'Helper function to fill in kernel shape.
'build a tree structure from the given queryset.'.
'Unserialize a packer dict. DCNL :param serialized_packer_dict:
'Match path to stderr of a step.
'Generates a random int in [0, 1].'.
'Check if a variable is a sparse variable.'.
'Configure the pipe buffer sizes.'.
'Test Vi block editing.'.
'Scales a list of time seconds to the given unit.
'Test that preprocessing works as expected'.
'Return a context manager that loads one or more plugins.
'Directorys can\'t have backslashes in their name.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'If a function is decorated with a decorator, return the decorator'.
'Test remote topo creation'.
'Get user profile.'.
'Configure hostnames.'.
'Generate a thumbnail filename from the source filename and options, combining DCNL the hash with the
'Main entry point for the script.'.
'Validates that the requirements are valid. DCNL :param requirements: The requirements to validate
'Returns a dictionary from a cursor as an object'.
'Return (module_filename, imp.py_compiled) or (None, imp.
'Returns a Response object connected to the socket.'.
'Filter out oauth params from a dict or list of params'.
'Location index page'.
'Removes trailing empty lines from lines.'.
'Return an ``Effect`` for a ``comment``.'.
'Given a model and a field name, return a list of field instances for DCNL the
'Returns True if the input is related to the translation.'.
'Test string indexing.'.
'Run command.'.
'This is a helper function that writes the repr of an instance.'.
'<word> -- Returns a list of examples for <word>.'.
'Create a new subscription on a Pub/Sub topic.'.
'Return the negation of the given literal.'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table. DCNL :param vif_id:
'Returns a list of version details for a given function'.
'Return the size of the header table'.
'Fix the indentation of `code` to `new_indents`.'.
'Parse a list of alignment lines and return an Alignment object.
'Adds line numbers to the beginning of lines in a string.'.
'Get the ethernet link info.'.
'If color is not given, fallback to the current context color.
'Creates and returns a dictionary of project objects.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Clear the cache. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL
'Returns headers.'.
'Return a list of the show variables for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install one Hue application.
'Load a PEM file.
'Create a temporary directory.
'Register a new instrumenter for a given class.
'Return a list of all unique elements in l.'.
'blogger.getAuthors(api_key, username, password) DCNL =>
'Converts a filetime object to a timestamp.
'Find a command in a list of paths.
'construct(t) -> compound DCNL Create a new compound variable from a compound expression.
'Return True if the package control is installed by Package Control.'.
'Parse date and notes from a date string'.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'Helper function to do the push.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the REST interface'.
'Setup the DTE bridge sensor.'.
'Export a library to XML.'.
'Return a VersioneerConfig object.'.
'Test getting rid of a missing argument'.
'vstack(a, b) -> a DCNL Equivalent to np.stack(
'Send a file to the file server, returning True if the file was sent DCNL to
'Return the MySQL error code, if any'.
'Close the connection to the device.
'Get the index of the point within the path with at least the length of the additional length
'Returns True iff the two graphs are syntactically identical.
'Encode a result into a signed CSR.'.
'Sets the environment for the current request.'.
'Return the Glance metadata for all volumes.'.
'Return the cyclotomic roots of ``f``.
'Load the intersphinx mapping file and issue a warning if it fails'.
'permutations(iterable) -> generator of permutations.
'Returns the creation sequence in a compact form.
'Formats an event into a form suitable for storing in a database.
'Adds a block to the context and returns the result.'.
'Return http data'.
'Returns the offset in minutes of the given timezone. DCNL :param timezone_name:
'Prints a string to stderr.'.
'sort_and_count(a) -> (a, count) DCNL Sorts
'Reset the database.'.
'Returns the given HTML as a string.
'Executes a task and returns the result.
'Set the FS home DCNL Return True if home was set, False if not.'
'Return True if s is an expression, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if the system is healthy, False otherwise.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Get package name from recipes_dir'.
'Converts a value to a string.
'Create a fake ORM object, cache it for performance'.
'Return the number of nodes in a cluster that are in quorum DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Coerce \'value\' to a timestamp, if set or not nullable.'.
'Plot an image with a fixed size and a patch.'.
'Checks if a command exists in the PATH.
'Get a category from the database via id.'.
'Retry Facebook invites. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param queryset
'Fetches the message for the given exploration id and thread id.
'Dump a Config object to a file in YAML.
'Update an account. DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL salt myminion stormpath
'Makes sure that the source and destination collections schemas match.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Estimate the Gaussian covariances for a given response.'.
'Get cascade precision.'.
'Display a diff between the current branch and the tracked branch.'.
'Check if a user has a specific role.
'Returns the source code of an object.
'Only work on SmartOS'.
'Test iteration over evoked events.'.
'Require the /afrikaans/tutorial/tutorial.po store
'Return an HTTP session using the given flow.'.
'Test whether a string is absolute.'.
'Returns the registry for a given tab id.
'Language: zh-CN -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Write journal entries to `path` in `format`.'.
'Test prefix reordering.'.
'Find nearest-neighbors words for query'.
'A generator function for parsing HTML links.
'Split a domain into multiple domains.
'Return a list of service that are disabled on boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a PEP 302 "importer" for the given path name, or None
'Only load if powerpath is available'.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Schmidt Skin'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Enforce a single action for a project or user.'.
'Check if the CRC32 checksum is correct.'.
'construct a simple tree'.
'Convert instance id to ec2 id.'.
'Edit a service'.
'Coerce all option values into one of the given types.
'Simple command-line tool.'.
'Scenario tables are solved against outlines'.
'Convert a MongoDB namespace to a compiled regular expression.
'Get user credentials. DCNL :rtype: dict[str, str]'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Check that the shape of d matches the shape of fun(d).'.
'Takes an incoming dict, and adds all the values to the incoming dict.
'If no header is provided, the underlying reader should read no header.'.
'Return first n items of an iterable.'.
'Replaces register with new flow port'.
'Read packed hyperbolic link in a text file.
'Checks if the home page is Products'.
'Test creating a new lazy process.'.
'Add a newline if the current line is not newline and we don\'t want
'Create request body for API call.'.
'classify k nearest neighbors to new_point'.
'Setup a BEM.'.
'Turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage DCNL Same as encode()
'Given a URL path, try to resolve the current page context to the appropriate DCNL page
'Make a delta for each image in sequence, writing it to fp.
'Write a worksheet\'s hyperlinks tag.
'Returns True if FASTQ version is supported, False otherwise.'.
'Return a list of import statements for a module.
'Convert hex color to xy'.
'Ensure that the sanity of a domain is valid.
'Create a factory for operator conversion.'.
'Loads the experiment description script from the given experiment directory.'.
'Returns the number of words in a string.'.
'Return a `oslo_db.Retry` for retrying instance updates.
'Compare two infos in the following order: DCNL 1.
'set_connection_info(url, user=None) DCNL Set the registry entry
'Uses Vision\'s index to generate the text.'.
'Parse a Content-Range header into (start, end) tuple.
'Scrub the viewpoint name from the logs.'.
'Create all the libraries we need to build.'.
'<text> -- Gives <text> a bing image.
'Perform a manually search for an artist or album.
'Get the label string from the dictionary.'.
'Return a (fallback_doc, fallback_reason, redirect_url) for the default
'Remove a readonly file from the filesystem.'.
'Get layer variables by name.
'Repeat elements of a tensor.
'Convert a datetime to milliseconds since the epoch.'.
'Returns a mock request for the given user.
'Read `count` packed bytes from `file_obj`.
'If the user tries to auto-identify a table in a particular format, DCNL
'Handle the manual markers.'.
'Returns whether the plugin is initialized DCNL :returns: `True` if plugin is initialized
'Test that GCRS\'s moonish transformations work as expected.'.
'Return path with slashes removed'.
'When given a single existing key but the value is not a primitive value, require() DC
'Detach the given devices from the VM.'.
'Module is active'.
'Check that the user is authenticated using HTTP Basic Auth.'.
'Generate a UUID from a system node and sequence number.
'Given a corpus file, return iterator over (word, tag) pairs.
'Fixture providing a fred user.'.
'Returns an arbitrary free address for the given family'.
'Returns disk usage of directory DCNL :param d: Directory name DCNL :returns:
'FileSystem.extract_zip does not verbose extraction'.
'Delete all open flows'.
'Get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by negatives and positives.'.
'Make a filename for a test file with the given purpose.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL :param string: String to colorize DCNL :param
'Renders the given template with the given extra context.'.
'Get the rotation value from a string.
'Cleanup dependencies for a single task'.
'Return the extension of a filename.'.
'Fix sample artifacts.'.
'Ask the user for a string, returning either the input or the raw input'.
'Test that setting learn_shift on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Encode a python data structure as JSON.
'Creates a Python environment.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Return the filename and line number of a raising exception DCNL from the given traceback.
'Return True if we are running on a little-endian platform.'.
'Set the line count for the dirty patches.'.
'Print a list of documents'.
'Notifications for modules specified in the configuration.'.
'Returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance.
'Get a poem from the given host and port.
'Fakes the json.loads_json_error function to raise an error.'.
'A view that redirects all requests to the GET view'.
'Returns a list of the keywords used by lexer.
'Generate a unique message ID.
'A view that was marked as secure.'.
'Add email to community queue.'.
'Check if a course is blocked by invoices.
'Find a element by CSS selector, and return the element.
'Update a certificate from a queue.
'Creates an xml element.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Ensure the DynamoDB table does not exist.
'Test list json command'.
'Tests whether the user can change the target strings of a unit.'.
'Evaluate the source code as a terminal value.
'Computes the convex hull of a and b.'.
'Parse an XML string and return an error value.'.
'Compute the allowed methods for a given resource.
'Run a poll on the given file descriptor.
'Test that we don\'t clobber elemwise operations'.
'Loads plugins from directories.
'Get first day of week.'.
'Return a list of (s, v) RGB colors for brew.'.
'Delete a Document. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param document:
'Converts a value to an integer.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Return a new matrix with a new offset from trans to fig.'.
'hexdump(data) -> (offset, value) DCNL A hexdump of a
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create new custom chain to the specified table
'Test update metadata on disk cache.'.
'Stop a running session DCNL module : string DCNL module name DCNL number : int
'Setup the BloomSky sensor.'.
'Checks a password against a hashed password.
'Create a digraph from a DOT graph.
'Return the value of an argument.'.
'Decorator to register a search mapping type.'.
'Test desktop functionality.'.
'Returns the shape of the dot product between two matrices.
'Display the text from the cursor to the end of the readline.
'Return True if the given course_key is a valid CCX course.
'Test the json view error handler.'.
'A context manager that temporarily redirects sys.stdin and sys.stderr DCNL to
'Returns the contents of the GET request as a string.'.
'Simulates a k-nn with more than one output.
'Return a list of all available community plugins.'.
'Return the path of the pc_settings.py file.'.
'Test Subunit output with one error'.
'Return the querystring for the given page number.'.
'Return the path to auto-confd for this osname.'.
'Generate a GARCH signal with residuals DCNL Parameters DCNL nobs : int DC
'Try to parse the given requirements file and return a helpful message.'.
'Language: zh-CN -> sucess outline colorless'.
'Removes arrays and arrays from code.
'Return the size of a file, in bytes.'.
'Find an option in argv that matches one of the short_opts and long_opts DC
'Writes the configuration to a file.
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a Poisson distribution.
'Test mne surf2bem.'.
'Parses the argument and returns the desired measurement DCNL :param argument: the argument,
'Check the response from the gerrit command.
'A version of :py:meth:`numpy.range4`.'.
'Return the OOF string for an ID.'.
'Given a course_key and a list of topic ids, return a dict of courseware
'decorator(caller) returns a decorator for a caller function.
'Delete specified keys from the qos_specs.'.
'Return a query for all activities from user_id.'.
'Returns a standard reply as a dict'.
'Return a copy of *ava* with *required* and *optional* attributes filtered
'Run all demos for the given number.'.
'Add PK, PK_2, and PK_2, to the database.'.
'Traces an operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCNL The operator
'Run a subprocess and return its output.
'Test saving a draft via gmail using the remote backend.'.
'Return netstat information for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A page to see if the user is logged in.'.
'Sudo a user'.
'Tar compiled files into dir'.
'Adds the bearer token to the uri.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/numba/numba/issues/46
'Test min_zero parameter'.
'metaWeblog.getCategories(blog_id, username, password) DCNL =>
'Jump to preview window'.
'Add a new firewall rule DCNL name DCNL The name of the firewall rule DCNL
'Create a stream with the specified name.
'log.error(msg, t=None, obj=None) DCNL log.
'main loop for process_stdin'.
'Get the parent PID of a process'.
'Handle scroll events.'.
'Returns square-free part of a field in ``K[X]``.
'Decompose polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Return True if path is a Python package'.
'Parse the command line and run it.'.
'Read a key from the numa maps file.
'Convert a timedelta to an integer representing the number of minutes DCNL in the integral
'Test URL to local path function'.
'[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]*'.
'Returns the path component of a URL.'.
'Setup the iOS simulator.'.
'Return first n items of a sequence DCNL >>> list(take(1, [1, [
'Test whether a list of axes is valid.'.
'Get the length of the file'.
'Run Collection Editor'.
'A shortcut for redirecting to a temporary page.'.
'grouper(3, \'ABCDEFG\', \'ABCDEFG\'
'Given a pack name, return the absolute path of the base path DCNL of that pack
'List all the hosts for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the determinant of a batch of numbers.
'Convert a JSON project to the native object.
'Create a random slice of a list of slicelen.
'Given a list of uptime tuples, return the uptime in seconds.
'Combine two flaky annotations into a single annotation.'.
'Unpublishes a collection. Commits changes. DCNL :param committer_id
'Removes all roles for a user from a tenant.'.
'Make a call to a JSON-RPC server.
'Get segment path.'.
'Parse the resolve.lst file.'.
'array.__reduce_ex__ should return the same result as __reduce_ex__
'Converts an EBS volume to a BlockDeviceVolume.
'Check if two vertices and faces are the same.'.
'Checks if the suggestion can be performed for the given unit.'.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Get an item from an array.'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Only works on Windows systems with PyWin32'.
'Returns selected language\'s BiDi layout. DCNL Returns: boolean'.
'Returns best-matching encoding.'.
'Returns the label of a plist'.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL.
'Retrieve the value of a config variable and decide whether it DCNL should be used or not
'Roll back a list of reservations.'.
'Return True if keystone version is available.'.
'Downloads a file or list of files to a directory. DCNL :param module:
'Shelve a server and wait for it to finish.'.
'Test the opening of the help link in the window.'.
'Set the currently active canvas.
'Find the path to the git repository directory.
'Returns pagination parameters.
'Check that fixline and fixparam are valid'.
'Require an Afrikaans tutorial.'.
'Return the total physical memory in bytes.
'Takes a list of (video, subtitles) tuples and returns a dictionary
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for OpenStack configurations'.
'Parse an etags value.
'Main application loop'.
'Sends an email to a user'.
'Returns a Style object with a color scheme.'.
'Convert an IP protocol value to a string.
'Return an iterator over the lists of values of a dictionary.'.
'Add patch info to a search result'.
'Converts a string representation of an integer to an integer.'.
'Simplify a dimension expression.
'Encode a variable-length integer as a string.
'Ensure that a translated field supports a migration'.
'Return process_open_sockets information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Evacuate live servers on a network host.'.
'Create an instance of the Levicivita class.
'Batched ORM flushing'.
'Create a CTF file name from the directory name and extension.'.
'Allow access for the given user to the given level in the course.
'Revoke roles for a MongoDB user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List clusters for each datacenter; or clusters for a specified datacenter in DCNL this
'Extract version information from the given file.'.
'Return points in a uniform linear layout.
'Generate n color rgb tuples.'.
'Get ACL groups. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which ACL groups
'Like tokenize.generate_tokens, but returns None if readline is not a valid DCNL
'Return the nonphylogenetic metric with the specified name.'.
'Parse a query given as a string argument.'.
'Remove stop words from tokens.
'Returns True if the given shell is an IPython shell.'.
'Return the swap size'.
'Removes a file, ACL and attribute from the filesystem.'.
'Generate URLs for each acoustic level.'.
'Execute a python script in the interpreter.
'Checks if the spec_info contains lists.
'Return the accepted, pre, and rej keys for the minions'.
'Test key completion for dict keys'.
'Return True if string is a float, False otherwise.'.
'Determine if a vector is a bow matrix.'.
'Gets a series from TVDB by id.'.
'Register a user. DCNL :param request: A Django request object DCNL :param
'See :class:`UploadToS3`.'.
'Determine if node_op is inverse of inv_pair.
'Gets the account from the last cache entry for a given nick.
'Return true if the object is an undefined instance.'.
'get docinfo'.
'Get a catalog by name.'.
'Test contains_inf function'.
'Find the first occurence of a sentinel in a file, blocksize bytes long.
'Get the unit format.'.
'Return iterator that formats a sequence of struct_items.'.
'Rolls back the last committed configuration changes.
'Prints out the totals for all metrics.
'Return True if the node is a super-node of the builtins node.'.
'Normalize mode to remove non-word characters'.
'Return the priority of this element.
'Humanize datetime using fallback format'.
'Parse a.egg-info file into a string.
'Use Win32File.getRawDevice to get the raw device name for a file.
'Wrapper for image_resize_image, that resizes the base64 source DCNL to
'Unregister a previously registered event handler.'.
'Wrapper around env.shell + sudo_prefix.'.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Extract a value from a dictionary using a list of path keys.'.
'Get geometry output by side loop.'.
'Migrate search index to latest version.'.
'Run the main loop.'.
'A user structure.'.
'Return a list of table names'.
'Validate configuration options. DCNL :param dict options: Configuration dictionary to validate. DCNL
'Generates a random choice of given shape.
'Assert that two arrays are the same.
'A with-context that yields a temporary file.
'Unpack an integer from a string. DCNL.
'Fill an array with data.'.
'Generates a point grid with a given number of points.
'Reload the schedule data from persistent storage'.
'Handler for reset_quota.'.
'Get the list of data extensions installed on the system.
'Return an array of `n` colors in the given `cmap`.
'Creates a Chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of order n.
'Safely split inputs into subsets.
'Test x_labels'.
'Convert between two formats.
'This test runs as a standalone script.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Recursively clipped the given object.
'Determine if the repository has any reviews prior to the changeset_revision.
'Returns the user\'s user base.
'Validates that value matches a regular expression.
'Attach a volume. DCNL This will attach a volume to the server. DCNL :
'Removes Python source files from a temporary directory.'.
'Test maxshield reading'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Shuffle the elements of a list with a given seed.
'Batch iterator. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : array DCNL batch_size : int
'Given a dict of changes, return a tuple of DCNL ``True``, ``False
'Delete an instance info cache record.'.
'Given a list of strings, returns an integer representing the DCNL attributes flag.'.
'Convert a string representation of indices into a list.
'Respond with csv which contains a summary of all available sale records.
'Returns True if the input is related to the translation.'.
'Add a resource to the resource container'.
'Request user input'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test to ensure Marshmallow\'s schema type works as expected'.
'Check to see if an IAM instance profile is associated with the given role.
'Get a crafted shape file from a list of procedures.'.
'Get the mountpoint of a cgroup DCNL controller DCNL name of the cgroup
'Main entry-point for parquet.'.
'Return a string representing the default display value for a DCNL datetime object.'.
'Create a list of ``ManagedNode`` objects.
'Show the details of a tag. DCNL :param repo: A `Repo` object
'Convert a sympy matrix to a numpy matrix.
'List all the virtual machines on the cloud provider.'.
'Unblock a specific bluetooth device by BD Address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a resource.'.
'Find the best matching zone for a name.
'Return True if the given resource is inside the given resource.
'unary_expression : unary_expression MINUS constant_expression'.
'read_from_persistent_store() -> str DCNL Return the contents of the
'Escape special characters \' \', \', \', \', \
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCNL strings
'Return the indices of unique values in array `x` DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Convert a string representation of a boolean into a bool value'.
'Uses `matplotlib` to find a.tex file in the current directory.
'Sends a list of inventories to a RESTful API.
'Determine which downloader to use based on the info_dict.
'Create a package from a template.'.
'Converts an IP address to an integer'.
'Runs the convert command with the given arguments.
'Disable availability zones for ELB.
'Return the CPU percentage and the return value of the given function.
'Make loop declaration.'.
'Compile release translations and push them to Transifex.'.
'Find changes on monitors.'.
'Same as a + b.'.
'Display a box with a list of reviews for an addon.'.
'Return a dict describing specific group type.'.
'Render a template with context.
'Open index list'.
'Print all decoders.'.
'Checks if a service is running DCNL :param svc_path: the path to
'Check that classification targets are of the correct type.'.
'Fits a polynomial function to the given data. DCNL Parameters DCNL function : function
'Check basic variables'.
'Forces a running job.
'Run vagrant on the remote host.'.
'Returns a dictionary of option values for the given optionable type.
'Scenario.steps should have a hash inside single quotes'.
'List all QThread instances'.
'Verify normal mode.'.
'Write status line.'.
'Deletes a repository.'.
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL subnet.
'Get the x y coordinates from a read name.'.
'Decrypts data with the aes key expansion.
'Returns a socket object based on the version of the IP address.'.
'Set the Windows proxy settings.
'Convert hex string to rgba'.
'Return a list of revisions for a package.
'Saves photos to the specified device.'.
'Convert temperature in degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.'.
'Updates a version. DCNL :param event_id: Event ID DCNL :param
'Generates a unique id for the given cloud instance.
'Remove all files from file system'.
'Check connectivity of the cluster.
'Initialize a module'.
'Find all instances of the pattern in the string.
'Replaces URLs with a single blank character.
'Determine if the loop is intersecting within any of the loop lists.'.
'Set quota usage dirty flag for given resources and tenant.
'Returns set of unique fasta ids from list of fasta files'.
'A context manager that augments usage errors by supplying a DCNL ctx and optional optional parameter
'Removes temporary files created using \'clean\' function'.
'Releases a vlanid entry from database'.
'Mocks the pprint.pformat function to return a string.'.
'Return the value of a polynomial in ``GF(a)[x]``.
'Transposes an expression. DCNL >>> from sympy.strategies.
'Return true if the object is a string'.
'Generate coverage reports for tests.'.
'Manage a monitor. DCNL name DCNL The name of the monitor to monitor. DC
'Expand the asterisk for columns in an SQL query'.
'Collect with respect to a tuple'.
'Compares the two keys.'.
'List all hostgroups'.
'Return a list of systemctl commands to execute'.
'Returns a list of siblings along path to page2.
'Write content to output_path.
'Replaces a file in the temp directory with a new one.
'Helper function to get a connection string'.
'Check if an entry exists in the specified set.
'If the user is welcome to download the OSF4M, set the download count or
'setIcon(filepath, icnspath) DCNL Set the icon to icns for
'Load the named module with the given functions and return the DCNL dictionary.'.
'Given an object id, find the approval for that object.
'Get a desktop module by name.
'Determine if a tool metadata dictionary can eliminate tool dependencies.
'Encode a byte string using Z85.
'set_domain(strs) -> None DCNL Set the domain of the email address
'Checks for valid DNA characters in BCS fields and adds to errors DCNL header
'Given a list of string arguments, split them into a dictionary.
'Create a date locator with the given number of ticks'.
'Remove unused modules.'.
'Install a signal handler for the given file descriptor.
'Implements hadoop fs -mkdir.'.
'Return True if we are running on a BSD or not.'.
'Greatest common divisor between p and q.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test remove_viewpoint DCNL service API call
'Mocked get_recording_by_id.'.
'Cache the value of a namespace key.
'Issue a deprecation warning for a unit that has been renamed DCNL to a standard name
'Replace special characters \' \' and \' \' with \' \' DC
'Lock the workstation DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Display the dialog.'.
'Hash a file using TheSubDB\'s algorithm.
'Sets the verbose level of the module.
'Initialize the mail directory.'.
'Get flavor extra specs.'.
'Get the status of a datapusher job. DCNL :param id: the id
'Unpack lines from a text string'.
'Add an rule to the temporary ip deny list.
'Get members of an object, sorted by name.
'Convert from DKL to RGB.'.
'Finder should not attempt to handle file indexing incorrectly.'.
'Charts index page'.
'Simple sequences for HL0b.
'Remove docstring decoration.'.
'Lock the named lease.
'Parse preferences file. DCNL :param path: Path to the preferences file DCNL :
'<user> -- Gives you the cloudbot about <user>.'.
'Returns the variance of a variable.
'Group items by a given key function'.
'Test MNE inverse computation with noise coverage rank'.
'Converts a date in Matroska\'s date format to a Python datetime object.
'Return csf status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'conditional_expression : logical_or_expression'.
'Returns ``True`` if the given ``secret`` is decryptable by DCNL
'Check if a drive is a mount point and mount if necessary.'.
'Check if caching is enabled without a specific backend.'.
'Filter release name based on filter_words'.
'Return the path to the vbox command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a Jinja2 template string.
'Returns only the values in vlist that are in vals.
'SharedVariable Constructor for RandomState.
'Unsubscribe a user from basket.
'Assign a user to a page.
'Dumps memory to disk.'.
'Return rolling vwap dataframe DCNL df: DataFrame DCNL length: length of
'Get the name of a bench function.'.
'Join paths. DCNL >>> pathjoin(\'/path\', \'/path
'Kotanchek\'s function. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : array DCNL
'Create an archive of a node. DCNL :param src: Source node DCNL :
'Run a command and return its stdout, stderr, and error.'.
'Removes noise characters from output_string'.
'Ajax preview of an answer.'.
'Read string from bti file.'.
'Test either if an error is raised while wrong type'.
'Test that the connection can be established'.
'List projects modified since a given date.'.
'Context manager that removes a path if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Find the best smart path for a set of combinations.
'Parse a media. DCNL.
'Makes a dense tensor of the form DCNL [batch, batchsize, size,
'When one of a set of containers is stopped, stop them.
'Returns the Phred quality for a record.
'Find instance uuid by name_label'.
'Get statistics about the consumer.'.
'Recursively iterates over all modules in a package.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'If the given credentials are valid, return a User object.'.
'Ensure that a subreddit exists or create if not.'.
'Generate client library from discovery file at discovery_path.
'Returns the elapsed time between two events.
'check to make sure set_color works properly'.
'Ensure pushd and popd produce the same result for DCNL xonsh
'Setup the Qwikswitch platform.'.
'Choose a random test suite.
'Edit an alias.'.
'Initialize an addon. DCNL :param app: Flask application DCNL :param addon_
'Return the name of a file object.
'Convert milliseconds since epoch to datetime.datetime.'.
'Return a list of all known service types.
'Convert quoted string literals to unquoted strings with escaped quotes and DCNL backslashes unquoted
'Return a tuple of (keyspace, connection) tuples.
'Task add to preselected task'.
'Creates an instance of the OneOncePerDay class, given a pair of date and
'Reads the version from the VERSION_FILE and returns it.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Revoke all user certs.'.
'Return (user, password) for given socketfile.'.
'This method is called when the user clicks \'outline\' button on an X
'Ensures that cookie_path is absolute and expands it if needed.
'Return the tag of the latest release.
'Filter the table to only those samples with fraction_for_core.'.
'Migrate oauth template facts'.
'Compute the histogram for a set of values.
'Return a list of all grains DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return users information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extract links from the given HTTP response header.
'Initialize the plugin. DCNL :param config_path: The path to the config file
'Map the qos_spec to something more human-readable.'.
'Get current stock balance for a warehouse DCNL :param item_code: stock code DC
'Returns the number of indexes changed between two entities.
'Return cluster status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'It should exit status ok when a help command already exists'.
'Scour a sequence of coordinates.
'Create a Campaign with a Shared Bidding Strategy.
'Setup the Demo sensor platform.'.
'Start the named VM'.
'Compute the root mean square error.
'Return a hex dump of a packet'.
'Get a logger with the specified name, creating it if necessary.
'Compute the correlation matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL k_vars : int DCNL The number
'Unify f_gens and g_gens into tuples.'.
'Find the end of an expression inline (e.g.
'A scenario with a name should have a valid name'.
'Print a list of files'.
'Returns an HTTP object with the Google credentials set.'.
'This method handles ajax updates to the CourseMasquerade object'.
'Return True if filter_label_1 is true, else False.'.
'Convert x into a binary string'.
'This will store the current time zone in the context.
'Reconcile vouchers in a different document DCNL :param args: voucher
'Make a list of formatters based on the configuration.'.
'Undo the previous logger setup.'.
'Expand the image gallery.'.
'Convert columns to images.
'Send a message to the nsenter queue for the given pid.'.
'Checks if the current working directory exists.
'Folder edit'.
'Stop the cover. DCNL :param entity_id: The entity id of the cover
'Return True if the class is a metaclass.'.
'Returns the global unicast address associated with provided DCNL interface, or None if not found
'Writes sentiment documents to datastore.'.
'Include all enabled review board extensions.'.
'Get word embeddings.'.
'Set the media player of the media_list_player instance.
'Converts `x` to a list.
'Find orphaned children. DCNL :param filters: Filters out which children should be
'If `secure` or `remember_session` is true, set the cookie security
'Returns a list without repeated entries in the input list.
'Clears the screen.
'Test the compound gates.'.
'Formats the request/response parts of a WSGI example into markdown.'.
'Un-camel-case(s) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the
'Return the default logfile to use for the given executable'.
'Get difference loops.'.
'Pads a number to a maximum of n characters.
'Get a provider by name.
'Change the username of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Show a resource DCNL resource_id DCNL ID of the resource DCNL cib
'Like Django\'s ``request.route_url``, but returns a string.'.
'pow(x, y, z) -> mp(mppow(x, y
'Convert a path to unicode if supported by the OS.'.
'Wrapper around db.get_value.'.
'Test HelpCommand.run when a command doesn\'t exist.'.
'Release an address. DCNL :param ec2: A boto ec2 instance DCNL
'ResNet-200 model of [1].
'Clip a gcode linear move text.'.
'Converts an IP address from text representation into text representation. DCNL.
'Test the stft function.'.
'Return the version of Cython as a tuple (major, minor, patchlevel) DC
'Returns a list of the SQL statements used to create indexes for the given app.'.
'Removes media file extension from name, if present.'.
'Return a list of recently added or changed packages.
'Example 2 layer'.
'Return a list of all available package upgrades on the system DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Create a PB server and an IOPump for interacting with the DCNL in-
'If slug contains a template_title_prefix, prepend it to the beginning of the slug
'Convert a text name to a C{Object} object.'.
'Get the argspec of a callback.'.
'Update the owned_by_group field of the organisation DCNL when the user selects
'Returns a list of sparse blocks from the given tuples'.
'Fix source code using PEP8.
'Execute command and return its output'.
'Return the minion options'.
'Ensure choices are generated correctly.'.
'An error is raised if there is no output for the given bundle'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Convert a name to a list of labels.'.
'Creates a set of transformations from the given list of tokens.
'Sets the tax type and total in the session.'.
'Return a boolean of whether the string matches the regular DCNL expression.
'Make an API request to the Surveyor API.'.
'List all installed apps'.
'Sets the DiffOpcodeGenerator class used for generating opcodes.
'Expands the dimensions of a tensor.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'env\'.
'Create a script file in the given directory.'.
'If the path is a directory, add an error and return the path.'.
'Determine if a namespace is a wildcard in the database.
'Send an email to a user when a group member is removed.
'Return true if the requester can access the resource.'.
'Return console width'.
'Sort IP address'.
'This is a view that gets called from the \'index\' view, DCNL
'Delete preview files when a preview is deleted.'.
'Return True if the string s is positive enough, false otherwise.'.
'Return the discriminant of a, b and c.'.
'Test read_user_dict with default value'.
'A simple view that returns the request data in the context.'.
'Find a library by name.
'Create a grant IP middleware.'.
'Runs pylint on a set of files.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with \'backticks\'
'Return True if the content-type is HTML.
'Return a list of available keyspaces on the system.
'Template settings for CAP: Common Alerting Protocol'.
'Return a default set of arguments to pass to the constructor.'.
'Imports a module and returns the implementation class.
'Yields translation csv messages from `file`.
'Creates a new Student Attendance Record and submits it to the Materials
'Like a topic by id'.
'Convert a list of iostats.Stats to a dict.'.
'unquote_string(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abcdef\'
'Convert float x to datetime, rounded up to the nearest minute, DCNL seconds since epoch
'Returns the summary with the given tag, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Get input file.'.
'Gather clone losses from the graph.
'Extract user,email,fullname from SSL certificate.
'Build a rep for a given song.
'Returns the number of dictionaries for a given language.'.
'Search for recordings and return a dict with an \'recording-list\' key
'Given an absolute path to a torrent directory, return the path to the torrent DCNL directory
'Add summary by otu table and mapping. DCNL :param otu_table:
'Find compute nodes by hypervisor or raise if none are found.'.
'Do post processing of fasta, mapping, denoised seqs and otu picker
'Converts the \'if_exists\' parameter to the corresponding \'type\' parameter
'Discover an executable in the site-packages directory.'.
'Check multi line docstring end.
'Event: join a coroutine and return a join event.'.
'Returns True if AFNI is not installed DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return pylint version'.
'Return a tuple of (volume_id, size) for project_id.'.
'Completion a skipped line of code.
'Get the translation of the given message.'.
'Returns a tuple of (sort_key, sort_dir) for use in sorting.
'Return the arcsec of a float value'.
'Finds the Hessian at the given point.'.
'Convert human readable string to bytes.
'Set relieve or drain option of facts'.
'Execute kadmin command'.
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_eval_tail`.'.
'Get the cubic path.'.
'Converts newlines into <p> and <br />s.'.
'Return a Target instance for the given arguments.
'Converts an expression into a list of clauses.
'Updates search index for a given collection.
'Sort the pcap file in-place.
'Set the class to the latest instance.'.
'Check if a process exists in the current process table DCNL.
'Read the next SSH string from the data.
'Get the unified output.'.
'Reload the routes'.
'Return a synchronization wrapper for a RawArray'.
'Setup the MQTT Light platform.'.
'Returns True if the given ``attr`` is a valid ext-comm-attr
'List the nodes that are on the provider'.
'Create a release tag.'.
'Writes the text to the preview window, closes the window, and jumps to
'Returns a TimeSeriesResampler for the given groupby, according to the DCNL
'Make a sparse/sparse dataset with samples.
'Sort the tree by a column'.
'Parse saved json in variants.'.
'Context manager to make the given function contiguous.
'Test plot_topo_image_epochs.'.
'Return headers required for authentication'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Rebuilds the dependency tree
'Replaces some special characters \'-\', \'-\', \'-
'Returns the diff renderer class.
'Return a optimisingTestSuite containing all the tests.'.
'Get the pull request list for a given project.
'Return status code and status message'.
'Return a deferred that will be fired after the given number of seconds.
'Returns the root page.'.
'Unescape a node. DCNL :param node: the node to be unescaped DC
'Return True if *obj* is iterable and all booleans are True'.
'Add faces from a polygon using the Convex algorithm.'.
'Find the top level namespace.'.
'switch to synchronous mode'.
'add32(a, b) -> int DCNL Return the result of adding 32 bits
'List containers DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'If include_names is not None, the Reader should read only those columns in include_
'Only load if git is installed'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Show the pillar data for the
'callback for key-value pairs'.
'Specify parameters to pass to the app.'.
'Test the `on_focus_changed` method of QApplication.'.
'Patch `cmdutils._FakeCommandUtils`.'.
'Insert a new record in the database. DCNL :param data_dict: The dictionary
'Sends an email to the user if the password has changed.'.
'Adds args for the loadgraph script.'.
'Remove symbols from iterator that are not in exclude.'.
'Convert a UTC datetime to a Decimal.'.
'Find the source and line of a node.
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'Runs deseq2 on a bt file.'.
'Get the Python package name that is currently being used, based on whether or not the DC
'unary_expression : unary_expression LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'Given a valid config, create a bucket.
'Given a color, return a tuple of (r,g,b) with the alpha
'Remove repeated entries from list of indices.'.
'Main entry-point for Windows applications.'.
'Pause a server.'.
'parse json output'.
'Normalizes a word, converting accents to diacritics, etc.'.
'Discretize a model with a type error.'.
'Ensure that a network is absent.
'Converts arg into a comma-separated list of latitudes.'.
'Generate a BigQuery JSON schema for the given DataFrame.'.
'Return the key for sorting strings.'.
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Returns True if the graph is connected.'.
'Return the contents of an interface script DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Inplace column scaling of a CSR matrix.
'Get new repository.'.
'Encode a password. DCNL.
'Set a new audio output. DCNL.
'Return a service instance for the current thread.'.
'Checks the atom is a valid string.'.
'Categorical crossentropy between two tensors.
'Returns a product.'.
'Test that a half pie is rendered correctly.'.
'Imports an object by name.
'Test for reproducible PDF output'.
'Get files in the directory which have a given file type, but with file type in the
'Creates the logout URL for the given slug.
'Return request_host and optional IPv4 address if not found'.
'Copy the contents of a source directory to a destination.
'Clears the screen.'.
'Return the OpenNebula location'.
'Creates a 1-D tensor of the same shape as x.
'Truncating field with xss should not cause problems.'.
'Initializes a TensorFlow state.
'Returns the value of the field with the specified name in the specified object.'.
'Compute the log of the Gaussian density at x for a set of means and covars
'Create a CIX Tree from a CIX string.
'Empty trash'.
'Renders a fragment link.
'Split a named range into (sheet_name, xl_range).'.
'Add a "Vary" header to the given HttpResponse object.
'Return a list of installed extensions'.
'Search for recent scans'.
'Test regularization of noise and covariance.'.
'Return x if window is None'.
'Parses a PKT packet.
'Get print'.
'Return a numpy array of meshgrid triangles of length n.
'Clears the cache when a new site is saved.'.
'A simple view that streams content for the authenticated user.'.
'An exit between two rooms'.
'Return a *safe* weak reference to a callable target DCNL target -- the object to
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Check if the bucket name is subdomain compatible.
'Checks if a string starts with a obo prefix and returns a tuple of DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Wrapper around to_call that raises a TypeError if the arguments of DCNL to_call
'Print summary of installed plugins'.
'Detach a bcache device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Joins a list with a separator.
'Finds (count) free ports from start_port to end_port.
'call(*popenargs, **kwargs) DCNL call (*popenargs
'Test to make sure that raw HTML writing works as expected'.
'Given a list of script choices, return a tuple of script and script name.'.
'Return the compiler used by win32'.
'Starts video download and adds to queue'.
'Deletes the specified security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that the inner_outputs saved to the recurrent graph are DCNL accounted for
'Makes sure the result pointer is valid.'.
'create and return a renamed args object'.
'Test that settings are filled with default values for options'.
'This view generates a list of projects to build from the GitHub API.
'Given a list of urls, returns a set of all permissions.
'Create a new GeoType, or return an existing one.'.
'Check for comparison types.
'Attach a managed policy to a role.
'Send a notification about server group update.'.
'Attachments resource factory method'.
'Returns the weight of the word given the document k.'.
'Get pricing module. DCNL Returns: DCNL Pricing module'.
'Check if there\'s enough free space for download'.
'Fill the element with the specified text, only if it exists DCNL :param css_
'Return a list of all available colours'.
'Return a regex match for the given tag name'.
'Tests the creation of an image using the imageidfield field.'.
'Load an executable from an environment variable.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Convert a boolean value to an integer value.
'Create a new fragment that wraps `fragment` with `new_content`.'.
'List all of the GPG keys available DCNL user DCNL The user to use DC
'Join a sequence of strings into a file-like object. DCNL >>> save_join
'Create or resurrect a directory.
'Get the datacenter of the chassis.
'Return the largest element of the one-norm matrix A DCNL Parameters DCNL a :
'The main function. Instantiates and runs the server.'.
'Context manager for temporary updating the global assumptions.'.
'Get the uid for a given user name'.
'Returns a dictionary of pagination related variables.'.
'Convert a hex string to a byte'.
'Content for a namespace, raise if ns not found'.
'Hover an element.'.
'Given a tuple of (scheme, netloc, query, fragment) tuple, return a
'Nose-Tools trivial transformation.'.
'Format text using RST syntax'.
'mean gradient with respect to beta'.
'Creates the overlay workflow.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Return a service proxy.'.
'Apply a collection change list to a collection.'.
'Attempt to determine the version of the given executable.
'Delete all lead addresses for the given company'.
'Update flagged status'.
'Write a single image data to a fif file.'.
'Fetch the first MSX HDU from the HDU cache and return it.'.
'Given a reviews matrix, return all the estimates for each user.
'Reset the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.IntegerProperty``.'.
'Return request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.'.
'Return the minimizer for a QUBO given parameters DCNL a, fa, f
'Check if a package is installed.'.
'Starts the app in the given directory.'.
'Tests to ensure the nullable type works as expected'.
'Return a function that checks if nibabel is installed and if so, uses DCNL _
'Mimify infile to outfile DCNL Parameters DCNL infile : str DCNL
'Determine the type of function name.
'Writes the event in raw format to the log file.'.
'Return longest common prefix of all paths in list'.
'Remove dnsmasq accept rules for this device.'.
'Parse all the fathead docs in folder.'.
'Return a dict of the differences between the original and new dict.
'Move up or down the stack'.
'Returns the gradient with scaling applied by multiplier.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the name of the host that this VM is running on.'.
'Returns a tuple of (onrows, oncolumns) where onrows and oncolumns are
'Find increasing sequences in a given word.
'Fix the makefile. If do_apply is True, the makefile is renamed DC
'Convert a pandas index to a list of ticklabels.
'Compute the sum of the largest k elements of x.
'Returns a sum of the total amount of stock adjustments for the given product and DCNL all
'Create a connection to an S3 server.
'Return a list of table names for the given schema'.
'Returns the base directory of the current request'.
'Returns the inputs and outputs of a node.
'Return the qualifying prefix for a module or qualified name.'.
'Returns a user form page.'.
'Delete a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the mean cross-validation score.'.
'LDAP user_enabled_emulation_use_group_config is being ignored.
'Create a network interface'.
'Returns a template string for testing purposes.'.
'Get the maximum span of a loop.'.
'Create a fake block device mapping object.'.
'Get container information. DCNL :param app: Flask application DCNL :param env:
'.. versionadded:: 0.17.0 DCNL Create a FIFO file.
'Calculate the default directory to use for temporary files.
'Render a report'.
'Unsubscribe a document from a topic.
'Iterates over keys and values of a multidict.
'Returns a list of all headers.
'Remove a user from the group.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'pragma foreign keys'.
'Log a message at the DEBUG level.'.
'Wrapper around conn.update_api_key()'.
'Checks an HTML document for an anchor specified by hash.
'Get or create a hosted zone.
'Test that gym.Env can be reused.'.
'Drop a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Checks index name is a valid index name.
'>>> None2Null([1, 2, 3]) DCNL None DCNL >>> None
'Return a tuple of (volume_id, size) for all volumes.
'Write a dictionary of docstrings to a file.
'Returns the kernel architecture for the current kernel.'.
'Return data to a memcache server'.
'Fixture providing a filesystem loader.'.
'Test reading of source estimate files and time course estimates'.
'Validate a set of covariance matrices.'.
'Get the portage object.'.
'Quotes an argument for use as an RSP file name.
'Runs both save and load files'.
'Return a list of groups the named user belongs to DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Stolen from http://support.microsoft.com/en-us/library
'Deletes a vlanid entry from db'.
'Render an OpenID request as HTML.
'Return the ``nth root`` modulo ``a`` in ``K[
'Doji Star'.
'Return an iterator over all items in a sudsobject. DCNL.
'Add the specified service to the virtual service.
'gpu_elemwise_careduce(gpu_elemwise) -> gpu_ca
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List all available package upgrades DCNL
'Receive a pickled object from a socket'.
'Ensure the named launch configuration is absent.
'Inject create tags into the event.'.
'Returns the square root of ``f(p, q, x)`` in ``
'Get information about a username DCNL.
'Runs a WSGI-function with an SCGI server.'.
'Fonseca multiobjective function. DCNL :math:`f(x_
'Print a server\'s console log.'.
'Create bookmark actions for a module.
'Display an RGB image.'.
'Read lines from a file.
'Make sure tests exit on collection errors'.
'Return the next available host.'.
'namespace_scope : NAME DCNL | NAME'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Expand ~ and ~user constructs.
'Compute polynomial least common multiple of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Copy data from master to stdin DCNL master_fd: file descriptor DCNL read from
'Get the where value of an array'.
'Returns optional config value, or default_value'.
'Load the translation page and display the search results.'.
'Converts a list, tuple or ndarray to a list of args.'.
'Test that a Category is deleted'.
'Convert obj to a Commit object.
'Open a svg page in a file.
'Format a list of messages as a response.'.
'Setup and build the assets.'.
'Try to import and return an object.'.
'Build a Python function from scratch.'.
'Helper function to split the netmask and raise AddressValueError if needed'.
'Return the rcctl command'.
'Returns marker, limit tuple from request.
'Convert an xml element to a dict.
'Removes the xmlns attributes from the given element and all of the children.'.
'Returns the current rendering context.
'Parse the --test-files option and return the file name and list of files DCNL
'Formats a power value to a string'.
'Helper function to get a presentation ref from an xml document'.
'Dumps a dump file to a string.
'Parse an integer from a string.
'Require the `Italian Tutorial` store.'.
'Get a child node with the specified tag. DCNL.
'Returns a configuration dictionary with the given key/value pairs.
'Colorize text. DCNL :param text: The text to colorize DCNL :
'Return a list of all possible combinations of l.'.
'Parse the \'limit\' GET parameter and return an integer.'.
'Retrieves all hardtree modules, and assigns the module type to the first one that
'return difference between two values'.
'Tries to connect to server using ssh.
'Test for has_eeg_average_ref.'.
'unscrub(txt) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string txt with
'Return a decorator from a middleware class.
'Decrypts a stream. DCNL :param mode: decrypt mode DCNL :param in
'Get a prime number that can be stored in \'nbits\' bits.
'Trailing blank lines don\'t end with a newline.
'Convert document frequency to idf.'.
'Publish test harness'.
'Returns True if the given SQL string has an open-quote character.'.
'Return the AAAA record for ``host``.
'Write data to a file in a given directory.'.
'Simple command-line program for listing the datastores in a collection.'.
'Return expr as a string representation of expr.'.
'Return an edit handler for the given tab layout class.'.
'Converts an HTML tree to an XHTML tree'.
'Return a list of indices where ravel(condition) is true'.
'Sets the rate limit for requests that should be processed.
'Ensure non-unique prefix completion works.'.
'Given a base date and a relative day of the week, return the date DCNL of
'Check if rbenv is installed.
'Find a majority element in a list, or return None if there is no such element
'Solves the discrete Lyapunov equation using bilinear interpolation.'.
'Get a random prime number of size n using the given function.
'Takes a number of tc-volumes and a cjtempk and returns
'Convert a string to a list of integers'.
'Clears the cache for the current thread.'.
'Convert a regular expression into a (escaped string, flags) pair.
'Return a hash for the given ephemeral_paths.'.
'Expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__'.
'Returns the derivative of ``f`` with coefficients in ``K[x]`
'Return the maximum time in seconds since the epoch'.
'Return mapview configuration. DCNL :rtype: dict'.
'struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration'.
'GPU_SPARSE_BLOCK_OUTER(inplace=False) ->
'Split a string into a list of integer groups.
'Returns the Python library zip file for the specified course.
'Ensure cursor keys are pressed'.
'If no_input is True, return the project_dir'.
'Check if minc is available.'.
'Given a node and a path to a field, try to find that field using DCNL
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Parses opts and returns a dictionary of change values.
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Compute the SciPy of an image using the current camera.'.
'Gets the user\'s memberships for the given project.
'Return True if the stream with the given name is public.
'Test the inverse function'.
'Checks if the areall-sdrsdict is unique.
'Generates a GEGENBauer polynomial of degree `n` in `x`.
'Switch organization. DCNL orgname DCNL Name of the organization. DCNL profile DC
'Parse a sequence of bytes into key, value tuples.
'Returns the rendered template as a string.'.
'Convert package names in pkgs to a string'.
'Guess the filename of an object.'.
'Submits a grade report for the given course.'.
'Checks that \'expected\' is between \'got\' and \'expected\'
'Given a class, return the corresponding queryset.
'Like Django\'s ``current_route_path``, but returns a string instead of
'float_range() raises an exception when not a valid range'.
'Exit the program, raising SystemExit'.
'Cumulative Moving Average'.
'Return metadata as a string.'.
'Load a model. DCNL :param path_to_dictionary: Path to the dictionary
'Create a ``WindowFunction`` for the given aggregate, source, DCNL and drill
'Get IP forwarding routes DCNL :returns: list of Route DCNL :rtype
'Parses the options from the given parser and returns the DCNL (options, args).
'Takes a dictionary of parameters and transforms it into a more human-readable DC
'A generator that yields lines of text from a terminal.
'Returns a list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses to connect to.
'Returns the Comments app.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\'.
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'Builder for PandasSQL databases.
'Return the course display string for the given descriptor.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Get the latest asset log for a particular asset DCNL.
'Extract text content from an Element and its children'.
'JSON serializer for objects not serializable by default json'.
'Promotes an operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCNL The
'Return the subset of the list NAMES that match PAT'.
'Retrieves single volume type by id.'.
'Set up the QWebSettings.'.
'Strips the exception message from the error message.'.
'Returns a dictionary of field names that differ between model1 and model2.
'This function is called when the Postgres migrates from one database to another.'.
'Return event data to a remote carbon server'.
'Test installing from a virtualenv'.
'Check if a user is enrolled in a course.
'Register services.'.
'Get a foreign key value from a namespace.
'Checks if a MySQL database exists in the MS SQL server.
'Ensure that a directory exists at the given path.
'broadcast to multiple GPUs DCNL :param tensor: tensor to broadcast DCNL :
'Returns a list of words (words starting with \' \', \', \
'Return style help string.'.
'Rotates left by 64 bits'.
'Returns True if the given sentence matches the regular expression given by the arguments.
'Convert a unicode string to a byte string for Windows.'.
'Create a new allocation with the given key and value.'.
'Returns True if the word has a vowel, otherwise returns False.'.
'Ask the user for a debugger and start it.
'Get the current session plot options.'.
'Attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Return the state of a mapped object.
'Download file from url and return it\'s contents'.
'Retrieves the QoS Spec object for the given spec_id.
'Setup Insteon.'.
'Loads a WSGI app from a file.
'Returns True if user has read access to the course, False otherwise.'.
'Wraps words at specified line length.
'Split a GugeAdd or Mul node into add or mul nodes.
'Poweroff a machine. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Add driver to the list of drivers'.
'Get the zmq environment args'.
'Return string truncated to max_length.
'Default required_together for infinibox'.
'Check if the local IP is valid.'.
'Get the integer string.'.
'Return the product of a and b with the given alpha.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Creates commands for EB.
'Returns the configuration tag to use for the given API.
'This is called just before the server shuts down'.
'Get a list of the nova flavors.
'List all keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ping the database to confirm that the connection is alive.'.
'Return True if the NVM is available on the system.'.
'Returns the attributive adjective.'.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Determine if there is a possible WPA handshake'.
'>>> del_in_class(1) DCNL 1 DCNL 1 DC
'Wait for an element to finish autocomple'.
'Rotates the given color by the given percentage.
'Convert Roman numeral to integer.'.
'Wrap a call to a function with a timeout, if it fails.
'Get new repository.'.
'Print a list of all available frameworks.'.
'Pick counters from interpretation dictionary.'.
'Remove a package from the fetch list.'.
'Make sure the default representation attribute is set.'.
'Update a record in a zone.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Issue: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/5604
'Returns the absolute url for the given path.'.
'Display the repository dialog and start the main loop.'.
'Get movie rate. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'find_dir(p) -> str DCNL Find a directory in the filesystem'.
'Internal implementation of compile.'.
'Test SearchCommand.run with no arguments'.
'Ensureflask extension can be loaded.'.
'Return the number of nested elements in the given style.'.
'Returns the plural of a string, regardless of the case.
'Verify that `value` is a list of requirements for `attr`.'.
'Sleep for a random number of seconds.
'Return true if the given value looks like an integer.'.
'Create extra fill loops.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Return True if ``candidate`` is equal to the requirements.'.
'Fixture providing a mock request object.'.
'Returns the task status in JSON.
'Generates a set of vectors.
'Return a random rotation matrix.'.
'List the packages currently installed as a dict:: DCNL {\'<package_name>\
'Adds a (header, value) pair to the response.
'Create a transfer manager.'.
'Return the epsilon closure for the given state.
'Parse a signed request and verify it has the expected signature DCNL :param signed_request
'Returns the file name for the given test case.'.
'Stub out the given functions for all modules in the given test.'.
'Test that the nvidia_driver1 driver works'.
'Only load this module if influxdb is installed'.
'compile(node, uri, default_filters=None, default_imports=None
'Return the URL for the latest version of a project'.
'Add noise to an image DCNL Parameters DCNL input : numpy.ndarray DCNL
'Print text. DCNL :param strings: The list of strings to print DCNL :
'Write the image metadata to disk.
'Returns current language.'.
'Set the environment variable \'PLUGINPATH\' if it\'s not already set.'.
'Ensure that a file or directory does not exist.
'wrapEnum(ob, resultclsid=None) -> EnumVariant'.
'Generates an IBP distribution with the given alpha.
'Converts an integer to a number between 0 and 1.'.
'Writes the usearch61 log file.'.
'Given a list of filenames, return a list of (pdf_filename, page_
'Like ``isnull`` except that we don\'t clobber the object'.
'Parses an S3 URI and returns True if it is a valid S3 URI.
'format_string = \'now_datetime\' or \'now_unixtime\'
'Returns whether the translation is hidden or not.'.
'Set the idfunction.'.
'Checks if the api_password matches the stored api_password.'.
'Return a list of rating choices and their name'.
'Teardown the database.'.
'Apply a function to an audio clip.
'Create a TagCloud tag. DCNL :param oname: The name of the tag
'Detach a managed policy to a role.
'>>> sorted(set_remove_missing()) DCNL [1, 2]'.
'Parse arguments and run behave.'.
'declaration_specifiers : type_qualifier'.
'Creates API method response for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return (type(item), item) suitable for sorting.'.
'A trivial test'.
'Pickle object `obj` to `dest`.
'Returns a list of dynamic tabs for the given course.
'Parses an authentication header in the form of: DCNL application/x-www-
'Test downloading a wheel'.
'Return tool_panel_tool_conf, tool_path, relative install dir'.
'Print out a query to stdout.'.
'quote(s, charset = \'utf-8', safe = \'utf-8')
'Parse command line for options'.
'Fail with an error.'.
'Returns a list of releases for the given episode.
'isInt(x:long, precision:int) : boolean DCNL True if x
'problem with filesystem home directory'.
'Returns the current revision number or None if no revision was specified.'.
'Annotate content models by youtube id.'.
'Test that SciPy\'s iterator behaves as expected'.
'Returns True if l is a list, False otherwise.'.
'Basic example of how to create a sheet'.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Returns the aggregate history for the
'Moving Average'.
'Adds a teacher to the facility.'.
'Fill paragraphs of a string DCNL Parameters DCNL s : str DCNL The string
'Test reading raw ctf file'.
'Test show_weights.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller for Organizations'.
'Converts the characters in the pattern from \'java\' to \'java\'.'
'replace (str, old, new[, maxsplit]) -> string DCNL Return a
'Returns a dictionary of platform, version, name and version from user-supplied
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Returns CSV output'.
'return the version of the system'.
'Try to decode string to utf8 if possible. DCNL.
'Checks that the rpc status is valid. DCNL :param status: The rpc status
'Returns the next datetime for the given table name based on the DCNL given UTC hour.'
'Calculate the md5sum of a file.
'Try to import a module that doesn\'t have an import hook.'.
'Normalize newlines in text.
'Iterate over all filenames in a given directory.
'Batchly execute a command with the given arguments.
'Sets the custom DNS servers for the current domain DCNL Returns True if the DNS was successfully
'Test \'reset out\' magic'.
'BuildInfo resource factory method.'.
'A simple task created view'.
'Returns a string representation of a dictionary.'.
'Get unit status by unit code DCNL :param code: Unit status code DCNL Return
'Initialize the module. Returns True if the module was loaded, False if not.'.
'Returns the name of the user model.
'Given an expression, return a dictionary of the expression DCNL in which the expression is group
'Returns the default HTTP User-Agent.'.
'Main entry point for Bokeh.'.
'Kill greenlet with exception'.
'Cleans up the contents of the S3 bucket after the test completes.'.
'Return true if the object is a user-defined generator function.
'RESTful CRUD controller for roles that are already permitted DCNL for the user DCNL
'Compute a deployment state for a cluster.
'List all available extensions.'.
'Returns a copy of \'s\' with length n multiplied by \'sep\''
'Update a fileserver object DCNL :param fileserver: The fileserver object to update
'Return a list of all job ids'.
'Install the templates translations for the given generator.'.
'Return a JSON-serializable dict representation of a user.
'Plugin registration.'.
'Get a block device mapping by instance id and instance uuid.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Checks that param is of the correct shape.'.
'Return True if doctest finder for `object` is in `module`.'.
'Return the absolute error of a_orig against w_approx.'.
'Returns True if the given synapses are the same.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Register a scale class.
'Return the relative path to file_path relative to the pack directory DCNL :param pack
'Delete a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the object at the given address, None if no object is found.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Iterates over all headers with the given name in the given message.'.
'Validate collection options. DCNL :param options: the collection options dict DCNL :type
'Install the tornado ioloop into our system.'.
'Runs the matlab command for the given job.
'Rewrite old-style bridges to new-style ones.'.
'Set the kernel setting for the given key.
'Return a dict mapping each of the given NSPFXs to its corresponding DCNL namespace
'Decode a string using Base64.
'Set the given properties on an image and update it.
'Returns the title of a Layout'.
'[phrase] gets a lmgtfy.com link for the specified phrase.'
'Ensure that wrapping of long types works as expected'.
'Test installing scripts from wheels with legacy files'.
'Check if an instance is in the resize state'.
'Run a script in a temporary environment with the given context.'.
'Returns a string version of the number formatted with the specified DCNL decimal separator, decimal position
'Check if a module is installed'.
'Print a summary of all the efuses.'.
'Return the triangulation of ``p1`` to ``p2``.'
'Return a list of all branches for the given repo.'.
'Converts Markdown source to HTML.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Credential Controller'.
'Test that the figure image functions work properly'.
'Clone the pacman repo.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Context manager to push a kernel module to the kernel stack.
'Joins a list of URL atoms into a single URL.'.
'Return True if the file is hidden.'.
'Wait for a new instance to be created for an instance.'.
'Returns a dict describing specific flavor.'.
'Creates a zero-filled :class:`cupy.ndarray` object like the
'Parses an HTTP response and returns a dict of (payload, status) and DCNL
'Generates a 2D discrete triangular matrix.
'search(string, word) -> list of offsets'.
'Returns the full path to a folder inside the autotest cache directory.'.
'Creates an access key for the specified user.
'Update an ELB stack.
'Reshow a matplotlib figure.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListEntry object.
'Check that the socket is accessible and print a warning if not.'.
'Send a message to a list of registration_ids.
'Run Tidy\'s HTML Tidy runner.'.
'Reraise an exception if it was caused by another exception.'.
'Convert nodes from one type to another.'.
'Returns the model with the given name from the given app.'.
'Set the platform architecture context.'.
'Return data to a Pg server'.
'Get the fill value.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Generate an email address for the given user.'.
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Looks up the method with the specified name in the current class and returns DCNL the
'Run the main application.'.
'Download a given http URL to a temporary directory and return the path DCNL of the downloaded
'Update a FITS file.'.
'Move a file from path to dest.
'Test auto close after a task is closed.'.
'Test updating metadata when cache is deactivated.'.
'Wait to see delete output.'.
'Remove value from data if the user is not a SysAdmin.'.
'Load a certificate from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type (one of
'Return a list of all queues'.
'Converts identifier to a standard GCE name.'.
'Return the depth of a square root of a polynomial.
'Return a copy of os.environ with additional parameters added.
'Convert a path to a Unix-style path.'.
'Decodes an encoded date/time string into a datetime object.
'Get the indices of the first and second channels.'.
'Load the data API.'.
'Creates a list of expected photos for a given user and episode.
'Retrieve a worker matching the criteria.
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCNL smaller
'Stop watching a document for edits.'.
'Message handler for desktop name dialog box'.
'Convert the value of an attribute to a boolean.
'Get matplotlib parameters from the current matplotlib file.
'Extract the browser from the user-agent string.
'In `imports()`, imports on global namespace without path should work.'.
'Returns the comparative form of the given adjective.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Sends a urlfetch payload to GCS.
'Get the current time in seconds since the epoch.
'Verify a user\'s identity.
'Parse a timedelta entry into a timedelta object.
'Returns the string with ANSI color codes stripped.'.
'Convert a number in IP format to a quad string'.
'Return a descriptor for an enum value.'.
'Generate some lorem impsum for the template.'.
'Check if a module exists'.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Create a quota usage or raise if it already exists.'.
'Simple command-line interface.'.
'Return the message for the given HTTP status code.'.
'Return the top data from the minion DCNL minion DCNL minion DCNL optional minion to
'Creates a transfer job for a given transfer date.'.
'Jump to a tab'.
'Log the results of get_nodes_cb()'.
'Returns the preferences as a base64 encoded string'.
'The course html index page.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_string4(StringIO.StringIO
'Output with verbosity 1 should show only the error messages at the top'.
'Add a service group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert special characters to underscores'.
'Test stc get_peak.'.
'Returns True if a and b are equal.
'Validates that \'value\' is a positive float, and returns it.
'Check if a VCS repository is installed.'.
'Same as a <= b.'.
'Get the status of all the cores on the host.
'Get the target of a symbolic link, e.g.
'Return a cache key for the HTML cache.'.
'Context manager that creates a temporary directory and deletes it.'.
'Process an ArcGIS service.
'Given a list of template names, returns the first that can be loaded.'.
'Return a path relative to temp_dir.'.
'Extend the data to be at the given offset, with the given length.'.
'If task id is not explicitly specified, add it to the task id'.
'Compares Entity protobufs by key.'.
'Check if the track index has changed.'.
'Perform a fulltext search on the whoosh index.
'Convert a tuple of year, month, day, hour, minute and second into a datetime
'Set the HTTP Referer'.
'Remove a repo from the system.
'Serialize a binary sequence (sdr) into a string.
'Start a systemd daemon'.
'Copy a content_size bytes from source to destination.
'Get a list of GeoJSON tile objects from the config DCNL Parameters DCNL names :
'Recursively serialize a pyrsistent representation of a Pyrsistent collection.
'The main program.'.
'Return the argument to set_gcc_shared_library() on this platform.'.
'Record the purchase in the given order based on the params'.
'Wait until the pids in namespace are not listening.'.
'Runs py.test for the given sample using Python 2.'.
'Get the unified output.'.
'Register a new account.
'Returns a cache key for the given rule.'.
'Open a gcode file for analysis.'.
'Select a URL to play with given id.'.
'Get the value of CFLAGS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return the value of
'Expire a reservation.'.
'Create an alias for an index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion elasticsearch
'Stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product.'.
'Setup the Wink cover platform.'.
'Ensure directory d exists. DCNL :param d: Path to directory DCNL
'Import a document DCNL :param document_type: the document type (e.g
'Get all snapshots belonging to a host.'.
'Upload image attachment.'.
'Parse a query string and return a list of query parts.
'Validate that the volume exists and is writable.'.
'Get the overhang direction.'.
'Set the Content-Transfer-Encoding header to 7bit or 8bit.'.
'Enable the named sysv service to start at boot.
'Ensure that a class has been renamed.
'Sanitizes an HTML snippet.'.
'Get a specific volume or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Check if two tokens are equal.
'Checks for exact match of fasta labels and tree file DCNL fasta_labels
'Returns the enabled provider with the specified ID.
'Return the default app id'.
'Hamming loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : tf.Tensor DCNL
'Serialize a collection to JSON.
'Test that sample is supervised.'.
'Get vector3 by prefix.'.
'Returns all subscriptions for given user.'.
'Writes out an oauthgetaccesstoken.cgi file for OAuth2 authorization'.
'Returns a string that identifies the given access key.'.
'Adds urls to the dictionary.'.
'Stop and start `count` matching containers.
'Check if a file is text.'.
'Add the points from the segment.'.
'Get partitions from given connectivity matrix.
'Connect a client to a (host, port) pair.'.
'Callback for clicking Help'.
'Queue a list of instances DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Verify that a package is not installed.
'Assert that the given warning is emitted by the given function.
'Return n random column names.'.
'Find a prime number p and q, with nbits bits set to 1.
'Convert a string argument to an int.'.
'Fast version of get_legen_lut.'.
'Returns the JSON representation of a user feed.
'Returns True if no real S3 credentials are set, False otherwise.'.
'Initialize data for :func:`idz_sfrm`.
'>>> mult_int_list_int()'.
'Render a response using the HTTP API.'.
'Return the number of iscsi targets for a given host.'.
'Load a module from a file. DCNL :param module_file_path: Path
'Return True if the name is a global variable name.'.
'Test getting completion for bash'.
'Update the table for a given field'.
'Fixture providing a celery app.'.
'Return a list of weighted links between a list of lottery winners.
'Encodes the usage_key and optional student into a task_key and task_input
'Dump current configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A simple view that can be overridden by subclasses.'.
'Override environment for build.'.
'Perform a BGP lookup. DCNL.
'Password regular expression description is not set.'.
'Yield (profile_name, role_name, document) for all instance profiles on the
'Run the tests'.
'Print the dot product of the given expression.'.
'Update properties of an image.'.
'Make sure the progress bar is at the correct height.'.
'Returns True if the item is a container, False otherwise.'.
'Evaluates the ceil of an interval'.
'Return the id of the given value.'.
'Turns off the firewall policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a queryset of daily activity queries for the given model class.'.
'This function is called at the end of each request that the application DCNL has finished.
'Return True if we should recompile this distribution.'.
'Resume after pause ends'.
'np.ndindex()'.
'Copies a QueryOptions object to a search_service_pb.SearchParams proto buff.'
'Add pixel to the pixel table with steepness.'.
'Returns True if the config dict has changed.'.
'Load a patchset from a file.
'Run the test suite'.
'Generate keys for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Optcheck a functional graph and return a new one.
'Return the Reader class from the `reader_name` module.'.
'Return package information for dselect. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Returns the exponential of ``p`` in ``X``.
'Add a certificate file to the specified Certificate Store DCNL source DCNL The source certificate file
'Create a group snapshot object'.
'Detaches a virtual machine from a disk.
'Use xpdf or pspdf to distort a file.
'Add a new page to the context if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the path to a config file of the given kind'.
'Test ranking of identifier and identifier quotes.'.
'Get the loop length of a polygon.'.
'Execute command in a subshell, return status code.'.
'Estimate a confidence interval for a continuous sample.
'Delete a salt task DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Leaves transaction management for the current thread or configuration.
'Converts a bcd value to a decimal value.'.
'Returns True if user has forum access to uname in course DCNL :param uname
'Returns the path to the config file.'.
'Test reading/writing of inverse operator'.
'xread(fh, size=-1, encoding=None, errors=None)
'Check that test and train sizes are valid for shuffle_split_init.
'Returns a feed instance based on a URL and a dictionary.
'Get the constructor of an object.
'Decode a string encoded using the NTS codec.
'Get the list of supported key exchange algorithms.'.
'Extract a snapshot from disk image to disk image DCNL disk_path DCNL Path to
'A view that returns a profile for the authenticated user.
'Return a base64 encoded image.
'Returns the least common multiple of a and b.'.
'Flip the axes of a multinomial array, randomly or non-randomly.
'Open the state file and return it as a dict.'.
'Recursively walk a directory and add all module to the list DCNL :param moduleList:
'When a task is changed, remove the task from the database.'.
'Set the element attributes by the arguments.'.
'Rebuild a string. DCNL >>> reconstruct(\'foo\') DCNL \
'Checks that Pandas index arguments are valid.
'Log in to the virtual machine'.
'Format a message for display.'.
'Write data over socket `socket` to socket `socket`.'.
'Return a list of files that are on the master'.
'split_env(\'/path.env\') --> \'/path\'
'Test that grouping by columns works as expected'.
'Load one or more grammar files.
'Parse a single word.'.
'Create a temporary directory.
'If the URL is redirected back, return the URL without doing anything.'.
'Create an object in the database.'.
'Serializes an instance to a JSON string.
'Determines whether a decision should be made or not.'.
'Return data from the "End of Central Directory" record, or None.
'Returns the logarithm of the gamma function at x.'.
'Execute queries against SQLCipher, merge and return as a dict'.
'Parse a list of tagged tokens into a list of sentences.
'Load a ImageFont from a file.
'Change the working directory of this process.
'Download a dataset to the given path.
'Remove tags from a user'.
'In `paginated_url` it should return the correct URL.'.
'[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]*'.
'Authenticate using Django\'s auth database DCNL :param username: The username of the user
'Takes a SoundCloud playlist entry and returns a formatted string.'.
'Return the shortest possible module name.'.
'Converts a string into its rank'.
'Sync runner modules from ``salt://_runners`` to the master DCNL salt
'Returns a string of indentation.
'Guard against pause_on_post_processing setting.'.
'Decimate cHPI channels.'.
'Asserts that the given pattern matches the exception.'.
'Chunk up an XML file into smaller XML chunks.'.
'Create a template from a filename and a list of root directories.'.
'Zero the upper triangular part of a triad.
'rulesection : ID DCNL | ID'.
'Unsign a string, and return the deserialized data DCNL :param s: the string
'Get a cell or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Plots a normal probability plot'.
'Extract information about a single read.'.
'Get reason for a cluster or step.'.
'vert the lines'.
'Load a private key from a buffer.
'Returns the sequence of email addresses.'.
'Set the configuration for the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Calculate the minimum and maximum intervals of x.
'Command dispatcher DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :return:'.
'Check policy shape. DCNL Args: DCNL policy (dict): policy dict DCNL
'Add offset and vector3 to loop and vertexes.'.
'Get all cells.'.
'Try to determine the correct dialect for the given name, and return DCNL a callable that
'Test that a series of a square wave gives the same results as a DCNL series of
'Compute the triplet loss between two tensors.
'Solves the linear system of equations A and B.
'Update the doc to include plugin info table'.
'Formats the current time as an HTTP date string.
'Custom CRUD strings for inv purchases'.
'Create an add-on'.
'Return an iterator over all spider classes in the given module.'.
'Dump a list of probes to a file.'.
'Returns a dict of all non-private exploration summary domain objects.
'Return the cudart library on this platform.'.
'Test SubsetIterators.validationShuffleSplit'.
'run the cup density calculations on a single file'.
'Extract the summary line from ``doc``.'.
'Determine the correct disk bus to use for device_type.
'Test for all cost cases.'.
'Returns the given template as a string.'.
'Returns a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions'.
'Parse an XML string into an ElementTree instance.
'Set the DBMS to be used by the HashDB instance.
'Parse the counters. DCNL Each counter in the message has its own indent level.
'Update the specified revision in the current directory.
'Plot detections on an image.'.
'Converts a number to a hexidecimal string'.
'Makes docs, ui files and sync_artifacts.
'Return the indices of the elements in *items* sorted by *kind*.
'Draw a dendrogram.'.
'Add the given symbol if it is not already present in the symbol table.'.
'Get a ref by name'.
':type conn: cloudbot.client.Client DCNL :type chan: str DCNL
'Assert that expr1 is expr2, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Restore a file via restorecon
'This function has been moved to :py:func:`countzipfile.zipfile`.
'Read LSM floating point pairs from file and return as list.'.
'Insert the given text into the given text block using the given format.'.
'Create a new grep widget.'.
'Insert item x in list a, and keep it sorted assuming a is sorted.
'Enable or disable interactive mode DCNL rcparams[\'input\'] = b'.
'Render the modal workflow as HTML and JS'.
'Returns the logging level for the given request.
'Return True if the url belongs to any of the given domains'.
'Create a list of (out_path, file_struct) pairs from a base directory
'Setup the WeMo platform.'.
'Test writing and comparing source spaces.'.
'Prompts the user for a manual id.'.
'Returns an iterator over the trigrams of ``sequence``.
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Returns the course info module for the specified section.
'Make sure we can tokenize integers'.
'Bottleneck plotting function for masked convolutions.
'Return the style dict for an element based on rules'.
'Safe version of exp.
'Return a section name for the SM module.'.
'Convert a string to a unicode string.
'Write a graph to a dot file in the given path.
'Ensure that the named interface is present DCNL name DCNL The interface to which
'Given a valid config, delete a DB parameter group.
'>>> (\'a\', \'b\', \'c\',
'An exception is raised if the arguments don\'t match the expected signature.'.
'Execute a single parallel map provider query'.
'Lock media list instance. DCNL.
'Return a list of installed packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return whether a write should be done.
'Initialize the module'.
'Run a command in a subshell, returning stdout.
'Make sure the list of requests are unordered.'.
'Commits a transaction.'.
'Run thrift on the remote socket'.
'Converts a BGP ID in Inet-Pi format into a four-byte
'Shor UPID'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Formats an option value according to its type.'.
'Find all system plugins.'.
'Find all globals in an ast node.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Given a list of user_partitions, return a list of split user partitions.'.
'Creates a stub to make requests to the Table API.
'Show the description of an user.'.
'Create an int32 intrinsic that expands the grid size DCNL Parameters DCNL ndim :
'Validates that the permissions of a node match those of its contributors and DCNL node
'Test that authorized user can access payment method'.
'Test whether a path exists. Returns False for broken symbolic links'.
'Update volume type. DCNL :param id: volume type id DCNL :param name
'Set the given response headers.
'Takes a list of column names and sorts them in priority order.
'Opens a response in a web browser, returning a file-like object'.
'Use FTP to copy a file from remote machine to local machine.'.
'Create a user inline link.'.
'Returns permission message based on permission code.'.
'Iterate over all lexer classes.'.
'Generate a unique message ID.
'Replaces multiplicative postorder of e with -1.
'Provides parameters for inception_v3. DCNL Parameters DCNL weight_dec
'Returns True if the input is related to the translation.'.
'Compute polynomials of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Read the bearer token from a file and return it.
'Updates a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a type specification. DCNL.
'Test no-op small dataset.'.
'Parses a string representation of a timedelta into a timedelta object.
'Dump a certificate request to a buffer.
'Return the 0-diagonal dot product of a and b.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Copy a file from a remote machine to a local machine.
'Return the model of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Watch for proxies and fire events.'.
'Returns user information in cookie.'.
'Fix relative links. DCNL :param document: Document to be modified DCNL :param
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Load libzmq'.
'Scrodge a gcode linear move text.'.
'Returns True if the given object is a mapped class.
'Setup Python for Ubuntu'.
'Hanging Man'.
'Download a URL to a file'.
'Pause and resume after interval'.
'Return a changelog entry sorted in reverse chronological order.
'Return the function\'s type, defined by the decorators.'.
'Return the type of obj as a string.'.
'The entry point for the gunicorn server.'.
'Delete all quotas and reservations associated with a given project.'.
'Recursively load ast context.
'Check if the real IP of this request is a trusted network IP.'.
'Test rl_end_of_line.'.
'Check command line options'.
'Makes sure the request is not satisfiable.'.
'Safe version of os.path.join.'.
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6.
'Return a filename with unsafe characters replaced.'.
'Minimize the given error code.
'Returns an iterator over all collections on the specified bus.
'Generates a client login auth token from an HTTP body string.
'HTML link to a topic\'s parent document'.
'Return a second-nibble-hex encoding of t.'.
'Disables warnings when --quiet is true.'.
'Given a show name, return a tuple of (indexer_id, indexer_
'Returns True if the given course module list is valid for the given master course key.
'Short Line'.
'Display the welcome message'.
'Get the index of the point within the path with at least the length of the additional length
'Register models with the given engine.'.
'Return an event object suitable for the master event bus'.
'Scrub uri if it contains ".
'Returns a dictionary of IPv4 interfaces, keyed by interface name.
'Gemv(no_inplace=False) -> Gemv(x,
'Setup worker optimizations.
'Returns a ``GenerationHash``.'.
'Add a constant to the builder.
'Closes the library used by labjack.'.
'Create a fake cluster object.'.
'Outputs an `Expires` header for `delta` seconds from now.
'Verify that message extractors are valid'.
'Parse a time string into a datetime.time object.
'Task time slot stop'.
'Makes a CDF from a Hist object. DCNL Args: DCNL his
'Returns a list of recommendations for the given brands.'.
'Returns True if IDLE is using acarbon Tk.'.
'Returns the service module name for a given service model.
'Use this function to send a message to autorial group.
'Tries to find a file with the given name in the directories listed in DCNL ``
'Returns two iterators of booleans that indicate whether DCNL `pred` is true and
'Sanitizes the given HTML id.
'Dynamically import a module, and if class_name is given, return the package and
'Crops a title to a certain number of characters.
'Enable a haproxy server DCNL name DCNL Name of the haproxy server to enable
'Consumes decimal values.'.
'Postprocess media files DCNL :param processPath: Path to postprocess for DCNL
'Return the pointed pointers.'.
'Upgrades the schema for the given engine.'.
'Installs a new app.
'Return True if the sequence is sorted, False otherwise'.
'Parse a byte range header into a (unit, bytes) tuple.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.contrib.
'Runs apply_choice() on the given session and task.
'Helper function to run system.timers.eventhandlers'.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Test trapezoid1d model.'.
'Create a record for each block blob'.
'Return an iterator over the images in a PIL file.
'Convert a path from a canonical path to a local path.
'Convert a string representation of a boolean to an integer.'.
'Add provider facts to facts DCNL :param provider_facts: DCNL :type
'Formats a file size as a human-readable string.
'Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
'Add a non-blank xml subelement to an existing xml element.'.
'Renders a generic star tag.'.
'Corrects alpha corrections. DCNL Parameters DCNL result : dict DCNL A dictionary
'Convert hours to days'.
'Read the Element Data of type :data:`UInteger` DCNL :param stream:
'Helper function to launch threads'.
'Returns True if the given filter should be skipped.'.
'Compute spherical harmonics.'.
'Return a list of dirents from a buffer.
'hex_encoding(t) -> str DCNL Encodes a string t with hex digits
'Convenience function to create a new figure object.
'Get the MD5 checksum of a file in a container.
'Conditionally adds an item to a query.
'Test that payment methods can be edited.'.
'Returns the course block counts for the provided URL.
'Load an object from an HDF5 file.
'Parse a PCI address.
'Returns the date at which the http cache should expire.
'Check partial ordering of elements.'.
'Get the binary representation of the value.'.
'Convert an HDFS URI to a real path.
'Convert a list of numbers to a single number.'.
'Set the value of a Traffic Server configuration variable.
'Return the users that have been removed from a subscription for the event.'.
'Check to see if we have a composer lock file for this directory.
'splitgeneratedfilename(\'a.b.c\') --> \'a.
'Returns a snippet for the given resource and package.'.
'Print a stack trace for the given exception.'.
'Return the string that identifies an object that should be DCNL transient.
'Create a list of query results that should only be indexed.
'Return a list of period names.'.
'Returns an iterator over the CDS features in a FASTA file.
'Get the current working directory.'.
'Execute queries against mysql, merge and return as a dict'.
'Helper function to format the region name.'.
'Fill \'strings\' with \'strings\', up to \'line
'Discretize model at the center of the data.'.
'Annotate two tokens using HTML annotations.
'Log the number of active queries in the ORM cache.'.
'Return the commit hash for a package, returns a tuple (commit_id,comment_
'Calculate the center of the bounding box.'.
'Unregister a host. DCNL :param disp: The display object DCNL :param
'Checks for a comment on a todo item.
'Returns a list of nerdtree objects'.
'Return the timestamp of a table'.
'>>> x = test_close() DCNL >>> next(x) DCNL
'Return true if the object is defined.'.
'Step 5: The product and category is selected.'.
'Convert an array to a categorical array if it is not already one.
'Encode a multipart request body as a multipart request.
'Get the proportion colour for a preference color.'.
'Return the crash info dir for a given host.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Create OVS flow variables for port and network.'.
'Initialize the Glance store.'.
'Scenario.from_string should have inline comments inside double quotes'.
'Return a generator of correlated normals.
'Normalize a locale specifier.
'Returns the last keyword in the sql string and the rest of the text.'.
'If memory profiling is enabled, we start dumping the data to disk DCNL then start
'Determine a release name from a directory or NZB name DCNL :param dir
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Moving Average'.
'Find the indentation of a suite node.
'Update a namespace, raise if ns not found'.
'Drops log-stats if a list of lists contains items in ignore.'.
'Given a gui name and a gui backend, return the corresponding GUI instance.
'Returns the temp directory for qiime.
'Creates a replication group.
'Setup the plugin.'.
'Set the android context for media player. DCNL.
'Run command and return stdout.'.
'Return an immutable nodeset that contains all elements of the iterable.'.
'Test PackageFinder detects prereleases'.
'Checks if the argument has a given method.'.
'Returns a human-readable time string from the given time in milliseconds.'.
'Render the current block and return the result.'.
'Connect to the shopping cart API and print the results.'.
'Returns a list of changes to apply for a given repo.
'Returns the maximum number of network adapter slots on this machine'.
'Returns a list of all clients.
'Clip a gcode linear move text.'.
'Test that the separation between a FlattenerLayer and a DCNL FlattenerLayer
'Return a dictionary containing information about the installed distro release.
'Calls tadm with the given arguments.
'Similar to assert_raises, except instead of raising an exception.'.
'Helper function to generate a URL by redirecting with the given parameters.'.
'Get child elements by local name.'.
'Modify (update) hosts. DCNL :param host_filter_data: Filters
'Remove initial data from the database'.
'Return three tuples: (error_type, error_code, body) DCNL
'Automatically assign local variables to `self`.
'Test rl_backward_delete_char.'.
'Convert a number to a Julian date (or sequence).'.
'Loads all meta-sources from all modules.'.
'Get an attribute of an object.
'Returns the name of the running cron job'.
'Convert a mode to a string suitable for use as a manage mode DCNL CLI Example:
'Return Cython enums'.
'Return True if X is a dummy set'.
'roll_indices is integer indices in the matrix DCNL axis is either 0 or 1'
'Download the file at the given URL and move it to the given file_name.
'Sets the value of the urlconf variable.
'Given a list of (frame, filename, line_no, func_name, index
'Encode a URL so that it can be passed to a mirrored URL.
'Defines the default lenet arg scope.
'Generate a RST file for a given module toc_path.
'Format the job instance correctly'.
'Split a statement on newlines.
'Overwrites `baseline` and `non_novel_deltas` with the
'Walk the revision control tree'.
'Convert a latitude to a time zone.'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table. DCNL :param address: the address of
'Get boolean from the dictionary and key and return it or default.'.
'Return a query for all activities from groups that user_id follows.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Run extrude on a list of files.'.
'Calculates the similarity of two objects.
'Run self-tests. DCNL :param module: The self-test module to run
'Display the current date DCNL :param str format: DCNL :param bool isTime
'Remove universal flags from config vars'.
'Edit a post.'.
'Run a setup script in a virtualenv DCNL Args: DCNL setup_script:
'Ansible module main function.'.
'Takes an image and faces and highlights the boxes.'.
'Get the national or international group part of a phone number.
'Create a Service Principal Principal DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a random tweet.'.
'Call a function and return a Deferred.
'Get the size of the console window for windows.'.
'Returns a string concatenation of the given strings.'.
'Set the x and y values of the lights.'.
'Returns the active config key for the given app_version.
'List incidents based on pagerduty api'.
'Change the status of an activity.
'Lift all the repository dialogs.'.
'Get an album by ID from plugins.'.
'Given a request context, return a Resource initiator DCNL that can be used to create a
'Returns a cluster manager object'.
'Mount cgroups if not already mounted.'.
'Save a model to disk DCNL Parameters DCNL model_file_name : str DC
'Reads the contents of a file if it has been modified.
'Detect if any devices are supported by PCI'.
'Test plotting of evoked field.'.
'Load media library object. DCNL.
'Set current video aspect ratio.
'Avoid opening sys.stdout and sys.stderr when running under Windows.'.
'Check if a path has been added.'.
'Return the percentage of log space used.'.
'Return True if header_name is a hop-by-hop header.
'Returns a list of floats where the value is greater than zero.'.
'Grep the value of a variable in a file.
'Converts a string argument to a unicode string.
'Builds a server_conf from the vim globals.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a dictionary with signal names as keys and their respective DCNL signals.'.
'postfix_expression : postfix_expression MINUSMINUS'.
'Add a value to a variable in the make.conf DCNL Return a dict containing the
'Return the input from the stdin if it is not a tty.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Groups the tokens in the given token list by the keyword order.
'Combine two mappings into a single mapping.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Add a suffix to the filename.
'Return a list of the images that are on the provider'.
'gpu_elemwise(elemwise) -> gpu_elemwise(gpu_elem
'Validate the configuration and return a Bbox scanner.'.
'Check if a file or directory is absent on the distributed FS.
'Make width property setter'.
'Get the NMA notification service.'.
'Return a list of all known settings.'.
'Returns the tolerance for the item or item code'.
'Starts a web server on the given port with the given webroot.'.
'Get version from init.py'.
'Returns the absolute URL to a given static file.'.
'Test flushing history with store_stdout.'.
'Updates an existing security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the Fibonacci sequence of length n.
'Recursively resolves a PDFObjectRef'.
'Gradient of ridge penalty.
'Return the cwd of a process'.
'Makes sure the result pointer is valid.'.
'Test basics for pypengl'.
'Create a :class:`~pyramid.configparser.ConfigParser` from a
'Creates a location for the given combination of course, run, and block.
'Returns a random integer in the range [a, b).
'Escape a string for inclusion in a URL. DCNL >>> escape(\'a\')
'Log a meeting subject for a user.'.
'If the application is unproxied, return an empty response.'.
'Get the timestamp from the url.'.
'Return a list of the active virtual machine on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Test the fitting method'.
'Create a group snapshot from the values dictionary.'.
'If necessary, adds the current locale to the cache key.'.
'Return The description for the plugin type.'.
'Set the profile hook.
'NumPy\'s eye function.
'Compute ``x**u`` where ``f`` in ``K[X]
'Replaces instances like \'a/b/c\' with \'a/c
'Return (scaled, width, height) where pwidth and pheight > pheight
'Save local facts to file DCNL :param filename: Local facts file name DCNL :
'Only load this module if mako is installed'.
'Returns a badge for the given user for the course.
'Iterates over all crash files in the specified directory.'.
'Get the abstract text for a section div'.
'Display an image on a screen.
'Return an iterator that yields chunks of data from `iter`.'.
'Returns the phrase text for the given head.'.
'Only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than DCNL the given value
'Return a JSON representation of the form.'.
'Check to see if a subnet group exists.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Create random slices from the given shape.'.
'Load an M3u8 object from the given data.
'Change languages'.
'Compute the error between two wavelengths.'.
'Returns a dictionary with the given args and kwargs filled in as a blank DCNL string.'
'Check that the weights are valid.
'Return a path relative to zipline_root.
'Identical to ParseResponse, except that: DCNL 1.
'Returns None if n is not a float'.
'Return the URL to delete a comment.'.
'Returns a verbose expression for filtering.
'Converts a datetime object to a string.'.
'Execute apf command and return the output'.
'Display system ps info DCNL :param num: the number of pages to show DCNL
'Delete an ElastiCache option group.
'Play a WAV file.
'Wrapper around Django\'s ``route_path`` that returns the request path.'.
'Disconnect from the socketio server.'.
'Return a list of files reviewed by the given addons.'.
'Reconstruct the URL from the WSGI environment.'.
'Asserts the given output does not have the given text.'.
'Parses the name and version of an object id.
'polar projection, but in a rectangular box.'.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Cirs and CIRS have the same cartesian coordinates as other CIRS
'Test update with no data'.
'Create a new terminal writer instance.'.
'Returns True if the given object has a parent, False otherwise.'.
'Confound plot'.
'Removes common indentation from lines.
'Update provider_location field in provider_location field.'.
'Creates a view for the given container and returns it.
'Load a ctypes library.
'Save images.'.
'Create a response object from the given response headers and body and status code.'.
'Emits certificate events for given user.
'Return True if the string contains a flag, False otherwise.'.
'Run the release process.'.
'Register a new user.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Returns a list of products for a store.'.
'Save description to db'.
'Return a Reddit broke message for a failed action.
'Locale-specific metrics.'.
'This is a monkey-patched version of send().
'Computes a one-way ANOVA on an array of arrays.
'Checks if the population for the given unit is available. DCNL :param unit_
'Test atciqd and aticq functions.'.
'Get all qos specs for a volume type.'.
'Cancels all API calls that were started by API calls.
'Return number of windows on buffers of length n.
'Update supernav when a release is saved.'.
'Unlink all the files involved in the given object.'.
'Get a list of all available widgets.'.
'Checks if we\'re running in the appengine environment.
'Compute mutual incoherence. DCNL Parameters DCNL x_relevant :
'Assert that at least one of the given warnings is reported.
'Return metadata as a L{dict} object'.
'Convert a string to an integer.'.
'Prints out a bucket\'s access control list.'.
'Return a default Router instance.'.
'Add a null handler to the root logger if it\'s not already there.'.
'RESTful resource match'.
'Returns a list of recordings matching the given echoprint.
'search(seq, key) -> bool DCNL Search for a key in a sorted list
'This method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher.
'Replaces the original exception with a new one.
'Check for assertEqual(None, foo) and assertEqual(None, foo).'.
'Returns a list of payment providers portals for the given app or user.
'Create an image containing embedded plots for a given model.
'inpaperout(16) -> int DCNL Read 32 bits from the terminal, return
'Generates a unique GID number.'.
'Convert a CFArray to a CFArray of CFTypes.
'Get the tetragrid from the elementNode r values.'.
'Convert a long option name (e.g.
'Run the given tests on the virtual machine.
'Determine the metaclass for a class from a list of bases.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Commits app using git.'.
'Return the volume sum for a meter.
'Return a list of command-line arguments to use in the current DCNL interpreter.'.
'Takes a dict of package_data_dict, and fixes the paths in
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a (url, connection) pair for an HTTP connection.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Get all quotas associated with a given project.'.
'Recursively merge two dictionaries.
'Aux function.'.
'Simplify a graph using Theano\'s default compilation mode.
'Return a stringified version of the given iterable.'.
'Return a symbolic 5D variable.
'Return the kinematic energy for a given angular velocity.'.
'Returns the set of all elements in ``a`` that are in ``b``.
'Run a function in the profiler.'.
'Convert an array to the specified data type.'.
'Returns the matrix key for the given row and column.'.
'Find the appropriate validators for the given ip_address.'.
'Remaps the given value to match the given map.
'Return a list of all environments'.
'Return True if stdin is ready to read, False otherwise.'.
'Recursively deletes all folders that are empty in check_empty_dir DCNL check_
'Transform a locale string to a valid locale string.'.
'Performs the multiplicative FFT of a complex number.
'Returns the __dict__ dictionary for the given object.
'Return True if we want to skip this module.'.
'Create the file client and add it to the context'.
'Returns compressed KMZ from the given KML string.'.
'Join the group with the given avatar.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Formats time to ISO 8601 format.'.
'Return True if the object is a tool_load_error'.
'Returns a list of addresses from a comma-separated list of field values.'
'Compare a list of language strings to see if they contain the same language.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Generate root vectors and weights.'.
'A version of itertools.zip that checks that all arguments are of same length.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'A context manager that yields multiple context managers in a single with-statement.
'Write a value to a GPIO.'.
'Convert an ec2_id to an integer.
'Set the global site URL to be used when generating urls.
'Apply a function to each group of the matched text.
'Reset scores.'.
'The main function.'.
'Leaves transaction management for a running thread.
'Get gcode text without redundant mcode.'.
'Return True if rectangle is small enough.'.
'Test plugin enhancements.'.
'Create a container, or upload an object to a container DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Make a directory and all of its parents.
'Test Censure color image unsupported error'.
'Sudo a process using ``sudo`` and return the process object.
'Ensures that all actions in a target are valid.
'Gaussian glorot function DCNL Parameters DCNL shape : list DCNL shape of the
'Newline, copy the margin to the beginning of the line, and DCNL move the cursor
'Return the list of JavaScript files loaded by the XModule.'.
'XOR a buffer with a given key.'.
'Split a list of font fragments into multiple lines.'.
'Truncates a string to a given length.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Convert a location to a URL.
'Determine if SGEMV needs fixing. DCNL :param info: SG
'Output the graph for Texinfo.
'Computes the difference between two images.
'Gets the list of comments for the given object.
'Returns the User model instance associated with the given token.'.
'Removes HTML markup from an HTML string.
'Run the hg hook.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Review the current version of an idvve.'.
'Turns a lookup expression into a verbose name.
'Test that sympy.symarray can be instantiated'.
'Return the first level directory of a path DCNL >>> first_level_directory(\'
'Attach a volume to a set of values.'.
'Get unique vertexes from loops.'.
'List all the interfaces on the system.
'Get the class of an object.
'Helper to get option'.
'Solve a real number `f` by finding the solution to the real number `domain`.
'Test es2 application compatibility'.
'Ask if user wants to proceed, return true if the answer is yes'.
'Check the limit parameter in the request and raise a Webob.Exception if it is DC
'Takes an http response and an operation model and returns a response_dict.
'Checkout and commit'.
'Return the next available ctid'.
'A replacement for the old socket.ssl function.
'Signal handler for successful login.
'Parses the total storage limit of a queue.
'Test that numpy.random.RandomNumbers works as expected.'.
'Run migrations in \'offline\' mode.
'Returns the UserGlobalPreferences for the given user_id.
'Takes a col, and a col of HTML, and returns the corresponding latex.'
'Returns a list of all of the supported OF-PE modules.'.
'Create payment data for a user to checkout a shopping cart.
'Delete notifications for doctype'.
'Evaluates an annotation.'.
'Returns True if the type of the value is a simple (string, int, float,
'Scales the given image by the given side length.'.
'Log the number of queries that have been processed.'.
'Blockify with a simple dtype.
'Initialize data for :func:`iddr_aid`.
'Returns a template\'s ID from the given template name.
'Returns the IP address of the remote host.'.
'Send a message to MongoDB and get the first batch of data.'.
'Tries to find user\'s home directory.
'Return a hash for the given list of conda packages.
'Check if a file is text or binary'.
'Get the currently active view, or None if no view is active.'.
'Determine if a point is close to an inline point.'.
'Converts an integer to a long integer'.
'A wrapper around lowercase.validate.'.
'Truncates fasta seqs and qual scores to base_pos bases'.
'Checks for horizontal spacing around parenthesis.
'Common LDAP initialization parameters.'.
'This method checks if vRouter exists on the target node.
'Get the version of pkgin installed'.
'Setup the Vera binary sensor platform.'.
'Translate a string to a Unicode string using the platform-specific UTF-8 encoding.
'Return the self-similarity matrix.
'Format the number of bytes needed to hold the memory'.
'Return a pickled version of the data.'.
'Checks if the current user has `permission` on `context`.'.
'Recursive function to get the prototype from a dict'.
'Get a user list by name, creating it if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Run tests from the test suite.'.
'Test that the labels are consistent'.
'Return the version of dipy.
'Return an MD5 hash of a word.'.
'Return an mro for a type or a type itself'.
'test core for each new statement each time'.
'Setup the ZigBee light platform.'.
'Unquote slashes in text.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Set trimming points for binary SFF files.'.
'Create an annotated table.
'Remove volume type access for project_id.'.
'Return data about a single persona.'.
'Create a new virtual switch in a load balancer DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL
'Test reading an arbitrary file.'.
'Encrypt data with the given exponent using the given modulus.'.
'Make a fake queue object from a given testKQueue and event.'.
'Table with no header, autocolumn and no header'.
'Delete the given metadata item.'.
'Parses circ-style entry. DCNL :param entry: circ-style
'concat_maybe_tuples(vals) -> tuple DCNL Concat two or more tuple
'Increase stream retention period to retention_hours DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse an RFC822-compliant date string.
'Returns number of active website users'.
'split a path into a list of path components'.
'Wrap an input array to a multiple of repeat bytes.
'Returns the revision label for a changeset revision.'.
'Return \'relativee\' relative to \'basepath\'.
'Decodes a raw string of timestamps into a Timestamp object.
'Determine if a path is hidden.
'Run a command and return the output.
'Test IO for w files.'.
'Return the status of a job.
'Create a new Enum object'.
'Add or modify a repo. DCNL Args: DCNL module: Ansible module object
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'PHYSICAL INFORMATION Section 9.1.16'.
'Builds the vsepr response structure.'.
'Only load if heat and oslo are available'.
'Checks that the bitmap value is valid.'.
'Return num-tilings tiles from floats, ints and readonly.'.
'Return a list of Templates for the 18th-order 2nd-order 2nd
'Return whether or not the given locale is available.
'Remove site theme templates path from uri'.
'Test working copy with remote source'.
'Checks if two token lists are the same.
'Test that the type of fill_value is int32'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_int4(StringIO.StringIO
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return a list of package ids
'Return the path of the Makefile.'.
'Check tabhistory.serialize with two active items.'.
'Returns a random integer id in the range [minimum, maximum).
'Ensure that FileSystem.enumerations works as expected'.
'Given a sky coordinate, return a new sky coordinate that is the same as the DCNL
'Escape commas, tabs, newlines and double quotes in a string.'.
'Given a subnet ID describe its properties.
'Ensure that a distance object is valid.
'Format the x-axis of a subplot according to its frequency.'.
'Test SGD Trainer'.
'a_encode_set(values, mapping) -> [str, str]'.
'Returns True if the given object is a tree, False otherwise.'.
'describe_dhcp_options'.
'Check that the ICRS coords and distance are differing.'.
'Tries to convert attr into a local name.'.
'Escape the text for use as a script tag.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Extract member from targetpath, creating intermediate directories as necessary.'.
'Computes the IDF of each feature in the input vectors.
'Get raw data.'.
'Register a formatter with the given name.
'Chunks a list of tagged sentences into sentences.
'Convert a context dict to a string.'.
'Given a path to a module and a class, return the class.
'yaml: locks DCNL Allows a list of locks.
'Join left and right into a table.
'Check for testtools_skip_decorator.
'List members'.
'Returns a set of inputs and outputs for a trigger file.
'Toggle the subscription for a skill.'.
'Get the mysensors notification service.'.
'strings.rfill simple'.
'Get the node zones.'.
'Validate a Google Cloud Storage bucket name.
'Test the pendulum angular momentum'.
'Helper function to get entity group from a reference.
'Add a weight regularizer to the graph.
'pad left'.
'Check if the architecture is X64'.
'Test the PSI slope index function'.
'Adds a callback to be invoked when the app is finalized.
'Generate a cookie secret.'.
'get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider'
'Check the vulnerability test for a given md5 hash.
'Print a string to standard out.'.
'Orthogonal dense matrix of a given dimension.'.
'Deep copy some keys in a dictionary DCNL Parameters DCNL in_dict : dict DC
'Coerce the given path from bytes to text using the given encoding.
'Permute test score in groups.'.
'Update the float at the given path with the given value.'.
'Wait for warnings on a database.
'Open a pseudo-terminal for writing.
'Test installing a double version of a package.'.
'It should absorb lambdas and spew'.
'Checks whether user can delete dictionary for given project.'.
'Assembles a URI from the argument.
'Check if the name is in a valid format for a reference.
'Return a list of fake entries for the given group.
'Makes a histogram from an unsorted sequence of values. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Converts a signal signum to an integer.
'The generic script can be customised by using parameters (see config.py).'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Normalizes a dictionary so that its keys are the same length as the DCNL original
'intersect_trust_region(x, s, delta) -> (t1, t2
'Returns path with environment variables expanded.'.
'Test join on two input nodes.'.
'Parses a GFF-style attribute string.
'Restore a backup to a specific location DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper function to generate HTML links to summary files DCNL.
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the
'Run all the methods in this module.
'Return dict of library id and field values.
'Given a frag_index and a list of part nodes, return a list of those nodes
'Test that we can write a table with fill_values=(masked, \'
'Create bootstrap samples for each stimulus.
'Index to one'.
'Create a new dashboard.
'Coerce a value to an integer, raising an error if it is out of range
'Pack the number of amino acids into the numa cell.'.
'store namespaces'.
'Context manager that starts a worker thread.
'Return the path to a static file on the Django site.'.
'Return True if the two given variables are the same, i.e.
'Test that SAMPClientError can be instantiated'.
'Returns a list of all request states.'.
'CRC32 checksum of a string'.
'Returns a list of typelibs for the given version of the module.
'List nictags DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Takes a list of dicts and sorts them in ascending order.
'Prints the course id and tabs'.
'Loads a template tag library.
'Inverse error function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL
'Sends a PUT request.
'Revokes an approval request from the datastore.
'Return True if *x* can be represented as an integer, DCNL otherwise return False
'Given a list of matches, generate a list of (min, max, probability, letter
'If text is a str, decode it to unicode.'.
'Convert native set to Python list.'.
'Filter queryset by start_publication and end_publication.'.
'Resets the state of the module to its initial state.'.
'Render a page using a template.
'Validate repoweb value. DCNL :param val: Repoweb value DCNL :type
'Get the latest episode of a series'.
'Convert x into a sequence.
'Test ICA reject buffer.'.
'Returns a string describing the appropriate printf format for a struct'.
'Returns a list of (story, q, answer) tuples from the given file-
'Get the ABI tag.'.
'Return a list of the floating IPs that are on the provider'.
'Returns a color that is saturated by the given percentage.
'Get API method for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates notification for a prefix.
'Read chunks from a file.'.
'Send an slack API request to Slack'.
'Get the backing memmap that is backed by `a`.
'Return a subclass of ``Platform`` for the current platform.
'Converts a string from nl to br'.
'Remove the given path DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'OpenCL barrier()'.
'Returns request\'s IP address, based on it\'s request'.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL running.
'declarator : declarator'.
'Return the maximum width of a list of service names.
'Configure BGP from file'.
'Check if try_import works.'.
'Test that multiproc run_multiproc_nondaemon_false works even if
'Kill image. DCNL :param req: request context DCNL :param image_id
'Set the editing mode for Emacs.'.
'Create an ELB policy.
'All Changes'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Return an :class:`OrderedDict` with information about data.
'Sign a given value with a timedelta64.'.
'Converts a string of bytes to a long integer'.
'Returns the datastore type for the given app id.
'Perform a block average above a given point.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'List all the resource pools for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the subscription type that is available for the current user and node.
'Takes an http response and injects the extra_html into the content.'.
'HMAC-SHA256 HMAC-SHA256'.
'Iterate over (labelname, groups, data_colors, color_order) pairs DC
'Check to see if we have features installed.'.
'Returns the full url to the Bootstrap theme file DCNL Example: DCNL {% theme
'Return a filter to check if a group has volumes.
'Return a storage engine instance.'.
'Safe version of get_design.
'Count the number of items in a column.'.
'Ban a twitter account from the system.'.
'Translates a Greek letter or symbol to an equivalent Unicode character.'.
'Send and receive packets at layer 2 DCNL pkts: list of packets to send DC
'Renames one or more transcripts.
'Returns a list of models defined by the given app labels.
'Get the appropriate reply for the given message.'.
'Remove non-alphanumeric characters from the beginning and end of a name to be used as
'Return True if the file is a reparse point'.
'A generic md5 hash function for passwords that are not hashable.
'Test qutelog.ignore().'.
'Return a dict of all remote methods within a given URL pattern DCNL :param resolver:
'Return (ip, attempts, date, matches) from a ticket. DCNL :param
'Perform any necessary initialisations, such as restarting the firewall policy DCNL and re
'Add zone to the master and slaves.
'Test that dcos_client can be used'.
'take(iter,num) -> list DCNL Return a list of num items from iter
'Create a valuation object from a list of concepts.
'Test listing an empty backup list.'.
'Return a list of words (words starting with a newline) from line.'.
'Index_pages page'.
'Returns an ordered list of attribute columns.
'Raise an error if the where is untested.'.
'Get the bridge direction.'.
'Execute a process and return its output'.
'Test that min_informative_str works as expected'.
'Load a Collection from a configuration dictionary.
'addr1=<client> addr2=<client> addr3=<client>
'<username> - gets the username of <username>.'.
'Create or update tool_dependency_objects based on tool_dependency_tree.'.
'Prints an info message to the log file.'.
'Initialize a new flowgram file.
'Calculate the age of the current date'.
'Create a new bloom file.
'Only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than DCNL a given version
'Converts an expression into a list of clauses with unique DCNL variables.'.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument'.
'Returns XLSX representation of DataBook.'.
'Get bandwidth usage for the given uuid and mac.'.
'Print the expression in mathml format.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Convert data into an unsigned integer of the given C{fmt}.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the given text.'.
'Get the xml element by key.'.
'Context manager that creates IOStreams and writes them to sys.stdout.
'Delete the named group DCNL name DCNL The name of the group to delete DCNL
'Check that o1 and o2 are within epsilon of each other.'.
'Plot error markers for unit points.'.
'Parse a list of hosts into a set'.
'Get a retention policy.
'Determine if the coordination backend is configured.'.
'Parse the \'227\' response for a PRV request.
'Start a VM. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Check that the given fields are valid.
'Ensure that it\'s possible to route the output type format by the suffix of
'Returns a unified diff between old and new pipeline definitions.
'Get the absolute path of an object.'.
'Get gcode lines with distance computed.'.
'Read a style directory and return a dictionary of style parameters.'.
'Returns the product of the given factors.
'Get media list from media list object. DCNL.
'Detect the peak of a highpass filter DCNL Parameters DCNL mx : array DCNL
'Returns a list of objects that match the regular expression.
'Returns information about the specified image DCNL hypervisor DCNL The hypervisor to
'Generate crc16 table'.
'Indent a string DCNL :param s: The string to indent DCNL :param width
'Returns the semantic table.'.
'Moves ship.'.
'The restful handler for certificate activation.
'Renders the settings page.'.
'Get the tag of the given node.'.
'Create a new HEAD for the given path in the given repo.
'Return True if path is a symbolic link.'.
'a = [ random(5) for _ in range(10)]'.
'call(*popenargs, **kwargs) -> int DCNL subprocess.check_
'Takes a string and collapses line breaks to a single space.
'Categorical crossentropy. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true : tf.Tensor
'Get work by id.
'Compute the emboss of an image.
'touch(path, times=None) DCNL Touch the file/directory at path (
'Runs the main program when called from the command line.'.
'assemblies the absolute value of a correlation matrix.
'Delete a configuration key'.
'Return a ``PonyMiddleware`` instance for the app.'.
'Build request type.'.
'Get barcode and sequence from seq.'.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test update_follower service API call.'.
'Open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Create a cache cluster.
'Return True if \'may_be_null\' is nullable.'.
'Convert an integer to a symbol.'.
'Remove entries from dirnames and filenames that are not part of filenames.'.
'Generates a bunch of random strings of length total_strings.
'Creates an instance of the token store.
'Vector multiplication between one and other.'.
'Generate a random string'.
'NagLog.result(level, result, *args) - Change the result formatter
'Commits any pending changes and resets the dirty flag.'.
'Hash a resource. DCNL :param resource: DCNL :return:'.
'Creates a new channel.
'Make the documentation for a given app'.
'Format a serial number field as a string.
'Tries to find the utmp directory'.
'Get the changelog hash for a changeset revision.
'Get all the attribute names for an object.
'Return the eigenvalues of the adjacency matrix of G.
'Research function for wang_ryzin.'.
'Generator to iterate over changes in a namespace.
'Return the desargues graph.'.
'Close connection to database.'.
'Determine the sockets for each attempt in the addr_space.
'Returns the intersection of the given lists.'.
'Convert the forward index to fixed orientation.'.
'wrap(x:long, m:long):long DCNL Return x wrapped to be
'Run imports on a library.
'Get a package name that is desired.'.
'Returns an anon redirect URL'.
'Returns the value for the given key in the current Salt data store.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9.1.16'.
'Make sure we can do multi-line tokenization'.
'Get the grains from the admin server'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find the Web Server path from a description.
'Convert an object to an unserialized JSON string.
'Deletes the given file.
'Checks all classes for preconditions and returns a filtered list.
'SharedVariable Constructor for SciPy sparse matrices.
'expression : LMINUS expr RMINUS'.
'Test box points for quartile selection.'.
'Cleanse a setting'.
'Returns the plural and singular of a Django model.
'Install flocker on all the nodes.
'Make sure the process never started.'.
'Assert that \'first\' is \'second\''.
'Deletes the given object from the database, softly.'.
'UTF-8-encodes keys and values of a dictionary or string DCNL >>> unicode_
'Invalidates module pricing cache for specified driver.
'Get all available regions for the CloudWatch service.
'Returns a string containing the header for a column.
'Computes the entropy of X.
'statement : NAME EQUALS expression'.
'Dedent and strip leading whitespace from node text.'.
'Register a new bundle.
'Return the SHA1 hash of a string'.
'Match timestamps in a file.
'Resets a password for a user'.
'find_repeats(arr) -> int DCNL Find the indices of repeating elements in
'Takes a string and options and returns a guessed version.'.
'Helper function to fake run_horcmgr.'.
'Return True if the element is at the start of the HTML, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a dict of old license ids, keyed by old license id.'.
'Setup the default colormap.'.
'Summarize activations of a Tensor.
'Category detail page. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param slug:
'Decorator to register a volume driver.'.
'Returns a list of (score, start) tuples.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCNL unicode
'Wait until win_standby'.
'Ensure hosts blocked from blocking to update are blocked.'.
'Given an integer x and an integer m, return an integer representing DCNL that integer x
'Helper function to update a user\'s GECOS information'.
'Print an error message to stderr and return 0.'.
'Is media parsed by libvlc? DCNL.
'Test reading raw edf files.'.
'Unpack a file from a URL. DCNL :param link: The URL to unpack
'Create a window containing a text string.'.
'Filter repository metadata by latest changeset revision that has missing tool test components.
'Parse a URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to parse DCNL :param
'Solves the gth-by-gth multiplication problem.'.
'Update a resource DCNL zone : string DCNL name of zone DCNL resource_type
'Convert a JSON record set to the native object.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Remove all task instances that are part of DAG'.
'Return the Frontend URL'.
'Plot tfr colored plot.'.
'Returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites.'.
'_device_pointer_attr(devmem, attr, odata) -> None DC
'Test MNE inverse computation with bads'.
'Return a list of processes DCNL :param addr_space: The address space for the
'Converts a string to snake-case.
'Get requests response as json.'.
'Get the intersection of the x intersections tables.'.
'Insert the given axis into the strides.
'Return a list of project names based on config'.
'Return True if the two entries are the same directory.'.
'This is a no-op method.
'Generate an image from an array.'.
'Returns the currently active theme.
'Return list of registry keys.'.
'Returns scheduler events for a given event'.
'Return a list of all services that are enabled.
'Main program'.
'Checks that the given field name is valid.
'Format the generated config header'.
'Fetch all versions of a tool shed from the repository.'.
'Parse cap polygon XML post parse.'.
'This callback is called when a connection between a DCNL host and port is made available.
'Return information about a template.
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9.1.17'.
'Get the version file name.'.
'Returns JSON representation of Databook.'.
'Get schema for action parameters.
'Estimate log-z and variance from a set of weight vectors.'.
'Make sure that the following definitions are incomplete'.
'Return the node state for a given joyent node id'.
'Format a device dictionary for display.'.
'Convert an exception to a tuple of HTTP status code and message.
'Get the md5 checksum for a file in a container.
'Returns the application id.
'Detach a zone from its zoneset.
'Encrypt data using AES encryption.'.
'List storage accounts'.
'Write an IPAC table that does not have a toplevel_meta field.'.
'Symlinks a file or directory.
'Returns a random number in the range [0, **bits).'.
'Checks if the input is a valid number of jobs and returns it.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Read the link from a file DCNL
'Returns the capture loglevel'.
'Parse a list of URL encoded strings into a dictionary.'.
'Load shows from database'.
'Check if a repository can be written.
'key for mpi_recv, mpi_sendwait'.
'Factory function that creates a new mkdirfilelock.
'Add a new schema entry.
'Returns a function that decodes a string using the given decoding function.
'Convert a `datetime` object to a `datetime` object.
'Return the transform matrix to rotate a center by offset_center.'.
'Print a test job.'.
'Shortcut for manager.find() that handles UUIDs and resources.
'Ensure that we don\'t try to use non-aligned mem'.
'Determine whether profiling should be enabled or not.'.
'Raises an exception if the supplied string is too long.
'Force-escape the given HTML value.
'Given a list of track IDs, return a list of (name, id) pairs
'Register a class in the type_url map.
'Return a datetime object representing the date in the format YYYYMMDD'.
'Format an IPv6 address.'.
'Parses a module\'s metadata. DCNL :param csvfile: a CSV file
'Check if the request_host is in the whitelist.
'Deletes a user. DCNL :param cursor: The cursor to use DCNL :
'Widget welcome'.
'Only load if the postgres module is present'.
'LocalAbs(x) -> x'.
'Return the last argument\'s reference (by reference).'.
'Generate translations for an item.'.
'Return True if the graph is a threshold graph.
'Extract account id from trail arn.'.
'Piercing Pattern'.
'Asserts that an event meets the protocol for datasources.'.
'Update VMX path.'.
'Return a list of all static file names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an attribute schema to a dictionary of attribute schemas.
'Force exit.'.
'Compute polynomial quotient of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Context manager to suspend buffer edits on a buffer proxy.'.
'struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union LBRACE struct_
'Creates a ctypes array from a ctypes array pointer.
'Creates a query to filter Documents and Tasks based on FilterForm arguments'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a dictionary of lookup parameters to a dictionary of form DCNL (key, value
'Process the xmodule assets.'.
'Takes a dict like like this: DCNL {\'name\': \'
'Prints the given message to the stream and exit with the given exit code.'.
'Check if a device is mounted.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Determine if the segment is completely in an intersection.'.
'Print a list of available languages'.
'Converts rads to radsec using nibabel.'.
'[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z_][a-zA-
'Returns the URL for the evidence page for the given user ID and course key.
'Ensure suggestions are displayed.'.
'set_p_to_zero(pect,i) -> pvect DC
'Scales a value between two values in a range [-infinity,infinf
'Return (root_id, parent_id, i)'.
'Returns a user\'s detail page.
'Creates a rule for celluloid comparisons.
'Get the python directories recursively.'.
'Convert a Model class to an entity schema.
'Remove a jacket from the container.
'Get the float.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Sample samples from a mixture.'.
'Currency view'.
'Check if code is up-to-date.
'definition : TYPE'.
'Lists all translations.'.
'IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9.1.18'.
'Resolve an object, recursively.
'Add user/role needs to the user'.
'Return True if config file is safe to use'.
'Count the records in a BIFF file.'.
'Ensure that pgi is installed as a global repository.'.
'Return a Deferred that fails with the given result.'.
'Delete an instance info cache.'.
'Equality predicates'.
'List all repos.'.
'Returns a list of Doctest Suites for the given text file'.
'Fetch the value of a single option and override it if it exists DCNL Return the value
'Return True DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Anonymize the network interface with a random MAC address.
'Takes args and kwargs and formats them as text'.
'Check if system state has changed.'.
'Creates the root node.'.
'Converts a Mobius interval to an interval value.
'Account settings page'.
'Test cross product'.
'Return the mail support option'.
'Parse a date in RFC822 format.
'Return the ISO8601 representation of a datetime object.'.
'Calculate the threshold value for a given data set and threshold value.'.
'Read a little-endian unsigned integer from the file-like object.'.
'Get a compute node by host and nodename.'.
'Tests that the plugin\'s `show_all_categories` flag is set DCNL
'Takes a string and sorts it in ascending order.
'Set the power state of the device.'.
'Close the cover tilt.'.
'Extracts a list of key=value pairs from the given params dict.
'Convert a percentage value to an integer.'.
'Return the filename of a given object.'.
'No changes to the images table from 008...'.
'Upscaling an image by a given ratio.
'Return the leading coefficient of ``f``.
'Concatenate multiple XML files into one.
'Check that f(z, channelwise) is correct.
'Don\'t run commands as daemons if the ``--daemonize`
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``replay_gain
'Get all the audit log entries older than ``offset`` in the given DCNL ``
'Bad module completion'.
'Return a copy of the system_metadata DCNL :param system_metadata: The system
'Stop the firewall DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print out the information returned when a job was executed'.
'Call the given function with the given positional and keyword arguments and DCNL interrupt the current
'Get port from database'.
'Create a ``SleepEvent`` suitable for use in tests.'.
'A utility function to calculate get average'.
'Get the sheet thickness.'.
'Test stockwell API.'.
'Run a function that returns true every time a given URL is sent to DCNL another URL
'Return a list of naughty strings read from filepath'.
'Creates a client for working with cloud blockstorage.'.
'Convert a datetime to the Gregorian date format'.
'Test that sympy.pi can be imported without importing pi.'.
'500 error handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`500.html` DCNL
'Given a sequence of category bits, create a list of category parents.
'Return the file name for a lineagename in the renewal config directory.'.
'Return an iterator over all collectors'.
'Returns the number of GPUs on this machine.'.
'Return a list of absolute paths to plugins of the given name.'.
'A view that raises an exception when a nesting level is reached.'.
'Write a complex128 tag to a fif file.'.
'Expand columns in order_by to include only columns that are already present in DCNL order
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Given a topic name, check to see if the given topic name exists.
'Performs a batch sort on an iterator and writes the sorted data to a DCNL file
'Return the date of the commit with the given commit id DCNL :param commit_id
'Returns the xblock which has a release date as the source for this DCNL xblock
'Returns an e-mail connection object based on command line options.'.
'Returns a random seed for use in random number generators.
'It should raise an assertion error if the requirements file does not conform to DCNL the requirements
'Delete a thread.'.
'Test that the remote backend can delete a draft.'.
'Runs a suite of tests.
'Inserts `values` into `tablename`.
'Returns the viewport ID of the current OpenGL context.'.
'Updates a port. DCNL :param token: Access token DCNL :param mac_
'Generate a random salt for use in a secure manner.
'This calls the Windows readdirectorychanges function in a Unicode safe way.'.
'Test the StepSchedule class'.
'Check if the image is present.'.
'Parse a module. DCNL Args: DCNL module_text: The text of the
'Raise Arguments'.
'norm_version(version, build = \'build\') -> string DCNL Normalize
'Render a form\'s addon.'.
'Context manager to hide attributes from an object.
'Acquiring the lock on a thread is necessary.'.
'initialise module'.
'Run the studio server.'.
'Return the attachment sequence if a single element is given.'.
'Require the error resource'.
'Return the XObject for a given symbolic name and length.'.
'Returns True if the cookie is confirmed at the given time.'.
'Loop until there are no messages left to send.'.
'Installs one or more packages if not already installed.'.
'Test downloading setuptools.'.
'Test that HTMLInputter cannot handle bs4 tables.'.
'Recursively scans a file or directory, returning a list of Video objects.
'Calculate total volume of inv item DCNL.
'Prints all currently configured queries.'.
'Return the ground domain of ``c``.
'Return the file path for the given doc extension in the given language.'.
'Scenario#steps_with_inline_comments should be able to parse scenario definitions'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find a file in the search paths, if it exists.
'Convert an endpoint address to an integer.
'Temporarily override tmpdir/config.conf.'.
'Convenience function for returning a list of parent items given a list of ids, DC
'Return the datasets that the user is following. DCNL :param id: the id
'Return a copy of *var* padded with *batch_axis* DCNL so that
'Prints a logo.'.
'Split host and port, returning tuple of host and port.
'Clone a Git repository.'.
'Split the provision line into name, version, and strict version.
'helper function to take a string and return the new string or append it to the existing string
'Try to pass a bracket starting at start. DCNL Return (string, end) if
'List all teams within the organization.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return the currents privileges for this process.
'Set default configuration options for oslo.middleware.'.
'Yield all files under \'base_path\' with \'suffix\''.
'Show the weights for a given model.
'Convert a naive datetime to UTC.'.
'given a course_key, return the cohort settings for the course'.
'Extrude a gcode file.'.
'Wrapper around oslo_messaging.get_batch_notification_listener.
'Create a network classifier from the given network and add it to the outputs.'.
'Test that the Table.prefix attribute is set correctly.'.
'Check if a view is a list view.
'Test for GEMINI v1.0 table parsing'.
'Helper for :py:func:`raise_unexpected` and :py:func:`raise
'Return the unwrapped ball.
'Makes a 2D grid by interpolating x1 and x2'.
'Retrieves multiple keys from memcache.
'Test extract_array with mode=None'.
'Asserts that the given response object matches the given criteria.
'<string> -- Escapes <string>.'.
'This function initializes the inotify module.
'Find the base image for the given flavor'.
'Test that E can be instantiated.'.
'Remove all references to the given function.'.
'Adds glacier checksums to the request.
'Given a color(s) and a function that returns a color(s) DCNL
'Try to catch the request and return the URL as a tuple (url, error)'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Test ensure_list_csv.'.
'Called when a message has been sent.
'Create a VBD record.'.
'Return the difference between two sets of modules.'.
'cmp_date(nzf1, nzf2) -> bool DCNL Compare N
'Open the given path.
'Creates a sentiment document in JSON format.
'Ensure that the named host is not present. DCNL name DCNL The name
'Merges all files in src into dst.
'The description on long named feature should be the same as the feature\'s description'.
'Find and Register a package.
'Updates current universe. DCNL id_or_symbols can be either an id or
'Returns the number of bytes necessary to store the other half of a DCNL type.'.
'Find the nearest slices of a tensor along an axis.
'Prints the confusion matrix.
'Convert a sequence of (key, value) tuples to a dictionary.
'Given a list of EIPs, return a list of EIPs.
'Dump a function to a string.'.
'Unpacks a uint8 array into a uint8 array.
'A blank line'.
'Send a notification event on a topic.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Generate a dictionary from a config file'.
'Execute a salt extension on the master'.
'Call a function and hold the result for a long time.
'Group messages by class and id.
'shortstr(s [,l]) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string
'Get the index of the closest complex point to the point.'.
'Returns the current indentation word.'.
'Convert a datetime to a timestamp.'.
'Return a list of (feature, w, x) for each document in the given list
'List floating IPs on this Azure account'.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'Return True if provided address is included in provided subnet length.'.
'Returns current oauth settings as a dict'.
'Add a list'.
'Takes a list of parts and a whitespace character and combines them with DCNL
'Generate a random jitter envelope for the given side of the violin.'.
'Return True if the environment is frozen.'.
'Build all HTML and LaTeX files.'.
'Return the calibration matrix for a calibration matrix.'.
'rank data based on group membership'.
'Run Markdown from the command line.'.
'Calculate the loglike of an AR1 model.
'Test that lexemes are sorted correctly.'.
'Imports a file into the database.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DCNL underscore
'Return the test suite'.
'usage: lx extend-links [name]'.
'Returns the rendered template as a string.
'Returns a list of library directories.'.
'Encode UDP data.'.
'Swaps index1 row with index2 in the matrix.
'Prints progress messages by string.'.
'Returns a `500 Internal Server` error.'.
'Apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Get the concatenated list.'.
'Get object information. DCNL :param app: application name DCNL :param path:
'Returns True if l is a list, False otherwise.'.
'Event: send a kill event with a given coro'.
'Recursive implementation of add_mul_fusion.'.
'Fetches all inactive IDs from a certificate.
'Check if the given private link key has expired.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Return an ancestry of the given path.'.
'Sends an email when a new request is created'.
'Start a gluster volume DCNL name DCNL Name of the gluster volume DCNL
'Get the number of connected phones in the system.'.
'Remove.pyc or.pyo files'.
'Test search with a missing argument'.
'resolve_document(request, docid, permission=None, **kwargs) -> object
'initialise module'.
'Logs an exception.'.
'run decompiler'.
'Check localization for localization errors.'.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio'
'Loads the default and user configuration and returns a dict.'.
'Convert a list of bytes into an integer.
'Parse the updates line'.
'Computes the log of the density of a spherical distribution.
'Extract zipfile into dir'.
'Get the WSA-specific output for an operation.
'Fake is_vim_object.'.
'Return True if atrun is enabled, otherwise False.'.
'Return list of subpackages of a package'.
'Returns the username for the given user_id.
'Return a database that can be used for testing.'.
'Returns True if value is a valid IMDB person ID'.
'Tests that hug\'s UUID type correctly converts and validates input'.
'Returns the access token or raises GraphAPIError'.
'Compute the number of bins to use for Freedman\'s Diaconis process.
'Set a keys time to live in seconds DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Render a template to a file.
'Verify that a certificate is valid.'.
'Test that random_sample returns a list of n-partitions elements'.
'Computes a triangle consisting of the intersection of the squares l1 and l2
'Install a readline hook on the current platform.'.
'Try to get an IPv6 socket.
'Check if a port is open'.
'Create a WSGIApplication instance.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Build a bulk package from a
'Given a module name, find and return a module object.'.
'Parse an rgb tuple into an rgba tuple.'.
'Strips a group name from a string.
'Creates a disk from the given VM and Linode ID.
'Calculate the loglikelihood of a single observation.
'Delete a dashboard. DCNL name DCNL The name of the dashboard to delete. DC
'Create a new canvas and return it.
'Initialize the test client and return the client test.'.
'Returns an MD5 hash of the given word.
'Prepend the www component of a URL to the beginning of the URL'.
'Given a field name and a list of rows, return a list of matching rows DCNL
'Returns a list of all themes directories.'.
'Return the literal value of a TGrep node.
'Fixture providing a keyhint widget.'.
'yaml: heavy-job DCNL Set the priority of the heavy job.
'Returns the uplink portgroup with the specified name in the dvs.
'Get the parent module of the given level, if it exists, and return it.
'Verifies that the given bucket is writable.
'Registers file extensions in the registry.
'Convert a bytestring to a unicode string, if possible.
'Return True if *args* is a valid URL.
'Set the CHOST variable DCNL Return a dict containing the new value for variable:: DC
'Summarize the activations. DCNL :param activations: A list of activation
'Get NIC stats (isup, duplex, speed, mtu).'.
'Refine the value to a reasonable default string.'.
'Returns the scene numbering, based on the scene numbering indexer'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Check if the given method is a static method in the given class.'.
'Initialize a GTF gamestate.'.
'Callback for generation of client libraries.'.
'Set SSL certificate for site'.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Removes device prefix from device name, e.g.
'List all available nameservers.'.
'Converts an IPv6 address in printable representation to RFC DCNL 1924 Compact
'Return a SQLAlchemy query object for the given session and model.'.
'Sort a list of records in chunks by key.
'Create all needed directories in base_dir.
'Return the tree types.'.
'Return an iterator to the list of containers on the minion DCNL host DCNL The host
'Return the name of an instance, or None if it\'s not an instance.'.
'Open the current buffer in an editor, and then accept the action.'.
'Given a domain name, return the ARN.
'Set movie position. DCNL.
'Builds the VM create spec.'.
'Loads all the summary protobufs for the given application.
'Restore PyOpenSSL-backed SSL-support methods from urllib3.'.
'Perform logarithmic interpolation. DCNL Parameters DCNL x: array-like DC
'Returns True if nodes is an independent set of nodes.
'Get the bitmap of a layer.'.
'Returns a virtual network\'s ID from the given virtual name.
'Renders the financial assistance page.'.
'Remove an IIS site.
'Returns a semantic version string from VERSION.'.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL running.
'Parses the version string into a tuple of integers.'.
'Return the multiplication of a and b.
'Language 0'.
'Returns the value of the given webattack vector, or None if the vector is not a
'Compute the regularization.'.
'Send a query to the REST API and return the response'.
'Ensure that the named index template is absent. DCNL name DCNL The name
'Create a QPalette with the specified color.'.
'Check to make sure the link is present'.
'Test invisible elements.'.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a xquartz image.'.
'Parse a group id into an integer gid.
'Return True if we\'re running in standard mode.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Get the pre data for a given job id'.
'Return the number of logical CPUs in the system'.
'Test that uniform random variables can be used in serial.'.
'Writes the given string to the given file.
'Return a copy of *arys* where *arys* is 1d
'Check the output of a subprocess.Popen and return it.
'Encode and decode data from the command line'.
'Task time slot view'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Return the size of a file, in bytes.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\'.
'Returns a list of (x, y) coordinates where x is the distance from the har
'Encode a topo array into a binary image.'.
'Pickle-dump data to filename'.
'Use Basic Logger.'.
'Validates that the device and the partition are valid.
'Return a list of URLs for messaging.'.
'Truncates alert to a maximum number of bytes.
'Return the path to the gdb binary.
'Decode 7l7777m to 32bit integer.'.
'Recursively sub-dictionaries in a list'.
'Return rar version'.
'Like Django\'s ``reverse``, but passes the request to the appropriate DCNL Reverse
'Redirects to the given location, with the given code.'.
'Scenario tags should not be empty after the email'.
'Generate SSH key.'.
'Set the default load strategy for the given attribute.'.
'Enter an XML in advanced problem.'.
'Renders a boolean icon based on its type'.
'Return a list of SQL statements required to remove all data from DCNL all tables in the
'Upload an image stream optimized to disk.'.
'Loop over the stream.
'Compute the inverse QTransform of a translation matrix.
'Generate targets for a given source file.
'Main program.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller for the twitter inbox DCNL.
'List all users belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt myminion
'Destroy the virtual machine.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter.'.
'Return True if `w` is a dyad-weight.'.
'Check if obj is in nested list'.
'Bump version.'.
'Convert a Python object to a BSON object.'.
'Check if the console is logged in DCNL :param console: The console to check DC
'Parse a Flask response'.
'Validate the read preference option'.
'Execute a plugin'.
'Check that fit returns self.'.
'Load the ldconfig cache, if it isn\'t there already.'.
'Return -1 if ``f`` < = ``g``.
'Make a slug for a list item.
'Parse a version string into a Version object.
'Only load this module if m2 is installed'.
'Returns the intersection of the two lists.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the document'.
'Import a Python object given its fully qualified name.
'Returns a list of primary key names for the given SQLAlchemy model.
'MODIFY Section 9.3.11'.
'Swaps the X-API host in a given URL.
'Extract a snapshot from disk to disk image DCNL disk_path: Path to disk image
'Returns the diff matrix along the given axis.
'Get a list of domains from a certificate.
'Checks if the given user and group own the given symlink.
'Iterates over all configured servers'.
'Return the number of physical CPUs.'.
'Setup the Universal Media platform.'.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL reopens a storage pool DC
'Quit the web server'.
'Return a list of binaries (filename, inst_dir) for the supplied directory.'
'Returns True if `nupicbindingsprerelease` is installed.
'Stage the platform hpp file'.
'send_file(name, data) DCNL send_file(name, data)
'Checks if a dhcp option exists.
'Create a blob in the given bucket and upload the contents.'.
'Return a list of the positive integers in the argument'.
'Highlights all macros in the context.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Test ad-hoc covariance.'.
'Make a report with raw stats'.
'Hazard: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Test copy_transpose on n-dimensional arrays.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Adds upgrade data to the upgrade table.
'Load a template from the template directories.
'Remove all handlers from the app'.
'Smooth a gcode linear move text.'.
'Add a help menu.'.
'Generates a report on graph size parameters DCNL unique_kmers: list of k
'Find out what items are documented in the given files.
'Check if a string is valid XML'.
'Import a module or skip a skipped test if it\'s out of date.
'Run a naive sync request for one or more URLs.
'Return a list of most recent exercises by user.'.
'Return a list of search paths to include in the header.
'Setup the flux light platform.'.
'wilks_lambda(er, ef, dfnum, dfden) ->
'Validate that dtype_set is a subset of string dtypes.
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Update one or more songs in the plex section.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'This is the main function for Backups'.
'Convert float x to datetime in the given time zone.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show an affinity group\'s properties DC
'Returns a string that translates \'fromstr\' to \'tostr\'.'
'Reads a checksum from the specified target.
'Mute a string so that it ends with a newline.'.
'Sign up and verify user. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'Remove leading and trailing whitespace from a string.'.
'Determine if a path is unsaved.
'Log an unknown attribute.
'Return a SQLAlchemy session.'.
'Convert a datetime to a timestamp protobuf.
'Generate a random hex string.'.
'Wrapper around ndb.toplevel.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'Read the content of a file from the cache.
'Generate an array of unicode characters.'.
'Stop the inspector associated with a Context'.
'Test equalization of channels.'.
'Return a list of service specific service parameters.
'Returns True if all of the children of the given xblock are visible to specific content groups
'Generate a string of random characters.'.
'Update cached bandwidth usage for an instance\'s network and cell.
'Creates and returns a handle to a base cipher.
'Helper method to call the XenHost plugin.'.
'Convert the xml element to a name.'.
'Takes a list of integers and converts them into strings.
'Runs the managementfeed demo'.
'Return a new SQLAlchemy engine.'.
'Submit a condor job to condor DCNL Args: DCNL external_id (
'Remove samples of a given path'.
'Returns a function that decodes a string using the given decoding function.
'Returns a fake site name.
'Sends a signal to the daemon with the given name and arguments.
'Unpack an epochs object into a list of epochs.
'Parse a method descriptor.
'Return ``True`` if the specified service is available, ``False`` otherwise DC
'[channel] <user> - removes <user> from <user> in [channel],
'Output the graph for HTML.
'Convert a list of strings to a list of tuples. DCNL :param str v
'Asserts that the given clock is idle during the test phase.'.
'Checks to see if a PayPal ID is valid.
'Print a message to stderr if we haven\'t already.'.
'Returns a dict of announcements and a flag indicating whether DCNL they should be shown or
'Converts arg into a key or raises an exception.
'Make a dict with keys \'chrome\' and \'saucelabs\' with
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Test converting a FITS header to a SIP file.'.
'is_puiseux(p, x) -> bool DCNL True is p is
'Return a list of dicts from colnames and rows.'.
'Returns a form class that is a copy of `form_class` with a DCNL
'idlist : idlist COMMA id'.
'Ensure attribute doesn\'t compile empty strings'.
'Read head shape.'.
'Normalize and reduce a list of paths.
'Return OVFOs name ID for given flavor.'.
'Returns the betweenness of a source node.'.
'Return buffer size (in bytes) for given interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a diff expand link.'.
'Fix the text for inclusion in an XML document'.
'Return the shortest path from `locations` to the given polyline.
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCNL smaller
'Returns the size of a queue'.
':type bot: cloudbot.bot.CloudBot'.
'Set the mtu of the device.'.
'Return the URL for the weblate documentation.'.
'Start the server with the given config parameters.
'Convert HSV tuple to RGB.'.
'Get helix path.'.
'Return a list of active child processes.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns a list of the file names in filelist'.
'Render a form field with a label for a form field.'.
'SciPy\'s eye function.
'Discard the response body and return a deferred which will be called with the response.'.
'Makes a suite from a Hist.'.
'Restrict the dimensions of a dataset to a given fold.
'Return a list of datasets for the given LDDAs'.
'Deletes task from memory'.
'Return a volume flow for the given host and ref.'.
'It should clone the repository at the given URL if it is in the given DCNL repository
'Get the weight attribute of the persisted_block if it exists, else None.'.
'split(string, sep) -> list of strings DCNL Split the given string on the
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement SEMI'.
'Write all the data to a descriptor.'.
'Generates a random string of length x from the given strings.'.
'Sync all the modules, grains, runners, pillars and other data to the master
'Perform the setup for Envisalink binary sensors.'.
'Deletes a volume type.'.
'Returns True if x is arraylike, False otherwise.'.
'Create a new resource_type'.
'Decompose a base expression into a (base, exp) pair using the rational DCNL
'Create a private IP for a VM DCNL linode_id DCNL The ID of
'Return the version as a string, e.g.
'Returns True if the finding matches the given filter.
'Parse the sshpw line'.
'Add word vectors to the vocabulary.'.
'Checks if a string is a valid image name.
'Get userSocialAuth object from running pipeline object'.
'Given a backends list and a plugins list, load the plugins and the build DCNL
'Creates a Tensor of the given dimension.'.
'Return the salt interface'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Download the file at the given URL to the given filename.
'Return the executable for the given PID'.
'Returns detailed message about unhandled exception'.
'Create a new model class by unpickleing the model\'s attributes.
'Get the full URL for a given server name, server port and relative URL.'.
'Determines if the command is from one of the given apps.
'Check if gzipped bgzf has a bug in it\'s original form.'.
'NCName is defined in http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-
'Get a list of mirrors for a git checkout.
'Return an SSL adapter class by name.
'List items in a queue'.
'Convert a file path to a file URI.'.
'Check and process options paths.'.
'Takes a list of applications and flattens it into a single flat DCNL dictionary
'Get the application ID for the given ios device.'.
'the derivative of the standard deviation function DCNL Parameters DCNL y : float DCNL the
'Add a new fossil segment to the given powerline.
'Returns configuration value for the given name or default value.'.
'definition_token : definition_token COMMA definition'.
'Raises Invalid if the given user_id does not exist in the database.'.
'Evaluate the given image.
'Decorator for parameterized test with signed dtypes.'.
'Return the predicted value for a given model and model type if the DCNL model is of
'Run a web server listening on a given port.
'Validate a sound. DCNL :param sound: Sound to validate DCNL Return None if
'Replaces characters that can\'t be found in a string with a single space.'.
'Delete Filesystem'.
'Returns true if the given private variable is visible to the current scope.
'Try to print the data to the given outputter, returning a string.'.
'Move a file from source to destination via s3.
'Initialize console logging.'.
'Base64 encode attachments. DCNL :param mime_message: MIME message instance DCNL
'Convenience function for blending two or more colors.'.
'Setup supervisor for bench'.
'Find the index of the leftmost value in a less than or equal to x.'.
'assignment_expression : assignment_expression RPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'RESTful CRUD controller for Institutions'.
'Execute a runner on the master and return the data from the runner DCNL command DCNL
'Print out the differences between the two dictionaries and the database.
'Read a screed file and yield (record_index, record, partition_id
'Wrapper around traceback.format_exception that prints the last line DCNL of the traceback
'Get weather forecast for a given location.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns list of students in given student batch'.
'Set the backend policy for ELB.
'Clear all variables from __context__'.
'Refine an expression with the given assumptions.
'Add a package to the package list.'.
'Returns an instance of the HTTP connector.'.
'Creates a filter for all tasks in the repository.
'Returns a serialized type with the template for the given types.'.
'Fail acquire_settings, raising an assertion error if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Sends an order email.
'Decode task payload. DCNL :param task: Task instance DCNL :type task:
'Generate a random filename.'.
'Returns the host and port of a given url'.
'List all packages on the REST server'.
'If there is a closing bracket, move the open bracket to the end.'.
'Runs the install or uninstall function depending on the arguments.
'Return the number of files in a given file size.'.
'Returns the URL for a given review request.'.
'Encode a binary string using the Base64 alphabet.
'Compute the object sha1. DCNL :param type: The type of the object DC
'Expand environment variables and user home in given path.
'Get a local service object.
'Returns True if there is at least one field with the given name in the DCNL given
'Create a topic. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL CLI Example
'Runs the given function with the given session and task.'.
'Return netstat information for Linux systems'.
'Restrict the keys in a dictionary to those in keys'.
'service : IDENTIFIER \'=\' field_seq \';\''.
'Convert an exception to a tuple of excinfo or failure.'.
'Calculate the power of a normal with size nobs, DCNL effect_size:
'Creates an MS SQL password based on the given password and salt.
'Returns the configuration of the device.
'Safe version of py.io.saferepr.'.
'Add two images.
'Match the current metric against a given regular expression.
'Returns a list of available locales.'.
'Check that divmod returns the same result as a regular graph.'.
'Fixture providing a base key parser.'.
'Create a glance metadata entry for the specified volume.'.
'Return the number of a month by name'.
'Formats the variable according to the arg, a string formatting specifier.
'Get Legendre polynomial generator.'.
'Run command.'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Returns the default site for the given app name.
'Download Setuptools.'.
'Returns a user\'s flags page.
'Computes the error rates.'.
'Convert from cartesian to polar to 2pi.'.
'Create a new thinned volume group.
'Returns the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the given repository if it DCNL includes
'Return a mock for requests.get().'.
'Ensure that the named database is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Return an array of one values.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Convert a POSIX path to an absolute path.
'initialise module'.
'Test that univariate normals can be calculated'.
'Given a list of unread queries, insert or delete them, and optionally DCNL mutate the
'Creates an identity matrix of length n.
'Get the evaluated value as a float by keys.'.
'Receives a message when a job was approved.
'Get the training model.
'Crops image to square.
'Get or create the profile for this user.'.
'Get information about available memory. DCNL.
'Fixture providing a shell object.'.
'Get the XRDS document provider'.
'Send python arguments to spyder'.
'Context manager to temporarily enable named outer atomic cache. DCNL :param names: DCNL
'Print a note to the log if there is one.'.
'Return current day of the week DCNL >>> this_week_day(1) DCNL >>>
'Split a low-level tag into its components.'.
'<url> [custom] - shortens <url> with [custom] as custom'
'Write data to a file DCNL :param path: Path to the file DCNL :
'Reverse the path. DCNL :param path: Path to reverse DCNL :type path
'Returns the secondary language of the current site.'.
'Gets an account from the database or returns None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Module setup'.
'Parses a simpleflake and returns a Simpleflake struct.'.
'Given a JSON room object and a room_from_url, return a dictionary of stream
'Gemm from node 2: DCNL Return (rval, time_boot_
'Writes text to the stdout'.
'Parse game player stats from JSON'.
'Colorize a string. DCNL.
'Main entry point for the script.'.
'Return the root directory of the zipline executable.
'Set the memory limit for this process.
'Returns the identificator\'s name in a human-readable way'.
'Parses the locale code for localename and returns the DCNL result as tuple (language
'Return True if x is an iterator, False otherwise.'.
'Context manager that temporarily disables all of the handlers for a logger.'.
'Converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template.
'>>> f() DCNL 1 DCNL 2 DCNL 1 DCNL 2 DC
'Show the details of an SSH keypair'.
'Take a list of lists and unzip it into a list of lists.'.
'Determine if an image can be extended.
'Test format_pep8.'.
'Detach a load-balancer from an ELB.
'Parse the stories into a list of (substory, q, a) tuples.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Calls the Vk API'.
'Downloads the content of a file. DCNL :param request: The request object used
'Returns the first element of a list as a string, followed by the last element'.
'Stop the geoserver.'.
'Return a list of (path_components, full_path) pairs for the given path
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Set the SELinux state of the named
'Get the RVM details.
'Call a function or callable with the given arguments.
'Returns the variance of the directional elements of X.
'Wrapper for functions that return an AStroid object.'.
'Return the number of messages stored in the response cookies.
'Extract the path and query component from a full URL.
'Returns the currently logged-in user.
'Given a list of version strings, return a list of the windows version.
'Remove a section from an ini file.
'Turn on/off debugging.
'Removes all self-dependencies from the given targets.
'Return True if the marker is invalid, False otherwise.'.
'pack(x) -> list DCNL Convert x into a list of 1-tuples
'Formats a single FASTQ record.'.
'Takes a string and replaces spaces by a single space DCNL :param string
'Handle TkError'.
'Checks if a cache policy header is valid.
'Get poems from the given host and port and invoke DCNL callback(poem)
'Test human-readable formatting'.
'Adds a rate limit rule to the rules.'.
'Try to delete any empty folders in check_empty_dir DCNL check_empty_
'Finish collecting epochs.'.
'.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen DCNL The ``expr_form`` argument
'Helper function for regex_iptables_save that filters the output.'.
'Read Julian tag.'.
'Decodes utf-8 value to unicode.'.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Restores a ring starting at start_idx into img.
'Obtain OS version from show version string.
'Quote a string for inclusion in a URL.
'Quote a string for use in a comment.
'Adds a new domain to the bench'.
'List all users'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Load all certificates in the specified directory.
'Get all members in a hash.
'Convert a list of integers into a hex string.'.
'Ensure that set dates are set correctly.'.
'Takes a list of column values and concatenates them into a single string.'.
'Resolve a symlink, raising an error if it is already present.'.
'Inflate a base64 encoded string.'.
'Returns the Unicode Q-Ratio of the two strings s1 and s2.
'Parse an authentication header into a user and password.'.
'Removes all values along an axis from a tensor.
'Clear the password for a server.'.
'Term1 xor term2.
'Create a read-only memory mapped region on file \'f\'.
'Create a unique temporary file.
'Get the GCD project name from the environment.'.
'Set a value for a field in a document DCNL :param doctype: DocType
'Return the path of a jail'.
'Reload a module\'s __dict__.
'Converts a locale name to a language name.'.
'Returns the last component of a path'.
'Tests that regression can be performed'.
'Derivative of the Spherical Bessel function of the second kind.
'Create the backends for OpenShift.
'Enable all the given objects.'.
'Sets the current nick to the current WOEID.'.
'Copy state of ``source`` to ``dest``.
'Helper function for update_raw_proj.'.
'Test that vcs url normalization does not break installation'.
'Returns the current locale, or the default locale if it is not DCNL in locales.'
'Resizes an image to the specified dimensions.
'Decode a BSON timestamp to bson.timestamp.Timestamp.'.
'Prepends the HTTP protocol if the value is a URL.'.
'Return (user, token) from the environment.
'Create the image assemble error status. DCNL Args: DCNL status: the status dict
'Create a lineage for the given test file.'.
'Returns the negotiated authentication value for the given response.
'Check if the user is allowed to access the site.'.
'Convert a media size string to a long integer.'.
'Get the position of the current loop within the context.'.
'Print summary of installation. DCNL :param hosts: List of :class:`Installable
'Return a human-readable string representation of a duration'.
'Set up the salt environment if it\'s not in __salt__'.
'Configure logging.'.
'Adds the header `hdr: value` with the response.'.
'Converts a IP address range to a list of network addresses.
'Decodes a Base64 encoded string into chops. DCNL.
'Check config file for client options'.
'Get all networks by cidr address.'.
'Test that ErfInv and GpuElemwise work with gpu ops'.
'Makes tags available in AWS API format.
'Resets the globals for the test session.'.
'Find starting line numbers for the given code object. DCNL :param code: Code object
'Send product alerts for all active products'.
'Run ``cmd`` if the target is outdated in the deps list.
'Tests that we can parse null as None.'.
'Warn if any targets are missing.'.
'Reset warnings.'.
'Simple function to return if host is NetBSD or not'.
'This is a no-op.'.
'Greatest common divisor using Euclid\'s algorithm.'.
'Lookup an encoding. DCNL Returns None if the encoding cannot be resolved.'.
'Create a new branch in the local repository.
'Get version number from config file'.
'Returns True if the given ip address is valid, otherwise False.'.
'Calculate the precipitation of the given coils.'.
'Check if a package is about to be upgraded after an upgrade.'.
'Get the poudriere options from salt.'.
'Wrapper around call_command_threaded or call_command_subprocess that doesn\'
'Create a cascade of applications based on a list of configuration values.
'Delete a draft from the schedule.'.
'Returns ``K[x]`` where ``x`` in ``K[x
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Find the parent of the element with the given tag. DCNL.
'Prints a prettyprinted version of `args` to stderr.'.
'binhex(infilename, outfilename): create binhex-encoded copy of a file
'Get OpenShift version from environment variables.'.
'Returns the Document controller for the given DocType.
'Create a neural model.'.
'Duplicate a media. DCNL.
'Set the given properties on a floating ip and update it.
'Clean up after test teardown.'.
'Creates a key. DCNL :param app: The application name. DCNL :
'Imports a file from the filesystem.
'Return True if title node is acceptable'.
'Create a kegg-link between two databases.
'Remove the named service from the system.
'Parse a Subject object into a dict'.
'Convert a string representation of a function to a function object.'.
'Sends video status updates to frontend'.
'Edit the coordinator of a dataset.'.
'Setup the amcrest sensor platform.'.
'Load dictionary'.
'Ports all the entities into the Datastore.'.
'Check that d1 and d2 are within epsilon of each other.'.
'statement : EQUALS INTEGER'.
'Return the name of the current branch, or None if no branch is active.'.
'Given a list of functions and a list of together lists, add the together list.'
'Soft plus activation function DCNL Parameters DCNL x : theano tensor DCNL Theano
'Install the Kqueue reactor.'.
'Sends a message on a fanout exchange with a specific topic.'.
'take values from indices'.
'Returns document mapping documents for the given topics and products.
'Returns a list of tuples (image_id, image_label) for display in
'Converts a string to a word sequence. DCNL Args: DCNL text (str
'Add an interface to an existing instance. DCNL.
'Return the x value of a smooth step between edge0 and edge1.
'Remove the given package from the filesystem DCNL name DCNL The package to remove DCNL
'given a sequence of positional and dictionary values, returns an iterator that yields the DCNL
'Ensure a job is disabled in the schedule DCNL name DCNL The name of
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``searchadd
'Return True if the page is 404'.
'Return true if the given title is a series/episode.'.
'Inserts the default command-line options into sys.argv'.
'Test syncing a contact.'.
'A list comprehension of the form [xp for fp in it if test
'Clear the cache for a placeholder.'.
'Crypts the given Python source code.
'Saves forum role for given course_key and name.
'A task that runs in the background.'.
'Get previous media list player instance. DCNL.
'Displays whether network time is on or off.
'Teardown test fixtures'.
'Return the Max-Age header as an integer.
'Check that the list of hosts in job_dependencies are present.
'Create a sync point.'.
'>> dns_resolves <name> <ipaddress> [<name server>
'Returns True if the expr has a simple delta, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a function to be called with the config\'s get_notepad_pages function
'Removes a MySQL user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run karma.'.
'Reconstruct matrix from real ID.
'Find a multipart/form-data post boundary.
'Register a new serializer.
'Returns the singleton Scm object.'.
'Returns whether the user has access to the given discussion_id.
'Git checkout with non-editable egg contains dev string'.
'Load dependencies of a package.
'Obtain a certificate from a Lineage object'.
'Generate a challenge'.
'record payment info if enabled'.
'Return True if the file name matches the template file type.'.
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a dash character (\'--\') followed
'Evaluates the CDF of the standard deviation.
'enumerator_list : enumerator'.
'Split code at show.
'Convert an arbitrary string to a standard ``extra``.'.
'Generate art URLs for an album\'s Asin.'.
'Restore a saved image to its original state.
'Computes (d, l, k) for the GCD of a and b.
'Generate a random string.'.
'Issue: https://github.com/google/google-gmail/issues/46
'CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9.1.17'.
'Return a string that is longer than `keep_header` and `keep_trailer
'Returns the download_url when the BatchJob is complete.
'Load the raw lib of a pycryptodome module'.
'Return a list of users with MFA permissions.
'Merge a list of segments into a list of smaller ones.
'Try to find a module by fullname, searching recursively for the path.
'Extract entities from a template.
'Delete from the cursor to the end of the line and yank back.'.
'Return True if the given file name is an archive file.'.
'Read a text file into a list of character strings.'.
'Helper function for data_if. DCNL Replaces entity references with entity names that are
'Test either if an error is raised when the priors have more than DCNL one value
'Group List'.
'Apply multiplication operators to an expression.
'Encode bson.float.Float.'.
'Remove a module from the virtualenv DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Finds package data. DCNL Returns: DCNL {\'package_data\':
'SaleOrder index page'.
'Assign elements of llst[lslices] to rlst[rslices].
'Generate a path between two rules.'.
'Add the modification time of a file to every node in the document.
'Create the sqlcmd config directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Concatenate lists into a single list.
'Create the figure.'.
'Histograms plot'.
'Sample a sphere with given number of points.'.
'for testing'.
'Create a trials instance from a collection of test documents.
'Get the string representation of this object.'.
'Helper function for prefetch_related_objects DCNL Performs prefetches on all instances using
'Return an unmasked version of the image.
'Elementwise sigmoid function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME
'Returns the architecture to use when creating an image.
'Get the parts of a path, inserting the parent path at the end.'.
'Open a resource file for reading.
'Disable tracing of the application.'.
'Recovers constants in Python source.
'Print a summary of a worker'.
'Returns a list of all stylesheet files found in the given settings'.
'Return True if node is an ancestor of frame'.
'Return the key type of a given key object.
'Create a new collection instance'.
'Add intersections of the loop with the x segment.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Same as a - b.'.
'Run a command on multiple app servers.
'Check the status of a QDataStream.
'Remove stale cached streams.'.
'Enumerate all services'.
'Transform a docstring into a Sphinx docstring and add the first DCNL name
'Grab the certbot log'.
'Sends an API POST request and acts as a generic formatter for the JSON response.
'Combines the common sections into a single list'.
'Iterate over a range of bytes starting at offset until EOF.'.
'Loads data from both files and concatenates them into a single vector.
'Saves the given content to the given store, DCNL and returns the location of the
'Returns True if the cookie for the given response exists, False otherwise.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Returns a dictionary with the fields of the given object, except for fields DCNL primitives
'Send a report to Nagios when changes are detected.'.
'Encode the message\'s payload in quoted-printable.'.
'Transfer the closest remaining path.'.
'Checks whether user can commit translation for given project.'.
'Test that xmllint can be run.'.
'Recursively generate subdocuments of document for each field in fields_chain.
'Return a new reference to a return type.'.
'Remove all keys from the redis database'.
'Returns the value of a form field with the specified DCNL css_selector'.
'Get the SASL mechanisms from the SASL feature.'.
'Checks if the connection has a given method.'.
'User\'s email is verified.
'Marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped.'.
'Accept or reject an invitation.
'Converts a value to a float.
'Test reconstruction with an array of all zeros.'.
'Deserialize count specs into a dict.'.
'Creates a DOT representation of a variable.
'Log a single character.'.
'Return proxy functions'.
'Get a list of colors for a given channel.
'Sums the sum of boolean values.
'Get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path.'.
'Compute the truncation of ``f``.
'Determine the prefix to use for the hadoop binary.
'Unregister a class loader.
'makeldreduced - run pruned, in infpath, outfpath, and
'Restart project'.
'Loads the dataset in /tmp/test.pickle'.
'Creates a new TensorVariable that retains dimensions of x and y.
'Run the network and write results to writer.'.
'rss <address> -- parses <address> for an RSS feed'.
'Get a subscription for the given document.
'Sends a login redirect email to the given output file'.
'Removes a database from the MySQL server.
'Un-escape a string. DCNL >>> re_unescape(\'a\')
'Veoh\'s download by item id DCNL :param item_id: The
'Test getting completion for zsh.'.
'Set the nodetype for the instances.'.
'Generate a project cert subject string.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'seen_union : seen_union IDENTIFIER'.
'Return the name of the cell at rowx, colx where r1c1 is
'Returns the currently logged-in user or None if there is no user.'.
'Create and return formatters'.
'Equity view'.
'Move d1[k] to d2[k] DCNL Parameters DCNL k
'Fixture providing a line edit widget.'.
'Set the image dimension ordering.
'Builds the vmdk create spec.'.
'Get the SOAP Accessor'.
'Stat a process'.
'Build the sdist for a Python package.
'Generate the readme for a sample.'.
'Find the creation sequence for a graph.
'Creates GAF-by-Prot-Einiterator instance from a gaf
'Decodes a BSON stream into a Python object.
'Read authorized keys from filepaths.
'Retrieve an object based on its SHA1.
'Create a temporary CA file from a list of anchors.
'Read a key from redis and dispatch a value'.
'Return True if the given exception is an HTTP unavailable exception.'.
'Test text of percentage.'.
'Test the HTTP request handler class.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value\'s length is less than or equal to the argument
'RELEASE COMPLETE Section 9.1.11'.
'Verify that the values in the config are valid for the given opts'.
'Iterate over a tree of nodes.
'Return True if the given string is lowercased.
'Return the hosts file'.
'[channel] - quiets [channel], or in the caller\'s channel if no channel
'Return a cached copy of the module in dirname.
'Returns link to attach to a document'.
'Helper for GitHub webhooks.'.
'Converts a date to a string in the format YYYY-MM-DD'.
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement SEMI'.
'Log a message about bugdown'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return metadata from response headers.'.
'Import a public key.
'Computes the second derivative of the Hessian with respect to scale.'.
'Return a generator for the zipfile.
'Select the `n` smallest values from `series`.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Return the issue line for a given issue with its tags.'.
'Return a state tag for the given low value.'.
'Get RDP console for a server.'.
'Find any empty alt images in the given content.'.
'Refresh the beacons configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Event handler that checks to see if the given parameter is a valid URI parameter.
'Return a compiled re object for a search query.
'Enables deprecations as exceptions.
'Decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence DCNL
'Get the source code for an object.
'It should not install a package if it\'s always from the cache.'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.TextField``.'.
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and
'Converts a tensor to a dense tensor.
'Add a neighbour entry. DCNL :param ip_address: IP address of entry to
'List volumes DCNL filters DCNL Filters out which volumes are visible DCNL CLI Example
'Reduce elems using fn to combine them from right to left. DCNL # Arguments DC
'Set setting dictionary to a setting line.'.
'Search exit status code when no package found'.
'Add collar and shaft.'.
'Delete all objects in a given S3 bucket.
'Make system standby'.
'Returns complete mode info for the given course.
'Compress `body` at the given compress_level.'.
'Reads a file from the filesystem.
'This recursively calls one_file_or_folder() on the given folder.
'Combines two datetimes in the current time zone.'.
'Return true if the object is a mapping (dict etc.).
'Moves a mine at a given coordinate.'.
'SaleOrder open'.
'Read a Python code object from a file.
'Check if snappy is installed'.
'Return the basename of a pathname.
'Test wavefront writing.'.
'Reverses an integer whose bits are the same as the integer in Python.'.
'Elementwise cosine function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_i =
'Consume all subscriptions for the given topic.'.
'Convert a dictionary to a string.
'Detach an ENI from a network interface.
'Ensure that the named stack is absent.
'Plots a pdf with the given options.'.
'Configures a Service instance using the OpenStack options.
'Return a dictionary of HTTP headers parsed from the given string'.
'Consume items from a queue.
'Return a list of registered VMs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Capture a card hold in the participant\'s account.
'Determine whether a module should be kept.
'Remove quotes from a string.
'Kama Time Series'.
'Given a list of (alpha, not a) implications, return a dictionary DCNL containing
'Lists all available languages.'.
'Get the transversals from gens on base.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the public key to use'.
'Get number of available presets. DCNL.
'Sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and DCNL thousand separator setting.
'Convert cidr table columns to string.'.
'Validate that the metadata key/value pairs are ascii.
'Returns True if the given URL is unique.'.
'Setup the MQTT alarm platform.'.
'Get or create sjson for the given transcript language'.
'Return hostname'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Parses multipart headers from an iterable of (key, value) strings.
'Return the gid of this system'.
'Compile all views in the given folder.
'generic tstat pvalue'.
'Convert a tuple of (hour, minute, second) to a XLDateTime object.
'Adjust shapes and strides to match target_shape.
'Right rotates the list x by the number of steps specified DCNL in y.
'RESTful CRUD controller for the Outbound Gateway'.
'Returns a string representation of the given value.'.
'Adds an event source to the list of event sources.
'Commit the reservations back to the database.'.
'Sends flowgram spaced flowgram to socket.
'Tests that boolean columns don\'t render HTML when other columns are specified'.
'Update package database'.
'Returns the given value as a Unicode string (if possible).'.
'Create the X509 certificate chain.'.
'Calculates the cumulative density function of the Gaussian distribution.
'Return current line number.'.
'Copy original file to derived file only if it was out of date.
'Return the path from node1 to node2 to all nodes connected to node1.
'Set user password DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a PatchSet from a string.
'Refreshes the RabbitMQ database from the RabbitMQ master.
'Filters a SFF file by a list of filters and writes the resulting file DCNL header
'Raise an HTTP exception with a web2py log message.'.
'Notify systemd that systemd is running DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Open the explorer on the current platform'.
'Test the classification with sparse and dense classifier'.
'handle return key events for GUI'.
'List all the datastores for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Move to the end of the current or previous word, downcased.'.
'Returns a list of usernames for the given user_ids'.
'Get a continuous query.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create an image DCNL CLI Example:
'B-123 basis function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'
'Convert a CXX string into an XML element.
'Add social auth backends to the context.'.
'Return the name of the current backend.'.
'Converts any string or list to ANSI escape string.
'Convert cell range string to numeric row/col pair. DCNL :param cellRange:
'Load the data and return it in training/test order.'.
'Unpack the data to a tuple of (host, connport, orighost, orig
'Get the number of polygon sides with a minimum of three.'.
'Check if bson is valid.'.
'Ensure the source file exists and is a valid sourcespace.'.
'Send an email for a user. DCNL If `dry_run` is True,
'usage: lx echo [options]'.
'Find local s3 image represented by the provided id.'.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for POSIX systems.
'Point-of-precision fraction of an array.
'Convert a glance id to an internal (db) id.'.
'Copy files from src to target_node.
'skip_test(reason) -> None DCNL Skip a test for the given reason.'
'Return a string of the form "%module %name%", where "%name
'Test deploying SS certs.'.
'Convert a sequence to a byte string'.
'Return the latest version of a class.
'Returns a list of all synonyms for the given word.'.
'Removes lines that are not JSON.'.
'Saves addon stats to file.'.
'Like mkdir -p'.
'Returns a variant by name or id'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Generate a random salt for use with salt-utils DCNL Parameters DCNL length : int
'Extract voxel time courses for each subrois index DCNL Parameters DCNL timeseries
'Sends a signal to a process DCNL :param pid: PID of the process
'Pause the pylab process for the specified amount of time.
'Convert bytes or str to str'.
'Returns an unused port on localhost.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Returns the standard error of an array.
'Return the line number of a function'.
'Restores a previously saved model.'.
'Converts a unix timestamp to a string'.
'List schedules belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt myminion
'Perform a full covariance M step.'.
'Returns the raw moment of a list of numbers.
'Read labels from the given file.
'Randomly sample from a normal distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL ys : array-like
'Returns the app that is running on the current platform.
'Test sample routine with regular SMOTE.'.
'Resizes a list of images.'.
'Start the TLS server for the given port.
'Returns the comment form target.'.
'Unload a module'.
'Update a quota or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return True if the given string is a keyword.'.
'Run pylint.pyreverse.'.
'Returns True if the given checknode is completed.'.
'Return 1-D array of unique values.
'Start statsd for the given path.
'Convert a language tag to a list of tags.'.
'Serial correlation function. DCNL Parameters DCNL series : Series DCNL lag : int DC
'Wait until the emulator is ready for the given prefix.'.
'Removes all leading whitespace from ``a`` and ``b``.
'Safely delete an image from the backend.
'Returns the window memory usage in MB'.
'Disable the firewall and reload the service.'.
'Pick authenticator plugin.'.
'List public IPs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Executes SQL statement.'.
'Test drawing transformed regular polygons using RegularPolygonVisual'.
'Makes a violin plot.'.
'Get an action by request_id and return it.'.
'Unregister a previously registered event handler function.
'LocalizingClient should provide a breadcrumb link'.
'Get the index of an item in a media list. DCNL.
'Edit a thread.'.
'Runs the example.'.
'Return list of available languages'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a time, if set or not nullable.'.
'Create a collection with the given label.
'Test that a non symmetric graph can\'t be constructed'.
'Pick an EEG position.'.
'Write credential data to a file in JSON format.
'Test join on an identity field.'.
'Computes the second exponential of an array or matrix.
'Add a `Bearer Token` query parameter to an HTTP body.
'Print all flaky tests.'.
'Delete an ACL token.
'Returns a dictionary of property names and values.
'Make a discrete source space.'.
'Returns the format of the comment string'.
'Flatten a message into a string.
'Return the tool shed components from the key string.
'Parse an ``Accept-*`` header.
'Runs the CLI on a given host and port.
'Validates that value is set and is of a given type.
'Decodes a single result. DCNL :param found: The result to decode DCNL
'Wrapper around do_cmd.'.
'Raise an IOError if the given path could not be opened.
'Return the group avatar url.'.
'Overlap_slices() with different dimension'.
'Return True if list is a list of GM ids.'.
'Get mask, dtype, and fill value from values DCNL Parameters DCNL values : array
'Replace special characters \'\', \'\', \'\', \'\'
'Check that JPL horizontal lines are correct'.
'Similar to the old handle, but ignores foreign keys'.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Tests approve_addons.approve_files with no review type.'.
'Join(x, axis=0) -> x DCNL Join(x, axis=0)
'Print a list of all DNS entries for a domain or an IP.'.
'Try to convert val to Enum or return val'.
'Simple function to return if host is OpenBSD or not'.
'Move file to new path DCNL :param path: Path to move DCNL :param
'Download data from a URL into a file.'.
'Create all the libraries we need to build and all the recipes in them.'.
'Returns all related topics to the given section div'.
'Change the frequency of subtitle finders.
'Create a test runner for the Django test suite.
'Convert a TaskMessage to a TaskMessage.
'Unquotes a header value.
'Create a cluster controller.
'Checks if a process with the given name is active.
'Get a component from the database via name.'.
'Returns a list of cluster init process names.'.
'Drop the channels that are common between all the candidates.
'Start worker'.
'Configures the plot with the given options.'.
'Rotate image 90 degrees clockwise'.
'year, month -> index DCNL year -> int DCNL month -> int DCNL year
'Converts a value to int.
'Makes and verify the selection for the given server_root'.
'Build a mime multipart message containing the given images.'.
'Removes a user from another user.
'Parse a query into a query object.
'Given a list of allocations, return a dict mapping resource_provider.uuid to the
'Create a time mask from an array of times.
'Return True if text is a URL.'.
'makedirs(path [, mode=0777]) DCNL Like mkdir -p DC
'Returns the seed to use for random number generators.
'Get all virtual interfaces.'.
'Get the list of files in the given HTML file.'.
'Return True if the given date/time matches the given kwargs.
'Convert color temperature to rgb.'.
'Retrieve the Milestone for the given content key.
'Raise a ValueError if the keys don\'t exist.'.
'Recursively reduces dicts and lists by matching names.
'Determine if a cluster should be considered as a slave based on property range.'.
'Return True if the argument is a task module.'.
'Return a file object for the given filename, or None if the file does not exist.'
'Return True if the two values are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Wait until a server is listening on given port.
'Given a domain name, return the root domain (e.g.
'Return a dictionary with information about the system'.
'Returns the difference between two SciPy matrices.
'Compute the centrality scores for each variable.
'Test whether a path is a directory.'.
'Validates that the scale values are valid for plotly.
'Load a countgraph from a file.
'Return a list of all terms that are essential to l1.
'Makes a reference group.'.
'Populate database with data from `filename`'.
'Get instance type by flavor id.'.
'Checks that the current user is logged in.'.
'Convert a unix timestamp to a datetime object'.
'Import and return a list of classes from a module.
'Unpack a bitstring into a list of booleans'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``prioid {
'Check if a directory in subjects_dir has a BEM file for a given subject.
'Uses the TextAnalyzer API to analyze text files in a directory.
'Returns the given HTML with all tags stripped.'.
'Look up an object by name.
'Convert a string-like object to a tzinfo object.
'Checks if user has access to the course.
'modify 1000 units at a time'.
'Makes a request to the REST API given a host, a path and a dict of
'Returns the rerun link for a particular course item.'.
'Check if nictag exists on the computenode DCNL nictag : string DC
'Add tools to the tool manager.
'Returns a fresh output manager instance'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Builds the headers needed to authenticate the API call.'.
'Set Tax and Charges'.
'Determine if the given kex algorithm is an elliptic curve.
'Determine if a point is inside a polygon.
'Allow CTRL+C to be passed to CTRL+C.'.
'Update a draft registration DCNL Return serialized draft registration DCNL :rtype: dict'
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Ensure the site service is enabled.'.
'Apply samplewise standard normalization to each element of the array.
'Compare common files in two directories.
'Check if the user is allowed to read the content of a form, and if so,
'Get the google word2vec w matrix.'.
'Return the version of dll.'.
'Writes a CSV file containing the course block details.
'yield an empty list'.
'Clears the persistent graph cache for the current user.'.
'Validates the check flags.'.
'Returns a matrix of size num_rows, num_cols with entry_fn'.
' equate the points.'.
'Print a test result.'.
'Context manager to temporarily block Qt signals.'.
'Maps an application error to a blobstore specific error.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally saving
'Return (uri, headers, body).'.
'Ensures that the default security group is created.'.
'Block the current greenlet until *io* is ready to read or DCNL complete.
'Returns the RMSE of the results, given the true_params.'.
'Test trailing spaces in row definition'.
'Escape a string for use in an RFC 3986-compliant request.
'Convert image to other format.'.
'Get the QOS policy group name from a volume'.
'Display a crash file DCNL :param crashfile: Path to the crash file DCNL
'Returns a zipfile containing the zone information.'.
'Creates an event object for the current thread.
'Logout handler - logs out a user from the Subject'.
'Make text into a single-quoted YAML string.'.
'Synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal sinusoidal
'Raises a `~astropy.io.votable.exceptions.VO
'Parse a package name and version. DCNL Returns: DCNL (name, version)
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_long4(StringIO.StringIO
'Return the difference of elements of `x` along `axis`.
'Return a platform-specific source file name.'.
'Creates a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add an entry to the chkconfig daemon'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Sets the value for the rc
'Runs at initial setup, if any.
'Return the format name for a given stream.'.
'Find an extension ID in the high data'.
'Return a dict mapping image_id to cached images.'.
'If the url is already translated, return the original url, otherwise return DCNL the original
'Creates two locations files, one for each location.
'Test that a store_fs cannot be saved with a bad lang with store'.
'Creates the xheader to send to the notification service.'.
'Parse command-line arguments'.
'toggle data register D6 bit'.
'Create a string representation of attributes according to the given gff_format.'.
'Apply any overwrites to the given context.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'builds the desired face config if any'.
'Insert a document DCNL :param doc: JSON or dict object to be inserted or updated
'TODO: document this'.
'Returns True if given `ipv4_prefix` is a valid IPv4 prefix.
'Returns True if we can place the line on a single line.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Takes a list of dicts and returns a copy of those dicts, or
'Bartlett\'s HAC algorithm. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Get new derivation.'.
'Only load the module if apache is installed'.
'Removes \'remove\' from \'text\'.
'Converts an entry from JSON to a tuple of name, errorcode.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.datetime.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Takes a time tuple, returns a formatted time string.'.
'Returns XLS representation of DataFrame'.
'Parses.xpi file.
'Return all namespaces in the specified range.
'Converts an XML string into a CodesearchFeed object.
'Returns the name of the image model to use in MEDIA_ROOT.'.
'Return the load average for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Cast a value from one enum member to an integer.'.
'Remove the given namespace from the xml.'.
'Returns an ordered dict of field name -> relation info for that DCNL remote model field.
'Parse a Sphinx search index and return filenames and objects.
'Deletes an integration response for a given method in a given API DCNL CLI Example:
'Run python coverage reports'.
'Check if a tenant is absent DCNL :param keystone: Keystone object DCNL
'Find a comment from a table'.
'Builds a VM spec.'.
'Returns a list of columns that are foreign to the given base table.
'Generate the rst for all example files.'.
'This optimization replaces fill(x,y) with fill(x,y) with
'Determine if a square is occupied by another pixel.'.
'View function which handles a forgot password request.
'Identifies all names in the given code.
'Check win_pos syntax'.
'Create a SimpleFactoryCopy object from the given state.
'Computes the central moment of a list of values.
'Update the image axes with the image data.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the tail of the correlation matrix is DCNL not
'Get tri complex from transform words.'.
'Return a signature for a receipt. DCNL :param receipt: The receipt to reissue
'Ensure that salt cloud exceptions are translated to ascii.'.
'ansible ocversion main function'.
'Decode a Base64 encoded string.
'Retrieves settings from the Django settings file.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Parse a query string containing only one unique parameter.
'Converts a list of strings into a list of numeric strings.
'Decorator to mark a test as slow.
'Return True if connection can be made via ipmi, False if connection can not be made
'Return True if path starts with prefix'.
'Make a fake server transport.'.
'Convert a filename to a file-like object.
'Check that the payload version matches the collection version.'.
'Prints out the current exception\'s stack trace.
'Load a module from all apps.
'Sets an instance of :class:`Store` in the app registry.
'Read and return the contents of a file.
'Create a new virtual interface record in the database. DCNL :param values: The new
'Return True if the issue was closed, completed, and in the section it belongs to.'
'Persist a single key/value pair in the specified configuration file'.
'Destroys the dop and dot OAuth tokens.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9.1.16'.
'Test confusion_matrix with sample_weight'.
'Imports a set of beets and adds them to the set of classes.
'Start the ioloop.
'Returns the next unique id for the given model field and value.'.
'Default action which deletes the selected objects.
'Return the format name for the given format name'.
'Check that no fit attributes are set in estimator init'.
'Returns the number of CPUs in the system'.
'Create the LLVM NRT module.'.
'Calculate the average and standard deviation of a list of numbers.
'Tests that hug\'s greater than type successfully limits the values passed in'.
'Create a dataset.'.
'Waits for a server to terminate.
'Returns True if a 404 at the given URL *shouldn\'t* notify the site
'Assert a is b, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Return the full path to a yaml file based on the builtin_name and the DCNL
'Print a string to standard output.'.
'Send email notifications for all users. DCNL :param id: the id or name of
'Returns True if the exploration is rated on, False otherwise.'.
'Return the executable name of the shell command.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Find a filter that matches the given user args.'.
'Ensure auth traps are enabled.
'Update collections votes.'.
'Return a string describing an unexpected error.'.
'Upload files to S3.'.
'Convert a model class to a dictionary for JSON serialization.'.
'Returns True if the given URL is a full redirect.'.
'Adapter for search data.'.
'Returns the sum of the distributions drawn from the given distributions.
'Unpack tar/tar.gz/tar.bz2 into path.
'Return a relative path to archive_dir from_file.'.
'Return True if the variable is used in a graph.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Convert an object to a class reference.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Append the OSC message with the given data array to the given bundle.'.
'Check if a host is read from another host.'.
'Loads a Thrift definition from a file.
'Calculate the control digit for the given list of digits.
'Converts a locale into a language name (e.g.
'Decorator to skip test if predicate returns True.'.
'Callback for linkify_bounce_url.'.
'Add a host entry to the hosts file.
'Displays the current subnet name DCNL Return The current subnet name DCNL :rtype
'Create a database if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'sign_url_v2() -> sign_url_base_v2 DCNL
'Test removing a figure from a gridspec'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Get the current terminal width'.
'Enable the scheduled jobs on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set all dirty flag on or off for a given resource.
'Get the text of the document'.
'Edit an ordered product'.
'Returns a list of (id, name) tuples for each server group.
'Parses the flags subpattern.'.
'Get the number of polygon sides.'.
'load a file'.
'Return a network\'s hosts DHCP address.'.
'Load all tables in the given folder into the current database.
'Runs Markdown over a given text.
'Communicate with IGD'.
'Delete a device from Spacewalk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert Cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates.'.
'Replaces the given node with a font-sized version of Python.'.
'New folder form'.
'Return entity group kind.'.
'Create a group with a title.'.
'Returns True if the given value is a valid boolean string'.
'Return a copy of the string passed to it, with ANSI escape sequences DCNL
'Returns true if the scorer is requested for the request.'.
'Add a package lock to the system.
'Returns the type of an interface.'.
'Prepend any path options found in path_options to the root dir of the master'.
'Get the texcommand from rc'.
'Return a list of all available services.
'Get the user\'s username.
'Increase the indentation level.'.
'Normal fixed width table'.
'Generate some lorem impsum for the template.'.
'shorts ::= \'(\' short \')\' | \'[\' short
'Convert the xml element to a vertex xml element.'.
'Generate a DHCP tunnel request data.
'stmts : statement DCNL | statement'.
'Perform a single request / response cycle, returning cookie headers.'.
'Add a new BatchJob to upload operations to.
'Convert an exception to a standard errno.
'Fork a process into daemon mode.
'Compute the lookup table.'.
'Determine the default project to use.
'Forgets a canvas that has been painted.'.
'Return the output of the nested module as a string'.
'Check if two Paths are equal.
'Get an integer from the database.
'Create a tarball of the desired type DCNL :param name: The name of the
'Create a new table. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param database
'Return a set of all available plugin names.'.
'Takes a markdown string and returns a summary string.'.
'Add a dependency to the graph with the given name.
'Return the inverse of a.
'Detach a block storage volume DCNL name DCNL Name of the volume to detach DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller for the Inbox DCNL - all Inbound SMS messages are
'Select the ith smallest element from a DCNL Parameters DCNL a : list DCNL
'Test with hcae.yaml'.
'Bit ceil function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL
'Return a random time between 0 and 5 seconds since the epoch.'.
'Return a list of all defined names.'.
'Split an input list into a list, stripping leading and trailing whitespace.'.
'This function is called when the user clicks \'index\' button.
'Decompression using the LZS algorithm.
'Time Series Moving Average'.
'Set the verbosity of colorfulpyprint.
'Test has_at_least_one_key.'.
'Generate an interkey interval.'.
'Convert a scene\'s show name to a normal show name.'.
'Return True if MNE_C is in use.'.
'Checks if the current user has given permission on the given view.'.
'Returns the receiver\'s function and its return code.
'Returns the brick annotation for a variable.'.
'Find the n largest elements in a dataset. DCNL Equivalent to: sorted(iter
'Escape URL attributes. DCNL :param attr: string DCNL :param safe_mode
'Find a sample file on the system.
'<url> -- Checks if <url> is up'.
'Add path to sys.path if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Concatenate indexed dataframes DCNL dfs: list of DataFrames DCNL
'Build the resolvers based on the configuration.'.
'Extract hue frequency from Oozie frequency string.'.
'>>> t_rem("ABC") DCNL >>> t_rem(
'Get the file specification.
'Get the full URL for this request.
'Convert a UNIX timestamp to an epoch timestamp.
'Return extension.'.
'Truncates a string.'.
'Run tests in a subshell'.
'Displays a figure with the given options.
'Compute the heldout score.
'Install pyzmq'.
'Prepare an array to be used as an rgba array.
'Return a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset'.
'Get the password for a database.
'List groups for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a stack of layers from an xml element.
'Create a config for managing a cluster.
'Parse the content of an index.html file.'.
'Check for assert_true_false and assert_false_is_not. DCNL
'Returns a base64 encoded string of support data.
'Registers a flag whose value can be a string.
'Create a list of fixed ips.'.
'Test that `TypicalMemoryError` doesn\'t raise an exception'.
'condition command'.
'Generate a random unicode string.'.
'Replace os.fork() with a gevent-fork wrapper.'.
'Return a pretty-printed frame relation string.'.
'Wait for the element to be selected DCNL :param str css_selector: The selector
'Given a trail name check to see if the given trail exists.
'Suggest column names on table alias and dot DCNL when selecting multiple columns from table DC
'symbolic_factor(expr, opt, method) -> expr DCNL Evaluates the
'Migrates a VM to a host object.
'X Bit Matrix'.
'Read acceptance.yaml file and return as dict.'.
'Checks whether user can upload dictionary for given project.'.
'Verifies that the file contains no log records'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Makes sure the given time is in UTC.
'Verify that namespace packages are valid'.
'split_at_single(text [, sep [, not_before]], not
'Returns the URL for a handler for the given block.'.
'Computes the Euclidean distance between two points.
'Remove outliers from a list of sequences. DCNL seqs: list of seq
'Error when metadata migrating with a conflict is detected'.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Generate service documentation.'.
'Returns POST data'.
'Create an ImageProperty object'.
'Saves an image to a file.
'Return the distance between a line defined by (x, y) and p.'.
'Remove a leader from the group.'.
'Return a copy of the object passed in as a dictionary, safe for use as a DC
'Return the labels for the given node, or the labels for the DCNL current node if
'Checks for invalid keys in kwargs and compat_args.
'Run simple scheduler tests'.
'Test Issue #360.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid try'.
'Return the name of the current node.
'Return a measure of the similarity between two tokens.
'Displays the customer\'s billing details.
'Determine if a step type is a Spark step type.
'Build descriptor from method.'.
'Update the variable definitions in the file contents.
'Convert a file to a list of subtitles'.
'Computes the nearest-neighbor distance between a user and a set of users.
'Test baseline interpolation'.
'Load globals from filename.'.
'Corrects versions of a font.'.
'Check if we can query for journald output.'.
'Get and set IAM policy for a topic.'.
'Watch SASS and XModule assets for changes as they appear.
'Return the data disk to use'.
'Returns True if the given XML document is a VOTable XML document'.
'Takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string DCNL using values from
'Return True if the covariance matrix is stable.'.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Returns True if a < b, False otherwise.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system'.
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Sum the matrix along the given dimension, where 0 represents the leading DCNL dimension and 1
'Return a validator_data_dict for use in templates'.
'Returns all the neighbors to the given node.
'Destroy a machine by names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Plot channel layout. DCNL :param layout: Channel layout object DCNL :param show
'Hash the size and modification time of a file.'.
'Test the inverse of a compound operator.'.
'Element-wise exponentiation. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Ensure tables are loaded'.
'Capture the console log of the test.'.
'Uses HTML5lib to serialize an XML tree to a string.'.
'Return the details of a job.
'Read samples from a file and return them as numpy array.
'Return the available translation services.'.
'Get the effective router for the given appname.
'Return the XDG configuration directory.'.
'infer the compression method for filepath_or_buffer'.
'Returns the JSON from the request body.
'Decorator to mark a function or method as unauthenticated.'.
'Return True if the command succeeds, False otherwise.'.
'Get user name'.
'A task that aborts imports.'.
'Convert scopes string to a list of scopes.'.
'Extract version from /etc/version.sh'.
'Convert an boto exception to a human readable error message.'.
'Set PyBonjour DNS service'.
'Returns True if *lst* is a list of ids'.
'Authorize the application. DCNL Returns: DCNL (request_token, request_secret
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Files in incomplete add-ons should not be approved.'.
'Remove an IIS application pool.
'instantiate a proxy'.
'Test that an existing checkstyle doesn\'t match a valid one.'.
'Select a proxy for the url, if applicable.
'Returns a CookieJar from the given dictionary.'.
'A simple view that logs an error'.
'Converts a number to an integer, rounded down.'.
'Copies Document to a document_pb.Document protocol buffer.'.
'Return the path of a Python module.
'Get the max.'.
'Tries to determine the device that the user agent is from the request.
'Return the pid for a device'.
'Splits an absolute URI into (host, port, path) DCNL Arguments: DC
'Parse a cix_path and return a CIXTree instance.
'Try to decode a string using the given encoding.
'Return the name of the EMR service role.
'Validates that \'value\' is a valid integer or None.'.
'Displays a install button for the given addon.'.
'Helper function to render a template'.
'Write the contents of a ppp file to disk'.
'Return True if the named service is not available.
'Replicas index-list singleton'.
'Ensure a load balancer is absent.
'Gets an int parameter from the request, raising a 400 if it is not DCNL
'Get the score for the given block from the submissions_scores dict.
'Update the color map with the given colors.'.
'Create an AIFFM font property.
'Scans zk instances and returns a list of instances.'.
'Convert a list of 1\'s to a list of 255s'.
'Convert an IP address string to a number. DCNL >>> ip_string_to_
'Returns a dictionary of environment proxies.
'Return the basename of a path'.
'Clean up a GeoNode layer DCNL :param name: Name of the layer DCNL
'Three Side'.
'Ensure that we can connect to an instance using EC2 API'.
'Runs the example.'.
'Generate a token for use in a cookie.
'Return the absolute values of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'test axes.psd with noise stimuli'.
'Only load if the consul module is available'.
'Run pyExcel in default mode.'.
'Shutdown the connection to the proxy device.
'Return True if the given pid matches the pattern in the cmdline'.
'Returns a tornado HTTPServer object'.
'Pause for at most `n` seconds.
'Update the quota for a tenant.'.
'Move to the first line.'.
'Sprints text with colors'.
'Set the logging level.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return the current mode of the
'Get a snapshot of the current video.'.
'Returns True if the last web request resulted in an error, False otherwise.'.
'Compute power of t-test DCNL Parameters DCNL effect_size : int DCNL
'Return before block offsets.'.
'Return data from a file or URL.'.
'log.critical(msg, t=None, obj=None) DCNL Log a
'Returns the full dict for a given language'.
'Generates a sequence of (row, column) tuples from a range string.'.
'Return the targets based on the template'.
'Generate a crosstalk graph with connections.'.
'Check the given header.
'Return true if the object is a data type (e.g.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the table keys of the step'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abcdef\''.
'Read a single packet from the tftp server.
'Dump a BIFF file to a file or stdout.'.
'Get the system\'s username.
'Query vcvarsall for a particular version.
'Helper function to flatten a list of strings into a single string.'.
'Register a test function as a method on test_class.
'Return ps grains'.
'Merge two files'.
'Evaluate a script using the JavaScript interpreter.
'Reads a pickled object from the socket.
'Convert an IPv6 address in Compact Representation Notation DCNL (RFC 192
'Get an object by name'.
'Update live symlinks for certificates that have expired.'.
'Factor univariate polynomials in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'A view that returns an etag with a unquoted string as the content DCNL etag.'
'Activates a given deployment in a given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple
'Writes a cgi_response to the response.
'Update all the policy elements with the given regkey.'.
'A string is surrounded by double quotes if it is in a bash DCNL shell.'.
'Upgrades all packages to the latest available version.
'Get the profile base file name.'.
'Validate an IPv4 address and return a netmask.
'Knowledge category add'.
'Register a service in the current module.'.
'Obtain serial number from show version string'.
'Returns the absolute url for the given path.'.
'Get intersection of x intersection indexes, solid surface first.'.
'Makes n redirects.'.
'Create the masq config file.'.
'Moves a file from source to destination. DCNL :param src_path: Path
'Return a query for all reservations.'.
'Evaluate ``f(a)`` where ``f(a)`` is a
'Runs the convert_to_html function on all the markdown files in the input directory
'TV denoising for a 3D array'.
'Delete the transaction information for the given ReBalance object.'.
'Ensure that the CA filesystem exists.'.
'Determine if we should stay awake for the duration of time'.
'Test that the ICRS and ICRS transforms work as expected'.
'atom : TUPLE ID'.
'Generate the front page pngs.'.
'Log a message using the root logger.'.
'Return a list of words for the file `filename`.'.
'yaml: gitlab-notifier DCNL Set gitlab build status.
'infer the return type from the arguments'.
'Checks if value is a localizable type and returns it DCNL formatted with the appropriate
'List availability zones for this location DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dict with attributes from a ml message header.'.
'Build an iterator of XPath selector objects for the given path and namespaces.
'Test that the Nvidia shared driver can be instantiated'.
'Loads and plots the test cost and overlay.
'Return a string representing the tree details.'.
'Determine which data class to use.
'Assert that no element is found.
'Write a tty log entry.'.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL form for entering
'Parse a sorted query from a list of strings.
'Returns a unique value for the given type and id.'.
'Computes variance. DCNL Parameters DCNL xs : array-like, np.
'Return strategy name.'.
'Generate an age from an issue time'.
'Run the in-memory portal server.'.
'Test MATCH_RULES functionality.'.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Compute the residual for a given projection operation.'.
'Returns the value of a particular option DCNL.
'Load images from the queue and write them to the summary_queue.
'Converts a tag string to a list of tags.
'Returns logger used by multiprocessing.'.
'Return a list of jobs based on the filter_find_job flag'.
'Displays the login form.'.
'Attach translations to a collection.'.
'Projects an entity into a Message.
'This will store the language information dictionary for the given language DCNL code in a context variable
'Returns the frequency of the given index.
'Decorator to ensure that the currently logged-in user is an admin.
'Setup the Hyperion platform.'.
'Return a configuration dictionary from a list of configuration values.
'Add a cell to the task log.'.
'Load a plugin service by name.
'Assert that ``a`` and ``b`` are not equal.
'Load a test suite from a directory.'.
'Returns an RGB color in RGBA format.
'A custom function to generate keys.'.
'Write the properties xml.'.
'Read an array.'.
'Prints the usage.'.
'A coroutine which runs a test component, and publishes the results.'.
'Create zone for slave devices.
'Return the total number of seconds in the given timedelta.'.
'Returns the file writer to write the file with given file_handle.
'Summarizes a set of variables.
'Checks if user can browse repository reviews.'.
'Lighten a color by the given percentage.'.
'Process xmlElement by svgReader.'.
'Exclude all new regions from webapp when enabling addons.
'Plots a scatter plot.
'Process a docstring for an object.'.
'Removes the icon from the beginning of a component.'.
'Generate test_data. DCNL Args: DCNL target: str DCNL The target
'Assert that the expression is not None.'.
'Get the user name for qemu.'.
'Returns the authenticated userid of the given request.
'Return the Python type corresponding to a filename.'.
'Create a directory on the FTP server.
'Returns a dictionary of {year:month, number:month}} for each blog post.
'Log a message at the DEBUG level'.
'Delete all image properties for given image_id.'.
'Check source code with pep8.
'Swap system memory. DCNL Return: DCNL - Current working memory usage DCNL -
'Converts a layer parameter array into a stack.
'Exclude all \'close\' events starting with \'x\' in the list.'.
'Generate a docstring of unit summary for a given namespace.
'Test sensitivity and specificity score for binary classification'.
'Convert an SMS number to an email address.'.
'Return a GCE connection.'.
'Stop the development server'.
'Displays a ping to the user.
'Same as seq_concat_seq, but returns the longest possible element of a DCNL
'Compile a client using distutils.'.
'Add a new service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Start the certificate generation process for the students in the course.
'Negative Binomial link function. DCNL Parameters DCNL y : float DCNL A
'Returns a script string to run based on settings'.
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Process a download that did not complete correctly'.
'Returns True if the given table has a constraint with the given name'.
'Liability edit'.
'Returns a dictionary of all general site types.'.
'Convert id32 to id32'.
'Gets a deep value from the data_structure.
'Make sure that users_list() returns a short list of users'.
'Parse out the dimensions, out_func, and number of classes from an output spec.
'del(api_key, url, data) DCNL Sends a DELETE request to
'Download Sina video by video id.'.
'Return the Python version as a string, e.g.
'Return a value for the requested metric'.
'Returns a dummy object that can be used as an argument to DCNL the _overload
'Allocate a new lock.'.
'Searches for explorations matching the given query.
'Returns the inverse of a.'.
'Return (unicode_unicode_literal, updated position)'.
'Reshapes an incoming Tensor.
'Replicates data across multiple devices in parallel.
'Return version from lvm version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns true if the current thread is in the inio thread.'.
'Test saving a store_fs with a bad language.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Returns an HttpResponse whose status code is `code`.'.
'Convert an internal date format to a time.
'Get an object from the database based on filter parameters.'.
'Helper function to create drawdowns and durations from pnl.'.
'Builds the prop filter spec.'.
'API: send a test email'.
'Return iterator over the elements of a sequence'.
'Create a mozilla user and group.'.
'Flatten an object into a list.
'Conditional.get_weights returns MLP weights'.
'Merges non-report-only-policies dict into a single dict.
'Create a new compute node from the values dictionary.'.
'Check for problems in entrance exams that need rescoring.'.
'Send an email. DCNL :param subject: Email subject DCNL :param message:
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Choose a POC type from a file path.'.
'Compute histogram. DCNL Parameters DCNL tensor : numpy.ndarray DCNL Hist
'Replaces unicode and string attributes with native strings in Python 2.
'Find the most recent version of a file in a given addon with a given version DCNL
'Returns the current logging level of the given request.
'Compute ``K[X]`` where ``X`` in ``K[X
'dimitem : LPAREN expr RPAREN'.
'Collects a comma-separated list of hosts and a chroot.
'Convert an nsurl to a local file on OSX.
'Tries to find an HG tag in the given path.
'Check for whitespace after an import keyword.
'Returns a tuple of tiers for a given network device.
'Block a signal handler.
'Apply function fn to elements of elems.
'Inverse hyperbolic secant'.
'Marks the current transaction as managed or not.
'Edit user profile.'.
'Recursively find all files under treeroot that match pattern.
'Format the info table. DCNL :param info_table: The info table to format
'Order the JSON data. DCNL :param data: JSON data to sort. DCNL
'Convert a blockdevice_id to a dataset_id.
'Returns a dict describing specific instance_type'.
'Generates n-grams from an iterator of iterables.
'Load the inline module'.
'setting cwd with absolute paths'.
'Validate the number of values in the list.
'Two-step backward propagation. DCNL Parameters DCNL mlp : MLP instance DC
'Given a indexer_id, return a list of all the scene exceptions'.
'Retain vertical spacing before comments.'.
'Test a line profile with dynamic values.'.
'Returns True if the subscription matches the given topic.'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Checks if a user is allowed to access the site.
'Return system CPU information for SunOS'.
'Make sure setCookiesFromUrl doesn\'t accept cookies that are never accepted.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid cut'.
'Return the F-norm of x and y.'.
'Return a list of (name, shortname, longname, help) for a module
'Fast version of count_smallints.'.
'Remove accents from a string.'.
'Set the OpenGL configuration.'.
'Get a value from the blob info dictionary.'.
'Calls the artifact cache use_cached_files method.
'Prints the version and exits.'.
'Return the absolute value of a.
'Return True if the given python version is available, False otherwise.'.
'Set default values for log levels and external opts.'.
'If we have known divisions, shift them to periods, otherwise return df.
'Binary log loss for classification.
'Mark an instance as modified.
'Return an instance of the holiday calendar with the given name.'.
'Generates a random alphanumeric string of given length.'.
'Returns a file-like object for the given resource name.
'Add the infill boundary to nestedRings.'.
'Remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list.
'Unload a module. DCNL :param module_name: Name of the module to unload
'Validate a packed name.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Load a class by name.
'Decorrelation of ground truth matrix.
'Fix common mistakes in Makefile'.
'Import the DER encoding of a key.'.
'Importing vispy.app should not import vispy.app'.
'Build a SelectField with all the tool panel options'.
'Converts an HTML page to an annotation string.'.
'Returns the codename of a permission, e.g.
'Lists all documents.'.
'Find all the files in the S3 bucket cache metadata'.
'Sends an HTML receipt for a contribution that has been purchased.'.
'Computes vectorized Voronoi decomposition of a vector.
'Test make_links function'.
'Returns True if the given class has an __inherited__ table.
'Set a configuration option.'.
'Get a specific rollback DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Removes a mount point from a vfstab DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if a file exists and is a FIFO.
'Patched settings'.
'Add slashes to a string.'.
'Return a dict of the network interfaces and their ip6 addresses DCNL The addresses will be
'Compute the PCoA score for a set of lines.
'Run netcat interactively'.
'Joins two DataFrames. DCNL Parameters DCNL t : DataFrame DCNL Merges
'Handle a register request.
'Laplace with a mask.'.
'Sample the color prefs and map data from the options'.
'Send a GET request and return the response.'.
'Validate that the device_list is a list of valid values.
'Helper function for ``_parse_delim_files`` that parses DCNL
'Converts a path to human-readable form.'.
'Build a QSub command.'.
'Render Genshi templates DCNL :param str genshi_data: Genshi template data
'Returns an ordered version of the list.'.
'Test working copy when target does not exist and is plain.'.
'Returns a link to the given block\'s location on the given page.'.
'Downloads promo images from a web site.
'Copy the clipboard to a new file.
'Print a list of items to stdout.'.
'Create a file with the specified name and write \'contents\' (a DCNL byte
'Load a tree from the given path.
'Check that we have at least `min_healthy` instances in the region.'.
'Raise a stringprepError if the data contains invalid characters.'.
'Delete a user from the specified pwfile DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fixture providing a list of tabbed browser objects.'.
'evalf(prec, subs) -> dict DCNL Return a copy of the
'Return a human-readable string representation of a file size.
'create an object'.
'Yield all lines of a string or iterable.'.
'Parse the driver-disk line'.
'Return true if the tag is a block-level tag.
'put_secret(secret, secret_value) -> None DCNL put_secret(
'Creates a new Reference from a Reference.
'Strip the listing from the output, and return the list.'.
'Get the fabmetheus directory path.'.
'Verifies that a file exists.
'Calculates the log of the addition of values.'.
'Handle the download of a result DCNL :param result: The result to download DCNL
'Returns a list of dicts of video attributes for each index in the course.
'Parse a URL into a path and environment'.
'Ignore if the user is not a group member.'.
'Split a command line into a path, command, and arguments.
'Test integrations'.
'Print a list of expected diffs.
'np.log(func_np(a, b)) -> np.exp(np
'Checks whether user can edit setting type.'.
'Returns the URL to resize `url` to `maxwidth`.'.
'Convert a CSV row to a dict.
'Install custom language'.
'Returns True if the given message or field is present in this context.'.
'Activate a matplotlib figure.'.
'Redirects the request to the specified location.
'Get the paths for the given scheme.
'Setup the TCP sensor platform.'.
'Given a dictionary of language codes and a language code, return the corresponding DCNL language code
'Fixture providing a QANetworkAccessManager.'.
'Return an iterator over all collectors that are still alive after a DCNL period of time
'Returns the number of quoted strings in the given string.
'Fetches the journal entry for the specified key.
'Updates the Windows firewall policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the shape of an item.
'Get the points from the segment table.'.
'Returns a redirect object for the given URL.
'Process flowgram-ali data and return the output.'.
'Delete an image tag.'.
'Return the current year.'.
'Return the tracer for the given pid, or None if the pid is unknown.'.
'Returns the name of a variable as a regular one.'.
'Same as a is b.'.
'Retrieves user information from http cookie.
'Open a new browser and open it in a new window.'.
'Return the set of nodes reachable from `source` in G.
'Check movorder functions.'.
'Main entry point for the script.'.
'Get the jump point if inside the boundary, otherwise return None.'.
'Remove crowding PROPS.'.
'A helper method to get a value from the session.
'Prepare the vector3 and vector3 pose for the calculation of the earth DCNL position velocity
'Parse a snippets file.'.
'Return a numpy array of length (count, inds), filled with the given value
'Returns True if the given IP address is private.'.
'Install and verify code'.
'Converts a hex string to a color tuple.'.
'Get the EOL characters for a given OS name.
'Format a datetime for use in an RFC 3339 compliant way.'.
'Creates a credentials object with the specified scopes.
'Create a COW image DCNL :param backing_file: The qemu image
'Return the contents of the specified user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Send an email for a reply.'.
'Parses an interval string and returns an ``Timedelta`` object.
'Converts a JobSubJobDesign to an Action object.
'Return an iterator of (app.name, app.module) for all apps'.
'Load overrides from a file.'.
'Determine if we are running in a LLVM environment.'.
'Get the OpenShift version.'.
'Detect if a stream is a DBF stream.
'Generator for projection partial entity results.
'Attempt to re-quote a URI.
'invert the data register bit'.
'abstract_declarator_opt : abstract_declarator'.
'Ensure invoke version is at least min_version.'.
'Creates the environment variables necessary to run the java application.
'Get all role assignments for a user'.
'Generates RSA keys of nbits bits.
'Test the fit sample routine with 0.5 ratio'.
'Returns a list of booleans indicating whether each section in the course has a DCNL problem
'Extract the line at index from the text.'.
'Create SAML provider. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Drop site'.
'Log out the user from the server'.
'Restore app status to the highest_status if it is pending.
'Calculates the Damerau-Levenshtein edit distance between two strings
'List all of the queues configured on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Given a directory name and a basename, return a list of the basenames that are DC
'Get a list of Feed Item Ids used by a campaign via a given Campaign Feed.
'A config fixture that renders a config template.'.
'Compute square-free coefficients of ``f`` in ``GF(u)
'A demonstration of the snowballs stemmer in a given language.'.
'Write a list of commits to a stream. DCNL :param repo: Path to
'Import a file.'.
'Ensure that clearing a keystring works.'.
'Add the x intersection indexes for a loop.'.
'Test reading raw data.'.
'Return a colormap with the given name, sampling the given lut.
'Load cost functions from configuration.
'Reshapes an array if it is not already a categorical'.
'Celery worker pool name'.
'Override the given text arguments by overriding the ones in the DCNL given fontdict.
'Convert a long (positive integer) to a raw string.
'Return the object pointed to by ``ref``.
'Return True if the given resource is enabled, false otherwise'.
'Call the given function with the given arguments, and print a warning.'.
'Returns the logged-in user\'s messages and deletes them from the session.
'Run OpenSSL on the given PEM string.
'Encode a data for inclusion in an Avro extension.
'Given a directory name, return a tuple of the full path to the DCNL directory containing
'Fetches information of a certain IPsecSiteConnection DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'This should be called from within a windowing environment if drawing DCNL should be done in
'Check if the vlan_interface exists on the network interface.'.
'Test max_similarity field.'.
'replace_insensitive(string, target, replacement) -> string DCNL Replaces the
'gpu_from_host(GpuGM) -> GpuGM(gpu
'Check that a repository exists and is up-to-date.'.
'Deletes a collection summary model.'.
'Writes a root object as a plist to a string.'.
'Show more songs by user.'.
'Unset a job'.
'Sigmoid. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor. DCNL Returns
'find_missing(input_list) -> float DCNL Finds the number of elements
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Open window analyze file.'.
'Returns password of a field'.
'A generic is() implementation.'.
'Element-wise division. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable: Output
'Converts a JSON string into a Python object.
'Interact between two connections in-memory.
'Get full spec for email, without validation.'.
'Configures the scenario to capture screenshots.'.
'Create a link node.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Concatenate a list of epochs into a single file.
'Return the intersection of all graphs.
'Attempts to load a config file from the user\'s home directory.
'convert s to int or raise'.
'Execute a command and read the output as YAML'.
'Return the key for a Guestbook object.
'Build a Questionnaire form from a series'.
'Send an event to a list of users'.
'Renders a template with a dictionary as its source.
'Return the value of the key in dict d matching the glob pattern, DCNL if key
'Returns True if the given datetime.datetime is timezone-aware.'.
'Remove an entry from the augeas table.
'Converts an array to a data structure.
'Benchmark the isotonic regression.'.
'Create a new document.'.
'The main entry point for peep.'.
'Parses a model configuration file and returns a model instance.'.
'Helper function to format and quote a single parameter.
'Returns a `status` redirect to the new URL.
'Returns the given HTML with ampersands, quotes and angle brackets encoded.'.
'Get the username of the currently logged in user.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Return the architecture of the current machine'.
'Gets the session from the session file'.
'Attempts to load a ctypes library by name.
'Return the total sum of squares of y.
'Mock stdout/stderr'.
'Add orbits if the orbit is large enough.'.
'Connect to a serial port on localhost and send a command.'.
'Get the number of image members for a specific image.'.
'Get a service by host and binary.'.
'unquote_or_none(s) -> str DCNL Unquote a single string
'Parse a query and simplify the tree DCNL :param query: The query to parse DC
'Get the cluster version, or None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Gets the advertisement\'s placement mail text.'.
'Only load if the provider and dependencies are configured'.
'Validate config against config_schema.
'Get the SR reference from the VBD reference.'.
'Return dataframe of parameters formatted according to given format.'.
'Customize a pre-trained model.'.
'Run ``cmd`` if the target is outdated with respect to its dependencies.
'Get the user information from the knowledge base.
'Returns the version of init_file DCNL :param init_file: path to init
'Yield (line_number, line) tuples ignoring comments.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Setup the mysensors platform for sensors.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List storage accounts associated with the account DC
'Configure the logging options for the app.'.
'ops.op_implicit and ops.op_implicit override op_implicit'.
'Return True if backup_mode is image'.
'Get a ComponentReview from the database via id.'.
'Converts an OS-specific byte string to an IP address.
'List all of the available state modules in an environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new add skip method that adds a skip to the result.'.
'Return the coercion function for a yes/no comparison.'.
'test k-samples for k-samples'.
'Return the path to the server directory.
'Only load this module if oslo_config is installed'.
'Remove rpc files from traceback'.
'Parse the tables in the output.
'Drop database tables for all models with the given engine'.
'Assert that import_code is generated correctly.'.
'Log debug messages only if sublime.settings.DEBUG is True'.
'expr : LPAREN expr RPAREN'.
'Return the next URL to redirect to, if it exists, or None'.
'Converts sequence matrix to string matrix.'.
'Find and return a script by name.
'Generate key pair for encryption/decrypt.'.
'Get the previous version tag.'.
'Convert a string to a network byte string. DCNL.
'Return a list of services that are marked as disabled.
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Load the manifest for a package, if not already loaded.'.
'Compute the computerawanomaly score.
'Run the main test module.'.
'Return a new filter object based on the input arguments.
'Convert a datetime to a time'.
'Sync returners modules from ``salt://_returners`` to the master DCNL
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DCNL underscore
'Get a QPixmap from the pixmapdata dictionary.'.
'Find the version number in the file.'.
'Test the behavior of good algo option.'.
'Checks if the service_type is valid. DCNL :param base_url:
'multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression'.
'Submits a pyspark job to the specified dataproc instance DCNL and returns its
'Return the parent directory'.
'Ensure that dataset_history_import_abspath doesn\'t confuse the
'Deletes the given artifacts from the datastore.
'Creates an entrance exam.
'Parse a requirements file and return a list of requirements and a list of links'.
'Convert a FileStore to a Transifex FileStore.
'A strategy to create a lease for the given dataset and node.
'Verify that the display name can be modified with html.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Output the graph for LaTeX.
'Converts a short color code to an RGB color code.'.
'Returns the number of open file descriptors for the current process.
'Convert a JSON topic to the native object.
'Save the answers for the given questions DCNL.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Import a module from a string.
'A decorator for registering an nd_option.'.
'Create Republics'.
'Renders the application detail page.
'Perform the educated Asholdschool correction on a string.
'Return the P-value of the chi-square distribution of x2.'.
'Override setuptools'.
'Wrapper around dog_stats_api.histogram that cleans any tags used.'.
'Find the feat part for an artist and an album artist.
'Check that NumPy is installed and meets the requirements.'.
'Yields a source file image from a list of generators.
'Test warnings related to table replace change with refcount'.
'Save an object to an HDF5 file.
'Return the local IP address of the network interface DCNL If no interface given, returns None
'Asserts that two datetime objects are equal by the given amount of milliseconds.
'Setup the APCupsD sensor platforms.'.
'Generate a cookie. DCNL :param k: The key to generate DCNL :param
'Returns the payload in the format ``mms_payload_2``.'.
'Filter out nodes that are subclasses of superclass.'.
'Carve a gcode linear move file.'.
'Escape a string for use in a URL'.
'Scales X and Y so that the mean and std are zero along DCNL axis 0
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Convert an boto exception to a human readable error message.
'Test the behavior of --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Return a predicate indicating whether *value* is not equal to zero.'.
'Generate a list of committees from the TD.
'Given a valid config, delete a resource.
'Inverts a mapping. DCNL :param mapping: The mapping. DCNL :
'Builds the site as a JSON file'.
'Load the given tests using the given loader.'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Return a datetime object from a timestamp.'.
'new(name, data=b\'\', **kwargs) - Return a new hash
'Write Python object `obj` to `fn`.
'quote(s) -> string DCNL Return a quoted version of the string'.
'Create a git repository.'.
'Install a new lineage from the given plugins.'.
'Creates the perm for all metrics that are not in view_menu_set'.
'Add a new message prefix to the migrate table.'.
'Get comparison in order to sort y values in ascending order of y.'.
'Read graph in p2g format from path.
'Return the path to the git repo.
'Return the state of a running process DCNL pid DCNL pid of the process DCNL
'Test installing a folder using pip install folder path'.
'Return True if the given JSON-P function exists, False otherwise.'.
'Returns the severity of a check.'.
'Warn if there\'s a mention of a Tcl or TeaPOT init file
'Given a list of filenames, print the JSON output and return the number of errors DC
'Resumes a paused connection.'.
'Throws 404 if the team doesn\'t exist or the user doesn\'t have admin
'Persist the current clipboard to the GUI.'.
'Computes the inverse of a batch of matrices.
'Get the next frame from the media player. DCNL.
'Signal to reindex the answers for the given question.'.
'Builds a descriptor from the FieldDescriptor proto.'.
'Remove constant expressions from the beginning and end of an operation.
'Return a list of available languages'.
'Returns an instance of the appropriate PermissionResolver class for the given resource type.
'Check if user is today'.
'Get path with points inside the hole removed.'.
'Determines if the filter should be excluded based on the filter type and language.
'Drill into a specific host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set up the authentication required by the cli'.
'Get the number of bits in the stream and the string itself'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL WRITEME'.
'Convert a list of strings to a comma-separated string.'.
'metaWeblog.getBlogs(api_key, username, password) DCNL
'Hash a password. DCNL :param password: The password to hash DCNL :param
'Checks whether the given registration_code is valid.
'Test that configdata.section_desc gets properly formatted.'.
'Compute a sphere constraint.'.
'Return True if the given entry must be skipped.
'Return whether the given dtype can be represented.
'Delete a devices from a BTRFS filesystem.
'Get the plugin filenames.'.
'Format an iterator. DCNL :param nitems: The size of the iterator DCNL
'Setup shed tools for testing.'.
'Ensures that the tenant with the given name is absent.
'Computes the summary of a collection.
'Compare a screenshot with an image.'.
'Provides opts for pifacc'.
'Shuffle a sequence of arrays.'.
'Load an image from disk DCNL Parameters DCNL file_name : str DCNL Name
'Find an elastic IP address.
'Add a code cell to the notebook DCNL Parameters DCNL code : str DCNL The
'Generate a sha1-sum of the item\'s version fields.
'Runs the simple multilink topo mapping tool'.
'Generate a file with the given name and template function DCNL Args: DCNL fname:
'Return a dictionary of parsed link headers. DCNL :param string value: the value of
'Verify the given signature against the given certs.'.
'Get the name of the init file.'.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Read maxfilter CTC record.'.
'Return information about the current OS release.
'Test rgb_yuv dataset.'.
'Find the matrix corresponding to ``p`` in ``mat`` where ``p`
'Connect to an ssh server transport.
'Given a module name, create a new module and all the parents DCNL of that module
'Splits a patterns specification and returns a tuple of DCNL (patterns, ignore_patterns
'Ensure that the named service is running.
'Ejects a polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'Create a mimi hash for an upid.'.
'Read `count` 32-bit floats using the plain encoding.'.
'Encrypts a message. DCNL >>> encryptMessage(\'hello\', \'hello
'Read and return the contents of the given file.
'Shuffle the model\'s list.'.
'Slugify a string. If the slug cannot be slugified, an error is raised.
'Check if wtforms is 2.x and up.
'Test creation of tuples of degrees and hours'.
'Get redis keys from a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Handles the delete of a post.'.
'Determine the numpy dtype that should be used to sum values.
'Send message to project.'.
'Update the namespace of an item.'.
'Returns True if the given route_dist is valid.'.
'Return a hexdump of data'.
'Iterates over the response returned by the API call, stopping after the DCNL response has
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of \'value\', using a key generated from
'Freeze the named container DCNL path DCNL path to the container parent DCNL default:
'Create a moderator user for a forum.'.
'Returns a list of published tags.'.
'Stop a running server on a given port.
'Create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid.'.
'Returns the mood of a given sentence.
'api_create_invalid_membership_no_email_no_user should create
'Print the last updated date'.
'Convert a JSON sink to the native object.
'Fetches a list of all configured IPsecPolicies for a tenant DCNL CLI Example:
'Optionally import and return the object.
'Return the ssh_interface to connect to.
'Generates a sample of rois from the roidb.'.
'Return the codec used to decode a text string.
'Return the line number of the current file.
'Get information for a glusterfs volume or all volumes.
'Get the module name and the extension from a function name.
'Returns a list of the major values in the given list'.
'Set the index of a Series DCNL Parameters DCNL df : DataFrame DCNL DataFrame DC
'Send a DELETE request for the url.'.
'Remove an element from the pixel list.'.
'Returns a polynomial expansion of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Returns a Bootstrap icon tag.'.
'Test getFQDN.'.
'Setup the demo lock platform.'.
'Returns a function that does nothing.'.
'Execute code in a given set of variables.
'Return platform-specific distribution string.
'Clears the buffer if there is no more data to send.'.
'Raises ValueError if `obj` is not a CUDA ndarray.'.
'Create an image from the values dictionary.'.
'Queue a list of models for checking dependencies.'.
'Return the source code of a file from the cache.'.
'Check if a file exists on the filesystem.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show a specific service associated with the account
'Execute a single high data call DCNL.
'Swap two axes of a Tensor.
'Set the carrier for the current thread.'.
'Fill a gcode linear move text.'.
'pretty version of dict.to_json'.
'Build the header for a document'.
'Set the fake nodes.'.
'test_expr(expr, allowed_codes) -> CompiledExpr DCNL Test
'Wrapper for inserting bytes feature into Example proto.'.
'Resource Headers'.
'Render a template as HTML.
'Create an SQS queue.
'Decodes a list of (tag, value) predictions into a list of (tag,
'Test runner with random option'.
'Split a file into a branch and file pair.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Start the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get all messages from js files in all apps'.
'Adds port to bridge DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extract a zipfile into a temporary directory.
'Convert a XR line to a keyset string.'.
'Apply linear modification to a matrix.
'Copy mode, atime, and flags from src to dst.
'Return the next URL to go to.
'<string> -- Swaps <string> with <string>.'.
'Parse a server configuration file.
'Get all issues. DCNL project DCNL The name of the project DCNL state DC
'Checks for existing samples in the autotest_dir and adds them to the database
'Test template validation.'.
'<word> -- Returns the antonym for <word>.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Compute the leftmost monomial of ``f``.
'Fixture providing a set of default groups.'.
'Exports all states of the exploration to a yaml file.'.
'Show a dialog and run a command.
'Generate a CA signed certificate for the given common name.'.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Test validation k-fold cross validation.'.
'Updates the profile picture data url of a user with given user_id.
'Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
'Helper function for :func:`_solve`.'.
'Return true if the type is a pointer.'.
'Check if a file exists in one of the include directories.
'Execute the given Python code in the given environment.
'Redirect to the given location using HTTP 303 status code'.
'Format a timestamp as a string.
'Store a new ticket.
'Generate a slug for slugifying a page source.'.
'Return a list of mirror names on the given hostname.
'Compute the arma autocorrelation function ACF'.
'Insert a new link in a given subreddit.
'Test cluster permutation ttest.'.
'Check if keyring is present on the node DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Takes a dict of Parameters and returns a new dict of Parameters.
'Show tenant network.'.
'Returns a dict containing information about the extensions in a CSR.
'Returns the UUID associated with a label'.
'Timer for conesearch'.
'Helper for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.'.
'Returns the last HTTP error in the current request, or None if there DCNL is no
'Horizontal prewitt on an edge should be a horizontal line.'.
'Install the wxRunner into the app.'.
'Load a comparable X509 certificate.'.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.'
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Test setup_volume_source_space with valid volume_label'.
'Gets the email preferences for the given user_ids.
'Returns the current physical memory in bytes.
'Get a secret from the secrets database.'.
'Publish progress messages'.
'Create a new image on a server.'.
'Returns a list of ResourceEvents for the given request.
'Changes the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Update export client'.
'Same as np.isinf, but returns False for strings.'.
'mdft(n) -> matrix DCNL Computes the multivariate DFT of
'Set helpful status for a vote.'.
'Get the file in the given directory, which is the same as filename.'.
'Window-wise Fourier transform. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL First
'Update the forum role membership for a student in a course.
'Returns the size (in bytes) of a directory'.
'Append xml text to a list of xml nodes.
'Test date range function'.
'Convert a Unicode string to an HTML string.
'Returns a list of models to patch'.
'Lists all tmux configuration files.'.
'Deletes prefix from VRF identified by route_dist and vrf prefix.'.
'Get the interpret plugin.'.
'Updates the subject interests of a user.
'Return True if the given selector is focused on the element, False otherwise.'.
'Generate the encryption key for a given secexp and a function DCNL to hash the data
'Tests datetimes are made aware of timezones'.
'Unmounts a volume. DCNL :param volume: Volume to unmount DCNL :
'Return a list of the process IDs on this machine'.
'Get loop without intersections.'.
'Generate an image name for use in an image file'.
'ReLU activation function. DCNL :math:`\varphi(x) = \
'Open a dirdbm file and return a DirectoryDBM object.
'Installs Python prerequisites.'.
'>>> select_item(1, 1) DCNL 1 DCNL >>> select_
'Sets the value_to_set at the beginning of a nested dictionary in a DCNL
'Return the path to the Python interpreter.
'Requires a password to be changed.
'Generate the python path for a package.
'Modify the computer\'s name to match the given computer\'s name.
'Generates unique items from a sequence, preserving order.'.
'Set the settings for a contact agent.
'Read the signature from the Ed25519 file.
'Makes a synchronous API call.
'Compute single-valued measures for a network.
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order.
'Return true if the object is a function'.
'Test max pooling with anon variable'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a string.'.
'Three Outline'.
'Returns a list of credit provider display names for the given course.
'follow a user'.
'Retrieve data for a file or group.
'Takes a list of polynomial polynomials and returns a list of QQ coefficients
'Return (x,y,z) power tuple DCNL (x,y,z
'Perform an MGEG record lookup. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'KeypointsCensure should raise a ValueError if the scale is out of range.'.
'Convert unicode to local name'.
'strip(s [,chars]) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string s
'Message delete'.
'Returns the LAN IP of this machine.'.
'Get the backing file for a disk image DCNL :param path: Path to the disk
'Change the gid for a named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the version number from /etc/version.rst DCNL Parameters DCNL version
'Checks if the specified Rock Ridge routing table is available.'.
'Send a notification about an instance.
'remove_root(root, paths) -> list of paths'.
'wrap(text [, width]) -> str DCNL Wraps a single paragraph of text
'Bulk rename a doclist'.
'Vectorized version of is_element.'.
'Returns the registration object for the given email.'.
'Convert a 2D array to a 1D array.'.
'Fails the user with an OpenID request.
'Poll a process, printing its results to stdout.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless'.
'Assert that ``actual`` and ``desired`` are within ``tol
'Parses a file into a single table.
'Renders all top-level actions for the review request.'.
'Get the desktop URI prefix.'.
'Enable a distutils module if not already enabled.'.
'Determine if ``polya`` is inside ``polyb``.
'Flow a gcode linear move text.'.
'iteration_statement : LPAREN expression RPAREN statement'.
'Extract a boolean from the value.
'A class should be able to be absorbed and spewed.'.
'Test the main module of bokeh.'.
'Return True if the given class node has a method that is abstract.'.
'Given a course_key, return the course_key to use for the coursetalk DC
'Returns True if the file-like object can be read.
'Checks whether user can edit group or not.'.
'Submits a task to generate a CSV containing information about DCNL students who may enroll in
'Check for link destinations.'.
'Convert a (mnc, mnc2, mnc3, mnc4)
'Return Pi version if running on Windows'.
'Run a child process and return its stdout.
'Get path with overhangs removed or filled in.'.
'polar projection, but in a rectangular box.'.
'Calculates a cone for the given individual and position.'.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Test that all unit summary prefixes are accounted for.'.
'Context manager that disables requests cache.'.
'Returns the smallest integer between low and high, or the default if unknown.'.
'Return the hash of a file. DCNL :param fname: File to hash DCNL
'Returns a response for a renewal.'.
'Get the external IP address of this machine.'.
'Sets a resource. DCNL Parameters DCNL resource : Resource DCNL The resource to be
'Bind and return a socket.'.
'Ensure we have a crypto library.
'Theme Project: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Max of elements in a tensor.
'Check if we are running in Qt console'.
'Return the enabled services.
'Given a list of uri schemes, return a set of those schemes that are DCNL supported
'Get vim documentation and append it to the current buffer.'.
'Return a panel with properties from parents.'.
'Returns the sqlite database for the current thread.
'Update the options for a model.
'Given a time zone name, return the name of the time zone.
'Test that power expansion works as expected'.
'Load the MIME types from the given location(s).'.
'Test port validation.'.
'Sets the time limit for a given task.
'Return the unit price for the given line.'.
'Associate a floating IP address to a machine.'.
'Renders a dashboard column with the given tags.'.
'Delete a queue. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Checks if a string is a valid fingerprint.
'Insert a course tab with the given name.
'Compute the base 2 logarithm of a number.
'Given a string, returns a list of strings that wrap the string DCNL in a column
'match_all(string, trie) -> list of matches'.
'Call worker.ctl() to control the status of a worker.
'Asserts that the first item in the list is before the second item'.
'Test setting a sensor value from code.'.
'Get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string.'.
'Waits for a snapshot to reach a given status.'.
'Reads a string from a sparse matrix.
'Create a fake OptionValues object and return it.'.
'Fixup ins and del tags'.
'Prints the JULIA representation of the given expression.'.
'Return ordered list of locations.'.
'Get an image file from the test data directory.'.
'Call the REST API service.
'Return a canvas that blends the given image onto the canvas.
'parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss TTT format
'Get all available regions for the Amazon RDS service.
'Get lines without redundancy.'.
'Register a schema at the given path.
'Print a summary of the results to stdout.
'Safely format a string'.
'Extracts the Tomcat version from a tomcat_version_out string.
'Parses a list of tests from the given source.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get a random integer of size n using the specified random function.'.
'Upload files using vcs'.
'Allocate space for storing a value only once.'.
'Convert a NumPy scalar array into a scalar.
'Accounts resource factory method'.
'Add a host to the aggregate.'.
'Return a file name for a backing block device.'.
'Return an iterator of all plugin keywords.'.
'Get the power types from the power plants in the fence files.'.
'This function is called when the module is reloaded.
'Login to Google Voice using the provided credentials.
'Permission denied (403) handler.
'Ensure that the named group is present DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Print a formatted message with an error code. DCNL.
'Hue Truncate Mode'.
'Parses the VGSL input specification and returns an ImageShape object.
'Load a template library module and return it.
'Get a location to run qCoreApplication from.
'Return a list of models.'.
'Skip tests that don\'t satisfy the given requirements.'.
'Show the vocabulary. DCNL :param id: the id of the vocabulary. DCNL
'Return a list of the inactive VMs on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return package name from `data` dict.
'Returns a list of tokens separated by commas.
'Retain a reference to a media list object.
'Removes excess pyc files from the given path.'.
'Returns a URL for the given module and filename.'.
'Include debug CSS for a theme'.
'Check for alignment percent field'.
'On delete of a file from public/private storage, delete both files.'.
'Returns the number of bits required to hold a Python int.'.
'Check if an upgrade is available for a package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.unquote() function that can operate on DCNL
'Initialize all parameters'.
'Return a permutation matrix for p and q.'.
'Test comparison of distance functions.'.
'Convert a numeric value to a hex-decimal string'.
'When scenarios are selected with the given cmdline, they should be skipped.'.
'Generate the managed section.'.
'Convert a time in seconds into a human readable form.'.
'Try to fetch streams every `interval` seconds, retrying if no streams are found.
'Tests that float_range raises an exception when not a valid range.'.
'Get the arounds from the loop.'.
'Raise a helpful PlotlyRequestError if the response is not OK.
'Computes the coefficient of ``v`` onto ``w``.
'Complete a list of completion rules DCNL :param rules: DCNL :param cmd:
'Returns a dict with contributor_id_to_add: contributor_id_to_
'Unvouch a user.'.
'Set up the global variables used by the webengine.
'Get an instance from the given session\'s identity map.
'Log a message with severity \'WARNING\' on the root logger.'.
'Require `bar` test project.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths.'.
'Returns a manager for use with multiprocessing.'.
'Returns True if type is compatible with all the alphabets.'.
'Return True if the given role exists in the MS SQL server.
'Setup the Command Switches.'.
'Asynchronously deletes one or more datastore models.
'Execute a mysql job'.
'Set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir, my_ip and socket.get
'Calculates the duration for the given number of samples.
'Return the name of the underlying interface dtype.'.
'Parse a size specification string into a list of sizespecs.'.
'Find the targets in the qualified_list that match the target.
'Normalize HTML. DCNL :param data: HTML string to normalize DCNL :type
'Returns a unique app id from a remote URL.
'Create a dataset with the given headers and data.
'Deletes a zone.'.
'Gets the scatter property for an entity.
'Unregister a previously registered Mimetype handler.
'Log out.'.
'Compute the result of a SQL compute expression on the data table DCNL Parameters DCNL expr
'Determines if a file is empty or was canceled.'.
'Enter desired instances into the standby state.
'Returns a list of IPv6 addresses assigned to the host.
'Returns the stylesheet reference for the given settings.
'Make a call to BGPS.
'Check environment and return path'.
'Return a list of MPTT results as a dictionary.'.
'strings.rfill full'.
'Checks that all objects in list are instances of class_.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Reguids a storage pool
'Reload csf configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove the object_transient_sysmeta prefix from the key.'.
'Rename file `old` to `new`.
'Broadcast multiple arrays. DCNL :param args: DCNL :return:'.
'Start a node. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Start a
'Test setting up volume source spaces.'.
'Return the ipset command'.
'Renders the response using KML.'.
'Add pillars output to negatives and positives.'.
'Require a pacman package to be installed.
'Raise an exception to indicate an error in the Jinja template.
'Test that the sums are scaled correctly.'.
'Returns the machine name of this machine.'.
'Replaces all occurences of \'{\' and \'}\' with one line
'Feature.from_file sets scenario line and scenario filename to relpath'.
'Convert a time since epoch to a log string.'.
'Polynomial division with remainder over a field.
'Return the hexdigest of a file'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from seq.'.
'Returns all the components of ``f`` in ``X``.
'Checks whether a pending registration should be approved.'.
'Helper to check that two arrays of polar coordinates are equal.
'Given a topic rule name, delete it.
'Launches an Expiring Switch'.
'Test getting completion for default parameters'.
'Recursively merges all files and directories in src to dst.
'Escape special characters. DCNL >>> _xml_escape(\'a/b/c
'Return a formatted page for rex.'.
'Convert a MySQL bytestring to lowercase.
'Prints the command output to the console.
'A wrapper around execute_concurrent that cycles the input statement over the DCNL parameters
'Verify an OAuth signed request.
'Load the model'.
'Get the HRM variables'.
'Ensure that a load balancer role is absent.
'Return True if string is a channel, False otherwise.'.
'Uploads a template and reloads it.
'UPLINK BUSY Section 9.1.17'.
'A legacy HTML escape function.
'Creates a query to filter Documents and Tasks based on FilterForm arguments'.
'DEPRECATED: use subnav_link instead.'.
'Commits changes.'.
'Return True if the column type is numeric.'.
'Extracts items, changes, and links from an item check'.
'Split a URL into a path and a query string.
'Ensure that named package includes a subpath of path_item (if needed)'
'A context manager that runs several context managers in parallel.
'Convert a number of megacycles to milliseconds.'.
'Get description for speed.'.
'Test installing from file index hash'.
'Returns the virtual network adapter type based on the input DCNL adapter_type.'.
'Run tests.'.
'Returns the profile class from the app settings'.
'Set location list to the given JSON string'.
'Takes a string and condenses semicolons.
'Return the HMAC-SHA256 digest of the given key and message.'.
'Retrieve a namespace by id'.
'Collate a binary expression.
'Searches for a string using a regular expression.
'Return True if the named plugin is enabled, false otherwise'.
'Convert a timedelta object into a floating point number of seconds.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_decimalnl_short(StringIO.
'Recursively remove files and folders matching one or more patterns'.
'Return a compiled `re.Pattern` for the given index name.'.
'Takes a string and returns a chunk (chunk_name, chunk_size,
'Given a list of nodes, return a list of ``PartitionNode`` objects.
'Extend the node list to find all placeholders that are part of the template.
'Test that the plugin show all links in the plugin.'.
'Removes an element from the tree.
'Checks if the login is fresh and refreshes the database.'.
'Returns True if the given string is a well-formed IP address.
'Parses the cached stats and returns a tuple of (sizes_known, size_
'Create a map of attribute names to values for an object.'.
'Copy a file from src_path to dest_path, removing the original file'.
'Load the default font.'.
'Given a format method string, return a tuple of (fieldnames, args) DCNL
'Return the certificate signing key file DCNL ca_name DCNL name of the CA DC
'Return a list of command-line arguments to send to the crawler DCNL :param message
'Annotate a string directly into a unicode string'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by manipulation.'.
'Get the value of a hash field.
'Convert a string to a local path.'.
'Debug function for debugging'.
'Test that pip is imported as a module'.
'Return the maximum absolute value of a for each element in IA.'.
'Setup the Universal Video Camera platform.'.
'Show the version of Sopel.'.
'Convert a list of files to a single filename.'.
'Process a bitmap file into a dictionary.'.
'Test system threading tasks'.
'Recursively convert any XMLObject to paths.'.
'Return True if the object is a copy of the binops object, False otherwise.'.
'Cast an object to a class.
'Compute histograms of a given image DCNL Parameters DCNL img : array-like DC
'validate and return a password'.
'Create a new tripletedes object. DCNL.
'Find a network in the xapi network table with bridge.'.
'Draw the graph G with a spectral layout.
'Construct a pairwise alignment object from unaligned sequences DCNL Parameters DCNL seqs
'Get a dataset of the toy dataset.'.
'Prompt the user for a config item based on the raw values DCNL and the user\'
'Default error handler for MySQLdb'.
'Get vlm_media instance position by name or instance id. DCNL.
'Pretty print a dictionary of parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL params : dict DCNL Parameters DC
'Decorator to skip test if LMS settings are set.'.
'Parse the autopart line'.
'Return a dict of all reverifications for a list of statuses.'.
'Add the current site to the context.'.
'Get the path to the virtualenv in which we\'re running.'.
'Enable rate limiting if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Convert a NumPy array into a constant.'.
'<password> -- Checks for <password> in <text>.'.
'Make sure collection fails if maxfail errors are encountered when maxfail DCNL is larger than
'Preface and convert an svg text.'.
'Test negative distances.'.
'Change the retention policy of a user.
'Appends `string_` to the output.'.
'Returns a property that works like `property(store, index)` but works for DC
'Gets the contents of a file in an S3 bucket and deletes it.
'Returns the name of the type.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :rtype: dict[str, str]'.
'Get the IP address of a sentinel master DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Given a list of repository_dependency tuples, returns a tuple (has_repository_
'Iterate over fields. DCNL :param fields: DCNL :type fields: DCNL
'Remount the device. DCNL :rtype: None'.
'sending message to hipchat v2 server'.
'Returns the skew matrix.
'Add the end xml tag.'.
'>> tupleTarget() DCNL 1 DCNL 2 DCNL 1 DCNL 2 DC
'Remove quotation marks.'.
'Create a tarball containing all of the source files for a package.
'Return a prettified order line.
'Get all groups belonging to a project.'.
'Canonical version of isstr().'.
'Set user and hosts to \'all\''.
'Get hypervisor bridge name.'.
'Return a tuple of (sort_key, sort_value)'.
'Default export function used when no value is given'.
'Checks to see if the URL opener provides CORS features.
'>>> test_reraise() DCNL 1 DCNL >>> test_reraise
'Returns a dictionary of rules from the given conf file.
'Create PostGIS database'.
'Returns the number of CPUs in the system'.
'Return the number of commits.'.
'Convert a version string into a tuple. DCNL :param v: version string DCNL
'Parse a group\'s feed.
'Initialize a patch viewer.'.
'Concatenate multiple model attributes to a single string.'.
'Run the main event loop.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL :param text: text to color. DCNL :param
'Return package name based on file path'.
'Calls format_html with the given separator and arguments, DCNL and joins the
'Adds models to the list of models that should be synced.
'Returns a formatted string of the contents of a package.
'Sort namespaces and local names alphabetically.'.
'Train the model.'.
'Set the viewport on the given socket.'.
'Test whether a path exists. Returns False for broken symbolic links'.
'calculate_variables(default_variables, params) - Calculate additional variables for use in the
'Return a set of all valid snippet files for a given file type.'.
'Provides metadata about which items belong DCNL :param items: The list of items to
'Given a list of test songs, return a list of song IDs.'.
'Returns the value of the given node annotation, or default if it doesn\'t exist.'
'Get data for a snapshot'.
'Return the next session counter.'.
'Write the string table xml.'.
'Raise an exception of class exception_class(args, config=None) DCNL
'Python friendly version of com.python.dispatch DCNL.
'Returns a string containing a nicely formatted traceback.'.
'Return True if we should ignore this test.'.
'Load a glyph.'.
'Return the first day of the month and the last day of the month.
'Import all notification drivers configured in the configuration.'.
'Convert vector `v` into a 1-d numpy array.
'Returns ceil(n / 2**b) without performing any floating-point or division operations
'Rotate around axis.
'Check if an upgrade is available for a given package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate the commit message for a given suggestion.
'Send email.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as public.
'Get valid fields for datastore resource.'.
'Returns the matrix rotation matrix from point p to point q.'.
'Test get and set vector methods.'.
'Return a list of all enabled and disabled services.
'Return the grains from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering.'.
'Normal SimpleRST Table with col names excluded'.
'Converts a list of lists to a space-separated string'.
'Returns a list of matching agents'.
'Detects Windows paths in a list of strings.
'Create or update a set of image properties for a given image DCNL :param context:
'Returns a dict mapping account name to a list of GL entries.
'Returns list of tuples (translatable, report_name) for given report'
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on unicode DCNL
'Initialize the module as appropriate for OS 2.'.
'Convert a date or datetime object to a string.'.
'Find the migration repository.'.
'Add the given match_rule to the list of rules.
':rtype: list[str, str]'.
'Convert the textual form of a network address into an IP address.
'Get the size of the terminal.
'Convert a tensor variable into a scipy.sparse.sparse_matrix.
'Cache a file locally DCNL :param path: Path to the file to cache DCNL
'Return the URL to remove_tag for question `question_id`.'.
'Inject functions from pyopengl to __pyopengl__ dictionary.'.
'Get the URL of the remote repository, or None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Determine if two rectangles collide in a way that pixel-wise.
'Extracts the error message from a given page.
'Set the HTTP proxy to use for all requests.
'Return True if the given name should be ignored.'.
'Get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id. DCNL.
'Start logging to a given file.
'Check to see if the firewall is responding.'.
'Return a list of the bypass servers on the specified network service DCNL network_service DC
'Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8-bit date format'.
'Generate an entry id'.
'Gets a metric by name from qiime.beta_metrics.
'Test warning about config with port'.
'Decodes a unicode string.
'Generate a salt for use in a secure manner'.
'Format a stat response.
'Parameters: DCNL dict_parameters: A dictionary of (key, use_aes
'Add xml from vertexes.'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from iterable.'.
'Returns the environment for the given variable.
'Returns the access_key for this request.
'Returns the current job or None if there is no job in progress.'.
'Remove a directory if it does not exist or is empty.
'Return true if the user has votes or pref_public_votes, false otherwise.'
'Returns a list of all scopes available for all services.
'Takes a string and an extended list of characters to be inserted into a list DC
'Remove leading empty lines from lines.'.
'Check bower version'.
'Return the name of an object.'.
'Returns a securely generated random password DCNL :param length: The length of password to
'Export a gcode linear move text.'.
'Create and return manifest instance from filename or file object.'.
'Converts a plaintext string to an HTML string.
'IN ACKNOWLEDGE bit'.
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e.
'Handler for qute:settings.'.
'Stacks arrays horizontally.
'Initializes variables needed for readline to work.
'Resize promo images to the specified sizes.
'Return True if the action is required, False otherwise.'.
'Submit a draft for review'.
'Sends an email to staff, staff, staff, or administrators about a decision.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Copies query options to a query_pb.QueryParams proto buf.'.
'Compute the angle between each principal axis of a matrix.
'Represent a user\'s Full Name DCNL.
'split_quoted(s) -> (quoted_string, rest_string)
'Send a packet at layer 2 and loop over packets'.
'Safely update a dictionary, raising KeyError if the latter does not exist.'.
'Creates a new user.
'Load a list of images'.
'Generates a tab string for a given depth'.
'Create a recurring job.'.
'Return True if x is at the origin.'.
'Create or update volume type extra specs.
'Find all tests in the given test directory.'.
'Return time + `amount` in the given `unit`.'.
'Initialize logging.'.
'Consul all pairs of length nm.'.
'Given a device properties dict, return the root device name.
'Similar to sosfilt, but returns a vector of z values.
'Return the vocab for all tags.'.
'Test channels-picking functionality.'.
'yaml: ownership DCNL Publish ownership for a project DCNL Requires the Jenkins :jen
'Get the leftmost complex point in the points.'.
'Initialize database'.
'Retrieve all associated volume types for the specified qos specs.
'Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime object.
'Given a service name, and an optional resource id, return a boolean DCNL whether the
'Create a tarball containing the GeoNode package.
'Set the logger class to be used.
'Index of lowest value over a specified period'.
'Returns the Fourier transform of a rational number.
'Returns BeautifulSoup object for the given URL DCNL If backend is \'
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_eval`.'.
'Notify about new language for given user.'.
'kernel(d1, d2, r=1, weights=None) -> boolean DCNL
'Create a link between a volume and a backup.'.
'Show the job in the frameworks table.'.
'Returns a Route53 hosted zone object based on the name and id.'.
'Cull files that are identical and do not have same permissions.'.
'Return a file-like object for the named resource.
'Run the export routine from the command line.'.
'Create a pairtree marker file for a given folder.'.
'Prim the graph G.
'The factory for creating the ContainerController application.'.
'A context manager that silences sys.stdout and sys.stderr.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Make sure the Reader reads only rows separated by a delimiter'.
'Get the readme files from the tool shed and return as a Python dictionary.'.
'Reads a cron.yaml file and parses it into a dictionary.'.
'Given a course and a user, return a list of gated content for the course.
':param vault: The vault uri.
'Checks whether user has specified permission in the specified group.
'Test that we can train a DAE dataset'.
'Replace special characters \'\', \'<\', \'>\', \
'Parses a rarefaction file name into its components.
'Print information for a given virtual machine.
'Parse a range header into (start, end) tuples.
'Return (__file__, __modname__).'.
'Create a version for a given file upload.
'List available modules on the system.
'Compute the compression rate for a given meta data.
'Adds a new translation for a plugin.'.
'Given a test result, return the type of the result.
'Check if url is supported by protos'.
'Require all packages to be uninstalled.
'Return Numba data type based on data measure'.
'Prints a bokehjs script for the given bokeh action.'.
'Returns a datetime from the unix time represented by uuid_arg.
'Create a DHCP Options DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Scan through lines of code and look up values for variables that need to be DCNL looked
'Converts an array to a contiguous numpy array.
'Get the interior overhang angle in radians.'.
'Run the pipeline lookup_candidates hook.'.
'When a title is deleted, update the page languages and mark all descendants as DCNL pending
'Checks if a parameter is present in dictionary `args` and returns it.
'initialise module'.
'Returns a new dictionary consisting of the keys in `dict_a` and `dict
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Return a generator for iterating over all models.'.
'Return the image type of the given VDA DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of the instances that are on the provider'.
'Check if a device exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test marker drawing'.
'>> get_password <prompt> DCNL Get a password from the user DCNL
'Convert an expression into a delimited list.
'Return a list of all test cases in the given module.'.
'Get all PCI devices for instance.'.
'A simple test of the R6 function'.
'Generate a unique job id.'.
'On Windows, the read-only file is read-only, and the write-only
'Return the QApplication instance.'.
'Add objs to the memory dependencies of the device memory.'.
'Returns the version of DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Connect to the database using the string \'connstr\'.
'Run a command and return a docstring.
'Return a key name lexically ordered by time descending.
'Return True if the current thread is a tty.'.
'Convert an RGB array to RGBA.'.
'Check if there are any duplicate transactions for the given ipn_obj.
'Returns the state of the local agent DCNL :param consul_url: The Consul server
'Helper function for adding a new IDE controller to a VM.
'Converts an image to a binary blob and scales the image accordingly.'.
'Save memory profiling (if available)'.
'Returns the unicode representation of a pathname.
'Helper: get a datetime.date object given a format string and a year, DCNL
'Return the id with the longest sequence in the given ids.'.
'>>> yield_in_except_throw_instance() DCNL >>> yield_
'Add sparse endpoints from a segment.'.
'Simplifies the tree of a parser_return.
'Convert a version string into a tuple.
'Change ownership of file or directory DCNL :param path: Path to file DCNL :
'Determine if we are running in a managed cloud environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Checks if the given help_text starts with the command name.
'Return a Consumer object for the given request.
'Returns the version, with the commit offset removed.'.
'Check if a hostname is valid'.
'Get current movie time. DCNL.
'Returns a simple version string, e.g.
'Convert ip4 address to hex'.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple
'Deprecated, use initialize instead.'.
'Return the complex conjugate of a float.'.
'Swaps random elements of ind1 and ind2 according to randomness.'.
'Bisquare function. DCNL Parameters DCNL t : array DCNL The matrix to be
'Split host and port, returning tuple of host and port.
'Generate code for a template node.
'Read the data from the end of a 64-bit archive.
'Check for raise commas in Python 3000, and raise a DCNL exception if
'Compute mne loc.'.
'Return a tuple (contrib name, absolute path) for all locale directories.
'Get the name of the Linux network adapter with the given MAC address.'.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Returns the minified version of the given javascript string.'.
'Remove a security group from a server.'.
'Helper to generate a tooltip for a node item.
'Default 404 handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`bad_request` DCNL
'Validate an XML file against a schema.
'Test scenario description'.
'See statsmodels.RegressionResults'.
'Send emails to users.
'Prints basic information about the method/class/tag pair.'.
'log(msg, level=log, obj=None) DCNL log(msg,
'Status add'.
'Deconstruct a timestamp asset id.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Sends an email for a Consumer object.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List service certificates associated with the account DC
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the
'Return a float rounded to a whole number.'.
'<url> [custom] - shortens a url with [custom] as a custom custom
'Remove a compiled application from the database.'.
'Return a short description for this project'.
'Index_transactions page: displays all transactions'.
'Return backup mode. DCNL :param backup: Choose the backup mode. DCNL
'Get logger used by multiprocessing'.
'Returns a URL for the given view name.
'Primitive function in the X0 basis.'.
'Replace :mod:`thread` with :mod:`event` and :mod:`_thread
'Return True if the OS supports AvX'.
'yank the nth argument from the current buffer.'.
'unescape(s) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string with unescaped
'Returns the language-code associated with the given path, DCNL or None if the path
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Remove old files older than 60 days'.
'Returns the preferred language code for the given language code.
'testlist : testlist COMMA test DCNL | test'.
'Part a channel sopel is in.
'Make test cases for allocated sizes.'.
'Run the given script'.
'Downloads the Python documentation.'.
'Helper for :meth:`_WriteMessage`.'.
'Unlink identity from a user.
'Sets the permissions of a file or a directory.'.
'Make a file readable.
'Validate a commit message. DCNL :param val: The message to validate DCNL :
'Return True if given Distribution is installed in user site'.
'Waits for a volume to be retyped.
'A decorator that defines __unicode__ and __str__ methods on Python 2.
'Transpose a matrix to be a vectorized matrix.'.
'Convert a color to RGB'.
'Formats a date as the time until that date (i.e.
'Determine which configuration file to use based on the operating system'.
'Serialize Python data to JSON.
'Return a list of instance uuids on a given host.
'Delete a document if it exists.
'List all installed apps. DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Return a RFXPacket object based on its binary packet id'.
'Parse a sequence of sentences from the input string.
'Get the PyOS input hook.'.
'Extracts jenkins information from the Jenkins API response.
'Generate a unique filename for an announcement image.'.
'Returns True if given stream is valid CSV.'.
'Adds a summary to the SUMM.
'Parse credentials from command line options.'.
'Logs a message at the INFO level if the logger is enabled for the DCNL current thread
'Validates and converts a value to an integer.
'Appends `string_` to the output.
'Returns the language dictionary for the given site_id.
'js(val) -> pyjs(val) DCNL Recursively call pyjs(
'Converts a string to a list of strings.
'Read a pcap or pcapng file and return a packet list DCNL count:
'Drops missing values in y along the given axis.
'Check the journal for changes in config.
'Block a user'.
'Test the fit sample routine with a decision tree'.
'List virtual interfaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Save editor'.
'Return a dict describing specific group_type.'.
'Converts a base 36 encoded uidb36 to a base64 encoded uidb64.
'Email every day that a review has been rated yesterday.'.
'Enable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Protoc plugin.'.
'Check that copy and grouped copy work'.
'Simple BFS implementation.'.
'Returns a NodeName with the default settings, based on `hostname`.'.
'POST to kubernetes based on URL'.
'Find a location by path using all enabled finders.
'Tries to find an element with given CSS selector with an explicit timeout.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Password reset done'.
'Try to find readline lib.'.
'Return a generator that yields the results of applying the function to DCNL all items in the
'Test GridSearchCV with voting classifier'.
'Assert that first == second, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Create a QPainterPathShape from a QPainterPathPath and a Pen.'.
'Concatenates a list of tensors along an axis.
'Set a font to be used in the i18n configuration.'.
'Return a dict of all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids.
'Return a list of tuples: [[item, dir_query], [path]]
'Validates input_url for use as a Bug Tracker URL.
'Call popen and wait for it to finish.'.
'Get custom field context for Zendesk.
'Rebuild the marshal code.
'Get the indices of the constant effects and the constant variance.'.
'Try to acquire a file descriptor or server.'.
'Merge hosts and roles into a single host.
'When given a single existing key, require() returns that key.'.
'Get number rounded to three places.'.
'Click the element with the given CSS selector.
'Get xunit function by name.'.
'Reads and returns the contents of a config file as a dictionary.
'Given an asides source, read the asides data from it and DCNL return a
'Resume an instance DCNL instance_id DCNL ID of the instance to be resumed DC
'Truncates HTML after a certain number of words DCNL Argument: Number of words to truncate
'Return process information for all available processes DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the given function is not re-written with the given argument.'.
'Checks if the given GCS_URI is valid and fixes it if necessary.'.
'Show tooltip for a form field'.
'Get the Numba type for the given dtype.
'Signal handler for updating the incompatible app versions.'.
'Helper function to get GECOS field information.'.
'Returns a list of the paths from the given indexes.'.
'N324 - Don\'t use assertIsNone.'.
'Returns a list of all files in the given root directory.'.
'get driver by name'.
'Return the name of a function.
'A context manager for isolate_lru_cache.
'Get the latest VM lease for the specified network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Return zipped minibatches.'.
'Test tabs'.
'Load an object from a dotted path path to a module.
'Array.expand_dims(arr, axis=0) -> array DCNL Expands the
'Check whether two tensors are equal.
'Convert a list of issues into a dictionary.'.
'Returns the system\'s filesystem encoding.
'Displays the beta signed events page.'.
'Return a list of possible combinations of OS names and values DCNL for autodetection
'Return the hardware address on a network interface'.
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'This is an old version of the generate_dataset function.
'Convert the xml element to a geometry output xml element.'.
'Display a sequence of items in a bar chart.
'Reshape a 2D array so that it is 2D if it is a 2D
'Called before run_code_hook.'.
'Test that setting learn_scale on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
'Embed an Album object into an image file.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Execute a query against the database
'set random seeds DCNL x: number of elements to seed DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Tests retrieving a single object using the API.'.
'If the atom_element is an HTML element, replaces all elements with their DCNL
'Return the integer value of the given mode.'.
'Sums the values in array X according to the group parameter.
'Convert the xml element to a union xml element.'.
'Replace existing loggers with new ones.
'Get hardware information for all clients in a batch.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Traverse a CUDA or cugpuarray by copying x_copy to out.
'Verifies that the command output contains no text.'.
'Send multiple requests and return the results.
'Create a new flavor from the values dictionary.'.
'Parse the command-line options from the command-line.'.
'Least common prefix matching array.'.
'Return the current system offset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Plots the current axis as a polar axis.
'Return an xml document from the response body.'.
'Setup logging based on command line args.'.
'Return True if n is a tuple'.
'Wrapper for :py:meth:`boto.emr.EmrConnection.describe
'Return the full path to a package resource installed inside a virtualenv DCNL.
'Get the sentinel object.'.
'Remove a contributor from a document.'.
'A version of Django\'s add_slash() function that can operate on DCNL
'Return a list of Package entities that contain a string.
'Render DSON data into a Python data structure'.
'Redirect to project manage page'.
'Craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Find bad filenames in the toolshed repository and replace them with good filenames.'.
'Sends a message to the remote end of the bus'.
'Restart server'.
'Extracts text from the input files.'.
'Return True if the given requirement is available, False otherwise.'.
'A view that updates the user\'s preferred language in the DCNL session.
'Setup the demo camera.'.
'Return whether or not given string is a slug.'.
'Test that an error is raised when downloading is not an atomic DCNL operation.
'Creates a set of pad parameters for a curve with a given threshold value.
'Merge the load data from all returners'.
'Test the behavior of --user flag in the list command'.
'A demonstration of the rank1nes model.'.
'Test no targets.'.
'Return the path of the current process.
'Add simplified path to fill.'.
'Sends a list of Vrrp instances to the instance manager.'.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Normal processing instruction'.
'Find all tasks matching an annotation against a task.
'Returns ordered list of categories from database'.
'Convert an IP address to a binary representation. DCNL :param str ip_address:
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL multicast address in printable format.'
'Search for ports on a system by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the path of the Makefile.'.
'expression : expression PLUS expression DCNL | expression MINUS expression DCNL | expression TIME
'Wait for network IO counters to be available for the given interval.'.
'Get the root directory of a path.'.
'Enable the Jenkins job with the given name.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Transform the skin for the given text.'.
'A simple view that handles crypto login.'.
'Sums parts of a numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL data : np.ndarray
'Merges two dictionaries into one.
'Convert a timedelta to days.'.
'Serialize data to JSON.
'Create a plugin that looks like a templated one.
'Print summary statistics of a Gaussian distribution.'.
'Returns the base name of a pathname, including the directory name of its parent directory DCNL
'Get a tenant by name'.
'Dump the contents of a file to the log.'.
'Returns the gradient as a dictionary, keyed by variable name.
'Returns the index partition of `val` in `divisions`.
'<string> -- Base64 decodes <string>.'.
'Test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Return num (name, category) tuples.
'Distribute keys to all redis servers on the host.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Runs on App Engine.'.
'Read in the ext_pillar file from vault'.
'Disable password authentication DCNL :param sshd_config: The sshd configuration dictionary DC
'Loads the contents of the bucket.
'Create a test image with one spot.'.
'Test isolation forest method'.
'Return a list of (username, password) for all MongoDB users DCNL CLI Example:
'Return the current git repository.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Run or call a watch function.
'Return a pretty-print string describing a frame relation type.'.
'Get download pipeline.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Helper function to get a specific server from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Queries the database for notes.
'Get the names of all arguments to the given function.'.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Indents the text between from_row and to_row.
'A view that returns a 500 error if the request is an AJAX request.'.
'Get the list of intersection loops.'.
'Start a fif block.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Restores the state of the warnings module.
'Replaces a link in a URL.
'Returns the color name for the given value.
'Make sure add_reference_to_fileAndPath succeeds only if the two DC
'Return the current runlevel'.
'Helper function for generate_feature_and_sample().'.
'Set environment variable `key` to `value`.
'Convenience function to create an error object.'.
'Test whether a list contains exactly n elements'.
'Lower bound for the butter function.
'Get a kernel file object from a string value.
'Test that `build_wedge_text_source` returns a `ColumnDataSource`
'Return netstat routing information for BTRFSD'.
'Open the init.py file for creating the build.'.
'Only load if the SWIFT module is available.'.
'Test the extra files created after a wheel'.
'Perceptron output function. DCNL Parameters DCNL weights : Perceptron weights DC
'PDF for estimation of Gaussian distribution.
'Check that the version is valid.
'Mocked version of get_release_by_id.'.
'Implement float doctest.'.
'Return the bull graph.'.
'Run test on a distributed server.'.
'Decode a string using the standard Base64 alphabet.
'Sanitize a filename. DCNL :param filename: Filename to sanitize DCNL :type
'Takes a list of ranges and combines them into one.
'Helper for `repr` and `pprint`.'.
'Returns the TVDB absolute numbering for a TVDB viewer (season and episode) DC
'Initialize the zone table.'.
'Sanitize a URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to sanitize DCNL Return None
'Process the graph.'.
'Get the arguments from the docstring of the given object.'.
'Vectorized version of stats.dirichlet.logpdf.'.
'Return the data URL for a given MIME type and base64 encoded data.'.
'Updates a collection summary. DCNL :param collection_id: The id of the collection
'Creates a parameter of the given size.'.
'Return True if the current event is safe to use.'.
'Test rendering mri without bem.'.
'Install a requirements file into the virtualenv DCNL Args: DCNL req_file:
'Renders the storage account table details.'.
'Resets the default locale for the given category.
'Return True if the Unicode character is printable.'.
'Get the machine key of this machine.'.
'Tests to ensure it\'s possible to pass in text as an exception'.
'Return True if the given segment and section match.'.
'Test that statsd logs exceptions'.
'Returns a generator of chunks of the given sequence.'.
'Return a string containing thread names and stacktraces.'.
'Combines a list of games into a single play.
'Load a class from a string path, e.g.
'Deferred version of getattr.'.
'Find user and password for a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts URLs into clickable links, truncating URLs to the given character DC
'Test passing coordinates as arrays.'.
'Function to return the list of questions for the series corresponding to the DCNL id passed in
'Wrap negative index so that it is divisible by dim.'.
'Module homepage'.
'Test whether a file ends with one of a set of endings.
'Get a public key from the config file'.
'An argument type (for use with the ``type=`` argument to DCNL `
'Enable a service. DCNL :param service: The service to enable.'.
'Find the management module for the given app_name.
'Checks if there are doctags for the given dt'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the feature
'Returns a list of roles with the specified permission'.
'Get the followers of an object.
'Return the set of unresolved symbols in hex_code.
'Get the locale for the given category.
'Test for integer input'.
'Quotes a URL for use in a URL-encodeable Python object.
'Render the template_file using wempy'.
'Get a list of named tiles.
'Returns a dictionary with keys \'user\' and \'content_object\'.
'Return a namedtuple containing the file with the given variable DCNL name and the file extension
'Set up the sauce web browser'.
'Return True if the given path is a directory, False otherwise.
'Return the raw pillar data'.
'Retrieves the rights for the given collection.
'Find the topmost parent of a resource'.
'Get geometry output from paths.'.
'Inverse permutation of a permutation matrix.
'Add moving average to all losses.
'Returns a copy of the given BeautifulSoup element.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Connect to an in-memory server and client.
'Return the text representation of a Journal.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Sends a message to the bot, and waits for a response.'.
'Sets an indicator for a board'.
'Remove app from bench'.
'Returns the status of a task'.
'Fix VC macro backslashes in string.
'Enable or disable interactive mode DCNL rcparams[\'input\'] = b'.
'Returns a list of strings, one for each quote in the value.
'Test that sparse features are activation'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Normalize AWS facts DCNL :param metadata: AWS metadata DCNL :param facts:
'Join segment tables into the intoTable.
'Make sure that fill_include_names and fill_exclude_names work correctly.'.
'Write bytes to file descriptor \'fd\'.
'Test plot_psd on epochs.'.
'Return the organization revisions. DCNL :param id: the id or name of the
'mnc = mc2mnc(mc) DCNL mc = [1,2,3
'Get season NZBs from URL'.
'Converts a list of paths to the native platform paths.
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session'.
'Pickle data. DCNL :param data: DCNL :return:'.
'Given a function and a list of positional and keyword arguments, return an ordered DCNL
'Create a topooptimizer that is optimized in-place.
'Return a dict of block device name -> block device mapping'.
'Merge one reprconf into another.
'Remove joinable files'.
'Set audio format callbacks.
'Given a DescendantAddresses object, return a PathGlobs object for matching build DCNL
'Returns the server type.'.
'Generate fingerprints using mlab specgram'.
'Test whether an object is an instance of int.'.
'Returns a linear operator instance for the given object.'.
'Returns a datetime object for the current epoch.'.
'Test that PIL-Tkinter can\'t be imported.'.
'Suspends a connection.'.
'Try to import ImageIO and PIL, if that fails, return both.'.
'Returns the URL for the signed apps endpoint.
'Return True if in_str is empty, False otherwise.'.
'Report filter'.
'Accept connections until they are ready.'.
'Writes a mapping file to output_corrected_fp.
'Read a text file and return its content'.
'Remove mistral specific options from the config file.'.
'Show version on the device.'.
'Returns a new client authenticated with the given credentials.'.
'Return a datetime object representing the current time.
'Processes a list of urls and checks if they contain a title.
'Return a symbolic row variable.
'Ensure that port forwarding is enabled for public IP. DCNL public_ip
'Returns the media url for a given URL.'.
'Ensure floats are in range'.
'expr : NUMBER'.
'Return the current step state for the specified step name.
'Returns the URL of the page with the given slug, if it exists.'.
'Return hardware_events information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Redirect to /admin/create'.
'Checks that the command is inside a given directory, and returns the output.'.
'Save a NZB to disk DCNL :param nzbname: Name of
'Disassociate all fixed ips by timeout.'.
'nparm is the number of npyarm input files DCNL nparm is the number
'Returns a boolean of whether the specified attribute of the object matches DCNL the value of the
'Generate a signature for the given public key DCNL :param priv: The private key to
'Return foreground and background color for display.'.
'Checks to see if the response has a given header name in its Vary header.'
'Get the path to a template file.'.
'data_fun(times) -> data DCNL Parameters DCNL times : array_like
'Set site SSL certificate key for site'.
'Context manager that temporarily sets the current locale.'.
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use py__iter__ instead.'.
'Test that the icon of the Venus Form is correct.'.
'Computes the Akaike Information Percentage (Akaike) score.
'Find all socket files in search_dirs.'.
'Like load_yaml_config but sets the given filename to the given string.'.
'Returns the string representation of an IP version.'.
'Require the --help command-line tool.'.
'Takes a response and flattens it into a single string.
'Send a soft delete to the sqlite3 database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check a render pipe string.
'Return a list of sentences (as a list of sentences) separated by newlines.'
'Resource Headers for vulnerability page'.
'Return the full path to the python inc dir for this platform.'.
'Revert polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Total loss for the tower graph.'.
'Return a list of completions for a given path.
'A view that checks if the user is logged in and tries to DCNL connect to the
'Return a set of form style divs for a form'.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Make sure that `pull` is installed and ready to fetch.
'Convert an instance to a string representation.
'Install a Bokeh package into an environment.
'Compute SVD of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Creates a grid of arrays.
'Add two numbers in log space.
'Encodes a string using double-quoted URL-encode.'.
'Returns a list of (comment, flags, text) tuples.
'Parse a list of rules and return a boolean check.'.
'If res_pkg_name is different than my_pkg, append prn_separator
'Create a document in a given index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Returns a slug that is unique for the given value in the given queryset.
'Remove document permissions from the database'.
'Get the output target extension.'.
'Creates a tracking context for the given user.
'Patching images fails on invalid directory'.
'Check if path is an archive'.
'Test that pip\'s version is correct'.
'Returns True if the cap of each word in the list of words differs.
'Import all modules in the given package.'.
'Determine whether we may certify for this course.
'Activates the virtualenv at the given path, replacing the current DCNL sys.prefix
'Update user DCNL :param id_: Id of user DCNL :param field:
'Merge dictionary dest with the contents of upd.
'Prepares a request to create a cluster.
'Format the directive to add options to a module.'.
'Return the path of the current output file.
'Helper to get units.'.
'Run a function over a pair of arrays in parallel.
'Same as a >>= b.'.
'Make sure that the figure preserves font size settings'.
'Returns True if s is a multiline string, False otherwise.'.
'Test print_monitor_cv.'.
'Executes the given Studio prompt action on the page, and waits for it to
'Convert bytes to human readable format'.
'Formats a currency according to the current locale.'.
'Test classification report with long string label'.
'Remove build, installer and release directories.'.
'Assert that all given tps are not the same.'.
'Takes a corpus and author2doc mapping, and constructs the author2doc
'DELETE to delete a single resource class.
'Return the complete PSEA string for a pname'.
'Insert a host entry in the db.
'Generates a sparse autoencoder.
'Ensure that a pagerduty domain is absent.
'Install Python from scratch.'.
'Assert that \'first\' is not \'second\''.
'Test the evaluation report'.
'Issue: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/4033
'Returns True if ``f`` is irreducible in ``K[x]
'Get the timeout.'.
'Fixup a file-like object to f4.
'a = [ random(5) for w in range(10)]'.
'Gets the current simulation state.
'Return sys-encoded version of a string'.
'Returns the initial values of the form as a dict.'.
'Check out a new mission.'.
'Escape a make variable expansion in a string.'.
'Create a set of slices for an index.
'Process show version information from show_version dictionary.'.
'Check if channels have been changed and call the action function.'.
'Wait for a job to be executed on a Linode.
'Creates a user and a profile.
'Creates a client for working with Cloud Load Balancers.'.
'E.expand()'.
'Return file number of `f` if it is an integral file.
'Apply constraints to the given block vector.'.
'Sends a cookie request based on the passed in params.'.
'Gets a hosting service by name.
'Swaps the X-API host in the given URL.
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings for ethtool'.
'Get proxies from environment'.
'Temporarily save the current working directory for the duration of the DCNL context.
'Convert a runlevel to a logging level.
'Setup the NetAtmo sensor.'.
'Reads a POPULATION record from a file.
'Require the OS to be installed and running.
'Use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents.'.
'Get the kind of a key.'.
'Returns the partial maximum of a.
'Check for trailing blank lines.
'Initialize the database.'.
'Make sure we can set the template correctly'.
'Try to relax relaxation by backtracking.'.
'Given a function and an exception, return an exception that should be handled DCNL by the
'Returns a list of videos for the given course.'.
'statement : NAME'.
'Escapes characters for use in JavaScript strings.'.
'Check that all tasks are running and log them.
'Return a list of py files and extensions from a manifest file'.
'Return the single selected item.'.
'Compute the reforescence matrix between two vectors.
'Setup the RDBMS-Mysqldb stubs for the Cloud SQL server.'.
'Returns a tuple of the variables in the given scope.
'A combination of the following two functions: DCNL 1) DCNL 2) The
'Wrapper around lxml\'s tostring function.
'Removes all filenames from a descriptor and all of its children.'.
'Syntax feature without name should raise'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Get all MFA devices for a user.
'Lists all Documents with a given tag, or all Documents with a given tag.'.
'encode a string using SHA512'.
'Update the top 25 contributors.'.
'Same as a, b.'.
'Given a list of filenames, return a list of filenames that should be DCNL
'Skew symmetric cross product.'.
'Write the conditional formatting tree.'.
'Change the current workphone of the user.
'Returns a dictionary mapping head node type to list of fixers.
'Context manager for temporarily setting the in_sighandler flag.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Return a symbolic column variable.
'Return True if the given key is encrypted DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'convert a value < 1000 to an NNN word'.
'Return the contents of the Ember app folder.
'Validates configurations for LMS.
'Unregisters a hosting service.
'Decorator to indicate that a user is not logged in.'.
'Simplest possible application object'.
'Returns the content of the given section for the given course.
'Return objects whose names start with match in the case-sensitive manner.'.
'Get the width of a string DCNL :param string: The string to get DCNL
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Test downloading a VCS link.'.
'Converts sina.xml to a list of raw URLs.'.
'Create a setuptools and Python environment.
'The main function. Instantiates the module and calls process_request. DCNL Return none
'Linear Regression Advice'.
'center(x) -> array ([[[1, 2], [3, 4]]
'Language: pt-br -> sucess outline colorless'.
'Return the graph and entry nodes from the cursor.'.
'Builds the operations needed to create a new AdGroupCriterionModel.
'Test qdatastream.check_qdatastream(). DCNL Args: DCNL status
'Test whether two NumPy arrays are equal.
'Finds a drum_group device in a track or chain.'.
'Get the base directory of a dev, expanding environment variables and filenames.'.
'Prepare environment for running tests.'.
'Reduce the precision of an svg element by removing unnecessary DCNL formatting.
'Render the purchase form as HTML.
'Get command list to run given model instance.
'Account edit'.
'Return the ID of either a string ID or object.'.
'Return a list of all extractors.'.
'Find the renderer for an rdf object.'.
'Convert a file-like object to a file descriptor.
'Efficiently computes the Lell correlation coefficient DCNL Parameters DCNL a
'Open the default app for the given file name'.
'Namespace handler for CherryPy engines.'.
'If the memory is small enough, return the data.
'Print error messages to stderr.'.
'Parse a line of the form key=value.'.
'A version of joinload_all that supports eager loading.'.
'Return the number of seconds since the given timestamp.'.
'Parses the given HTML string.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
':type args: SanityConfig DCNL :type skip_tests: list[str]
'Set the creation order of an instance.'.
'Prepare input for filtering.
'Send a Firmata packet to the specified host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper for `expr` and `gens`.'.
'KEGG convolution between two databases.
'Return a redis server object'.
'Get all available regions for the VPC service.
'Return the maximum of a broadcastable variable.
'Get a list of all files in the merged store.'.
'Send a GET request to the remote resource limit and return the JSON response.'.
'Normalizes the environment variable references.
'Return the data sharing consent required at a login DCNL :param request: the request to
'Initialize the logging system for multiprocessing.'.
'serving django admin media forcefully by setting django.admin.media.
'Sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Just return the arg'.
'Validate all of the edges from a node to all of its neighbors.
'Return the symbol used by the locale for Decimals.'.
'Checks if a property value fits into a given maximum length.'.
'Folds a pysig\'s arguments into a normal function call.'.
'Decorator to mark a test as doctest.
'Return the writer associated with the given file extension.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid unary operator'.
'Test all sets'.
'Unwrap a test case into a list of test cases.'.
'Bootstrap an Ubuntu container'.
'Return True if path is a file, or is a directory with a file inside.'.
'View the contents of a desktop module'.
'Create a dict of environment variables for testing'.
'Evaluate a document against a set of filters.
'Perform a related search on the given VisualItem.'.
'Reserves a vlanid'.
'Notify about new translation.'.
'Retrieve field list for a given table'.
'Only load this module if gpg is installed'.
'Check that Precision-Recognition-FScore and F1-Score are
'Evaluates the Exponential Fourier transform for a given value x.'.
'Cleanup generated random number generators.'.
'Return all network connections of the given kind.
'Generate a URL for downloads based on year, site, and week.
'Returns a hash of the given salted and hashed key.'.
'Determine if the given keyword expression matches the given colitem.'.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test plotting of sparse source estimates.'.
'Register a new event listener.
'Reload the firewall policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Apply a strict consensus on the trees.
'Gauss wave function'.
'Extrude a gcode file'.
'Return a DCC description. DCNL.
'Roberts\' filter on a diagonal edge should be a diagonal line.'.
'Return a dask dask that partitions a DataFrame by a given column.
'A simple view that redirects to the Azure Login Page.'.
'Ensure that paths get resolved to unicode in filename'.
'Redirects to the given endpoint, or the current endpoint if none.'.
'Ensures that mag and dex are the same.'.
'Notifies the recipient of the desired event.
'Displays the current schema version.'.
'Rejects a suggested suggestion for the given thread.
'Returns True if the two blocks are mutually equivalent.
'Run a correlation test on the data_generator.'.
'Lonneck Pattern'.
'Return a set of all types that can be passed into a function.'.
'Indents the information part of a GenBank.
'Return a list of job ids, optionally filtering by jid.
'Build a WSGIRequest object for the given uri.
'Check if a given name exists in the checks list.
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Formats mapdict to pass it to tk.call.
'Checks if user has given permission on given project'.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5555: DCNL Replace a column with
'Convert a dimension and a hierarchy to a dimension string.'.
'Apply a palette to an image.
'Returns a collection summary given a collection id.
'Return the clustering of the data set of features.
'Test that nonexistent options are listed in order'.
'Run doctests'.
'Tests that hug\'s boolean type correctly handles boolean values'.
'Return a copy of the string passed in preserving whitespace.
'factorize multiple iterables into lists'.
'Return the URL to the PR API given a web URL.'.
'Download all files to the data directory'.
'Get the width of a tile\'s perimeter.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Recursively remove a directory tree.
'Format the time difference between start and end as a human-readable string.'.
'Return the line number of a line in a string, counting newlines as line separator
'Import and return a class from a module path DCNL Args: DCNL cls_path
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_stringnl_noescape_pair(
'Migrates old labels to new objects.
'Set the logger class to be used.
'Updates version number in install.rdf, json manifest and install.json'.
'Rewrite a file line by line (e.g.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Generates the java test executable.'.
'Return sosfiltfilt.'.
'Encodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed).
'Load a movie from a file and return a Movie object.'.
'If USE_I18N is true, return a list of matching patterns.'.
'Returns the index of a key in a enum.'.
'Create a new GPU from an ndarray.
'Return the time of the last health check'.
'Calculate the size of a memory array.'.
'Main function'.
'Check if the newest version of pypi is available.
'Test whether all elements of a sequence are equal.
'Returns True if user has permission to access tag namespace, False otherwise.'.
'Run a shell command and return the output'.
'Get the last change of the specified account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A number can be passed in as a number or a thousand separator.'.
'Returns True/False boolean depending on if azure is installed and correct DCNL version.'.
'Prints information about installed plugins.'.
'Given an array, return the corresponding mmap object.
'Returns the runner modules'.
'Parses a mime-type into its component parts.
'Remove cache files for filesystems'.
'Apply received command to entity'.
'check to make sure switch_orientation works properly'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'RELEASE COMPLETE Section 9.1.11'.
'Check to see if a policy exists.
'Parses page contents for absolute file paths and stores them in kb.absfilepaths'
'Test reading a config file.'.
'Uploads a file to Google Cloud Storage.
'Sets owner and owner of a resource.'.
'Set the WMI log format.
'Grant access to folders shared by the specified users.
'Returns True if the given label is discoverable on this system.'.
'Shutdown data source threads and wait for them to finish.'.
'Make a web call to the REST API'.
'Return the amount of free CPU on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add a notification driver to the list of drivers.
'Return a relative version of a path'.
'Set up the test databases.
'Generates a CSV of student data for a facility management page.
'initialise module'.
'Start a service with a fake server.'.
'Require the Aio framework to be installed.
'Returns a subsequence of \'string\' that matches the first pattern in \'pattern1
'Format a dns record for printing. DCNL :param records: DCNL :param heading
'Extract events from a Keen event collection. DCNL :param client: Keen client
'Apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Update the current system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make sure that column conversions don\'t fail.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Append a slash to a string if it doesn\'t end with one slash.'.
'Get the size of the current file in bytes.
'Create a default SSL context.'.
'Deletes a set of files.
'initialise module'.
'Validates that a user name is valid.
'base_type : IDENTIFIER DCNL | IDENTIFIER'.
'Safely set an attribute to a given value.
'Return the image object to use'.
'deploy app using git'.
'Yield successive chunks of a list.
'Returns a dictionary with keys \'base_url\', \'uploader_url
'Return version from ipset --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Takes a datetime object and returns a formatted string.'.
'Validates an email address.
'API: accepts output, callback'.
'Check if a vlan exists'.
'Return a copy of os.env.getcleanenvironment().'.
'Stop the touch event loop.'.
'Perform a regular expression replacement.
'Test the replay_load function with a valid template_name'.
'Test mock RTClient.'.
'Represent project status'.
'Checks the validity of a DNS bucket name DCNL :param bucket_name: The
'Initialize cycle for colors.'.
'The final layer of the network DCNL Parameters DCNL training_data : list of (
'Downloads the data from a URL to a named file.
'Returns an HTML header and body.'.
'Parse a directive. DCNL Returns: DCNL (dir, name) DCNL (
'Cleans locks. DCNL Returns a dict of {\'lock\': \'
'Call the given function with a connection and retry on failure.
'Get vector3 by float list.'.
'Check whether the buckets match.'.
'Return a git line for the given items.'.
'Formats a float as a human-readable string.'.
'Adds the number of elements in `iterable` to `mapping`.'.
'Runs cmd_args on all the nodes in output_dir DCNL runner is a
'Get the text lines.'.
'Determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path.'.
'Returns the number of results for a given search query.
'Returns dataset from CSV stream.'.
'Read GPI 1.1 format files (PRIVATE).
'Returns a generator of all possible field names for a model.
'Split the counts into buckets and fill-levels in n buckets.'.
'list-available - list available spiders'.
'Search for labels and return a dict DCNL with a \'label-list\' key
'yaml: run DCNL Set the value of a run parameter DCNL Requires the Jenkins :
'Validate the vcpu_pin_set setting.
'This view generates a snippet edit page.
'Mark a worker as having received a Claim for cleanup.
'Convert a version string into a list'.
'Find a rescue device for the instance.'.
'Return a set of all installed apps.'.
'Return Series with missing values removed.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return whether the schedule is enabled
'Show all of the network interfaces on the current machine.
'Return information about the MySQL server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if a file exists in the user\'s home directory.
'Plot legend.'.
'Sets the integer value to a string.
'Load a git repository from the given path.
'Print the app alias to stdout.'.
'Converts a failuredict to a Failure object.
'Calculates a checksum for an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Create a memoryview of the given size.'.
'Generate go test.'.
'Simimplify a variable coefficient.
'Return a host string from lease data.'.
'Resets the repository.'.
'Computes the contrastive loss.
'Returns a dict with username and key from saucelabs config'.
'Initialize the module'.
'Return the href of the current page, or \'None\' if no href is found
'Check a filename against a list of regex expressions and return a DCNL tuple of (match
'Return a regular expression string to replace the given prefix.'.
'Handles a value that can be a filter expression or a variable.
'Return a new organization object with localized names and localized names DCNL :param ava
'Set whether the remote login function is on or off.
'Checks the given password against the given username DCNL Args: DCNL username (str
'Given a list of mappings, return a list of unused LUN IDs.'.
'Runs yui-compressor on a file.
'Perform a WOEID search and return the result.'.
'A context manager that yields a Secret model.'.
'expression : NUMBER'.
'copies a template directory to the copy_to location'.
'Validates if the field is present in the graph.
'Log any exception raised in the given future.'.
'Return a dictionary of keyword arguments for the given class.
'START DTMF Section 9.3.17'.
'Test the fitness of a genome.'.
'Return the global Twisted plugin registry.'.
'Covariance copula for equivalence'.
'Preload a module. DCNL :param modules: DCNL :return:'.
'Translate a formula to a formula'.
'Require Celery to be enabled for logging.'.
'Returns True if the given course is the first course with more enrollments than the maximum DC
'Group package show. DCNL :param id: the id of the group to show.
'Imports all modules.'.
'Dumps the current schema to stdout.
'Manage imported files for a version.'.
'Get the RSA public key for a given number and expiration.'.
'Converts a list of strings into a numpy array.
'set(key, value) DCNL Set the value of a config option'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Returns a list of subplotspecs.
'Attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset.
'Run a command and wait for it to finish.'.
'Encodes an integer according to the rules in RFC 4122.
'return a boolean from the value'.
'Get the name of a user DCNL.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Takes a list of arguments and a dictionary of keyword arguments, DCNL and returns
'Import secedit config file DCNL Return True if successful, False if failed'.
'Set attributes on an SQS queue.
'Given a CCX and a node, return the corresponding \'start\' or \'
'Get the fundamentals directory path.'.
'Delete an existing virtual.
'Helper function to render a form field with optional label and class.'.
'Shuffles an array along a given axis.
'>>> x = test_del_in_generator() DCNL >>> test_
'Clear the cache.'.
'Enable/Disable a locale change for the given locale name.
'Split the data into a list of null strings.'.
'Execute a command in a subshell, return stdout.
'Returns the coverage tree for all files in the base directory.
'Validates that the argument is a positive integer.
'Prints the number of bytes consumed by the user.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no steps'.
'Return all metrics'.
'Mangle a mangle_mako_loop that looks like for loops.'.
'Builds the expected frequency matrix from the exponential table.'.
'Return the toctree for the given docname.'.
'Return the project data directory, creating it if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return True if SetupWizard panes are visible'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Raises an error if the
'Compute the Hadamard product of the given matrices.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'given a course_id and comment_id, update this comment DCNL ajax only'
'Generate the response headers based on the info'.
'Convert ip to rsync format'.
'Helper function to prepare all nodes for the workflow.'.
'Start the container.'.
'Lookup the instance by name_label.'.
'Find the directory of the tcl and tk modules.
'Setup the Limitlessled platform.'.
'Takes a row and a list of column parsers and applies them to each DC
'Get free space and total space for a folder on a Windows system DCNL :param folder
'Determines if bracket filtering should be excluded.
'Pull from Transifex.'.
'Send a single row to VirusTotal.
'Convert a key, value pair to a BSON document.
'Write a string of data with the given format and comment.'.
'Translate an application error to a ImagesError, if possible.
'Decorator for abstract classes.
'Create or verify a core directory.
'Get the precision.'.
'Remove all empty lines from a text.'.
'Delete the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sets the time zone for the current user.
'Decodes the input image with the given rings.'.
'Returns the value of a key in the configuration, or the default value DCNL if the
'Get the namespaces from the API server.'.
'Display a gcode linear move text.'.
'Checks that a Reference is valid.
'Create a link XML element.
'Add a policy to a user.
'>>> ipyfunc2() DCNL >>> ipyfunc2() DCNL
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return module name'.
'Return the documented in the given docstring for the given object.'.
'Test the behavior of --format=columns flag in the list command'.
'Determine if the loop is crossing inside the x segment.'.
'Fake version of get_platform().'.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Detach a device from a
'Sets the channel mask.'.
'Adds platform specific path to sys.path'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a new container associated with the storage
'Test for reproducible PDF output'.
'List permissions for a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a slice of the queryset.
'Create a Channel object and return it. DCNL Parameters DCNL ctype : Channel DC
'Show an error message in a wx.Dialog'.
'Check the PATH for the given command.
'Run the configured interface plugins.'.
'Setup the GPS sensor.'.
'Remux audio.'.
'Sanitises the JSON error returned by json.dump().
'Translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression.
'Gets the members of the team with team_name.
'Install a module. DCNL :param str conf_module_name: The name of
'ContactField delete'.
'Remove the version from the URL.
'Unpacks a string of the form "ABCDEFDEFDEFDEFDEFDEFDEFDEF
'Test fancyarrow_dpi_cor_100dpi'.
'Returns the linear recurrence of ``n`` DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int DC
'Test the creation of a CSP pipeline'.
'Returns ``True`` if ``a`` and ``b`` are close enough
'Returns a list of line strings from a file, one per line, separated by DCNL
'Update the list of supported locales for all webapps.'.
'Return a list of options for selecting from CAP alert email addresses DCNL.
'Quit window'.
'Parses `string` and returns `dict` with interpolated `cache_slug`.
'Test get_repr.'.
'Return the Unicode name of the file, or None if the file does not exist.'.
'Index_receivables page: displays all receivables'.
'Check for imports on separate lines.
'Return a VersioneerConfig object.'.
'Pause containers in the docker-compose file, service_names is a python DCNL list
'Run vulture against a list of files.
'Determine the disk image type.
'This will store a relationship in the context.
'Return a link to the document root.'.
'Returns the output filename.'.
'Inserts a new query into the database.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Send and receive packets at regular intervals, then send them to the socket.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``repeat {repeat:
'Return a_path relative to reference_path'.
'Get triangle distance.'.
'Recursively deletes app tarballs in the specified location.'.
'Update the translation catalogs in the project'.
'Extract the sign, intpart, fraction, and expo from a string.
'Refresh the brew database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Compute the precession matrix from fromepoch and toepoch.'.
'Evaluate a ppolynomial on a new point.
'Ensure that both stdout and stderr are closed when the pipeline terminates'.
'Returns the stored primary server name'.
'put(api_key, url, data) DCNL Sends a PUT request to
'Create a CourseGrader from a dictionary of subgrader configurations.
'Install yum'.
'Log a message with severity \'ERROR\' on the root logger, with exception DCNL
'Received configuration information'.
'Set a custom icon for a file or directory'.
'Set environment variable \'WORKER_DATA\' to \'data_tmpdir\'
'>> split <regexp> DCNL Split <regexp> into <regexp>'.
'Group Status: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Fetches all datastore entities in all namespaces.
'Returns a list of test hooks from a list of test modules.'.
'Lookup a hostname in the ssh config DCNL :param hostname: The hostname to lookup DC
'Reads a test file and returns a tuple (start, end).
'Return True if a is a numeric string array and b is a numpy array'.
'Get order arguments from request.args.'.
'Setup backups'.
'Creates a new admin user and assigns it the username.
'Step has repr'.
'Iterates over the items of a multidict or generator.
'Test cx_oracle'.
'Set up and dispatch the emails.'.
'Return a list of SQLObject classes for all tables in the database.
'Set movie title. DCNL.
'Signal to remove a user from the site\'s people list when a profile is deleted.'
'Checks if argument is greater than or equal to the maximum'.
'\'a1i123\',3,1 --> 6,dict(123,
'Parse the output from an OpenSSH command.
'Return a FileDigest object for the given file in the project tree.'.
'Returns a string representation of dictionary attributes.'.
'Renders the learner profile page.
'Escalate questions.'.
'Searches Google for a query.'.
'for testing'.
'Return True if Raindrop is in progress, False otherwise.'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'lae should have 2 dimensions'.
'Get all volume types belonging to a group.'.
'Calculates the fitness for the given genome.
'Open a cover. DCNL :param entity_id: The id of the cover to
'Resets the API key for the user.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Display the gallery of images.'.
'P-values correction using the FDR correction method.
'Looks to see if GPG is installed'.
'Get the fort details for a given location.'.
'Bottom an svg text.'.
'Download a dailymotion video DCNL :param url: URL to download DCNL :param
'Return True if the string contains surrogates.'.
'Helper function to format the coredump stdout into a dict'.
'API: accepts name, output, pp, script, nzbname'.
'Tries to figure out the OS version used and returns DCNL a tuple (system,
'Test converting spherical to cartesian'.
'Split a mime-type into its main and sub-types.
'Returns the environ proxies for the given URL.
'Check to see if there are any messages to send'.
'Check if user has access to the course_key.
'Fixture providing a script for testing.'.
'disable a haproxy server DCNL name DCNL Name of the haproxy server DCNL
'Display the mac address for an interface'.
'Print a summary of all migrations in the given list of apps.'.
'Creates a sitelink feed item from the provided Feed Items object.
'Return the value of the named release attribute in the current DCNL distro.
'Removes the destination directory for the given name if it exists.'.
'Returns True if color is a foreground color.
'Get a user from yubico'.
'Set or unset keys for a monitored type.'.
'Get EEG channel indices.'.
'Get evoked data.'.
'Check for multi-package files'.
'Deserializes a usage key string into a UsageKey object.
'Returns a dictionary of all queries performed by all plugins.'.
'Group delete view'.
'Set a value in a config section.
'Sets the script prefix.
'Create version info.'.
'Return the list of configuration options. DCNL :param id: the id or name of
'Generate a project list and write it to fp.
'Update an existing resource in the dstpath.
'Write a table as a fixed width table.'.
'Return a list of identity nodes in the given graph.'.
'Return an empty collection object.'.
'Verify that the given package is not installed.
'Make Linux running on this machine standby'.
'Given a list of xblock types, return a string containing the block url.'.
'Returns the log of the factorial of `x`.'.
'Guess a URL\'s scheme.'.
'Returns True if \'distinct()\' should be used to query the given lookup
'Kill all child processes and kill them.
'Return a list of packages that match the given package names.
'Leave the group, add a callback, leave the group and return the left group.'.
'Test division by string'.
'Make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis.
'wrapper for functions that don\'t actually interact with the screen'.
'Simple view to echo back information about uploaded files'.
'Returns the last non-empty element in a list, or None if the DCNL list
'Make sample data'.
'Unlock an account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'given a course_id and thread_id, vote for this thread DCNL request:
'Import a document DCNL :param d: Document data (dict) DCNL :param
'Check if the packet is an okay packet'.
'Opens the specified.app file.'.
'Hash a plaintext password.
'Populate project attributes.'.
'Sends a request to the auth server to generate an access token.
'Get VTK output.'.
'Returns a list of cached trees for the given queryset.'.
'Get logo option as integer. DCNL.
'List all scheduled requests.'.
'Test the permutation_t_test function.'.
'Activate an account. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param key:
'Parse a rule into a tuple of (rule_name, rule_value).
'Return the distribution object for a Linux distribution.
'Tests that bleach is idempotent'.
'Computes the R-squared error function.
'Find a configuration file by path.
'Returns a URL for the given view name that is not prefixed.'.
'Delete virtual interface from the database.'.
'Builds a list of key=value pairs to be passed to the REST API with DC
'Takes a certificate in binary DER format and returns the DCNL DER-encoded certificate
'Set the locale for the given category.
'Add a module to the gencache.'.
'Task error handler. DCNL Logs any exceptions that occur during the task.'.
'Formats args and kw according to the given element factory etype.'.
'Use wx_accelerator function to convert wx_agg to wx_image.'.
'Return a dersetof() object with the given objects.'.
'Send pong event.'.
'Generate a random secret with the given number of bytes'.
'Returns a tuple of (min_val >= -tol) and (min_val
'Clean up the db content after the db is closed.'.
'Returns a list of CSS dependencies for the given group.'.
'Return a dict of the differences between the original and new dictionary.
'Test tensor.is_flat.'.
'MacDext - Quick Moving Average'.
'Cleans orphan user/group permissions'.
'join(seq) -> str DCNL Joins sequences of unicode strings into a single string
'Reboot a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test if a test app can be deployed.'.
'Compute the fundamental P from a fundamental matrix.'.
'apply_with_return_error(a, b) -> b DCNL Apply the
'rjust(s, width) -> string DCNL Return a right-justified version
'Generate the metrics list and replace the token with the substitutions.'.
'Validate the node json.'.
'Verifies that the command output of the last command doesn\'t contain DCNL the expected
'Remove the test file.'.
'Takes a language code and returns the resulting code as a string.'.
'Wrapper around distutils.setup that allows us to pass additional args to DCNL distutils
'Update data when a push is complete.
'Language should be English by default'.
'Test that we can construct a random tree'.
'Extract settings from a config and return them in a dict DCNL :param master_settings
'A wrapper around the pytest_runtest_makereport hook.'.
'Cleave an svg file.'.
'Adds the messages to the context.'.
'Disable desktop lockdown on a node.
'Start a server in a separate thread.
'Add a tenant to the flavor access list.'.
'Enumerates all the time zone names in the registry.'.
'Embed an album. DCNL :param log: The embed log DCNL :param album
'Return a threshold sequence of length n with index m in the right order'.
'Convert a date string or sequence of dates to a date number. DCNL :param d
'Return a list of available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Issue a deprecation warning.
'Shift a path to the beginning of a script or path DCNL :param path_info
'Return a list of files that match a given pattern DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a grant query'.
'Computes the variance for a given set of indicators.
'Get the next device name from the list of devices.
'Test that a MininetCluster can be instantiated.'.
'Helper to get the pyo code format and data type.'.
'Delete a user via rabbitmqctl user_delete command.
'validate and return a converted value for option of type \'name\''.
'For GEOS routines that return an integer value.'.
'Return a pretty-printed version of the string.'.
'Find the top level of the autotest tree.'.
'Convert a legacy fs_desc_string to a fs_flags object.'.
'Return the lib/feeds directory.
'Makes a pkgng-aware installation.
'Returns the memcache key for a given collection.
'If ret is true, exit with an exit code of 1'.
'Save a set of predictions to a file.
'Formats a datetime object as a UTC date string.'.
'Return the number value of a boolean argument.'.
'Get the hiveserver2-kerberos principal for the given hostname or IP.'.
'Returns the python module for the given app label.
'Get the Windows directory.
'Generates a course key for the given org and number.
'Given a list of url templates and a platform info, return the download url for DCNL
'show_instance(name, DCNL call=None) DCNL show_instance(
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Fixture to return a list of view types.'.
'Check if a collection exists.
'Test plotting of ICA scores.'.
'Quote an etag. DCNL :param etag: The etag to quote DCNL Return The
'Splits the list of fitnesses based on the median of the median of DCNL fitness
'CSV column names don\'t match'.
'Return a string containing the bounding box header and the hires header'.
'Returns a list of function calls made by the given optimizer on the given DCNL functions
'Load fault manager configuration from path DCNL path : string DCNL path to fmadm
'Add a contact to the sync table'.
'Get SAML provider DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion boto_saml
'Write backrefs to target'.
'Check a list of issues, optionally after a given date.
'Returns a constant image.
'select_fds(fds, timeout=None, selector=None) -> list
'Course management page.
'Prints help text for x.'.
'Add the specified LUN to the specified VDI record.
'Raise ``exc`` if ``func(*args, **kwds)
'Converts an instance of Castra to Dask if needed.
'Determine if the circuit represents a scalar non-sparse matrix.
'Takes a list of validation errors or exceptions and yields their messages'.
'Ensure that the named service is disabled. DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Recursively flatten a NumPy array.
'Returns a public key object from PEM text.'.
'Returns a list of profile names for install server'.
'Return the absolute path to test file with the given name.'.
'Manage binaries DCNL :param config: Maintenance configuration DCNL :type config:
'Creates an xml tree for the multi-choice question.
'Given a path to an asset, get a versioned asset URL.
'Check if convert is installed on the system.'.
'Release title descriptions. DCNL.
'Squeeze the output.
'A context manager which will pin the current thread and DCNL enable it as the master.
'Returns a tuple of values for the given record\'s keys.'.
'Get all group snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'Make sure the command can be passed to subprocess.Popen.'.
'Mark the project bootstrapped'.
'Converts a sequence of plain text strings into a list of safe text strings.'.
'Returns w3af version as a dict'.
'Only works on Windows systems'.
'Load the parser result store'.
'Returns the number of tests that match the query.
'Returns a L{TranslationUnit} object for the given language.
'Return a query to find a consistencygroup that is creating from a source.
'Determine if the line is inline.'.
'Check whether a file is newer than another.'.
'Return a string representation of a tuple.'.
'Project resync hook'.
'Return the input length of a convolution given output length and filter size.
'Returns the transparent rendition module.'.
'Identifies all names in the given code.
'Cancel a draft.'.
'Setup the MQTT Room sensor.'.
'Lift a function into a new loop, and return the lifted function.'.
'MODIFY REJECT Section 9.3.11'.
'Returns a sorted list of the mapping keys in the string s.
'Use the orgunitaddressbook functionality.'.
'Returns True if we\'re running from a loader.
'Check a word for spelling.'.
'Delete an ELB. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL CLI
'Return a constant (1-n) version of model filled with zeros.
'Decrypts a string \'cypher\' with the public key \'key\''
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Sailthru get a list from the email marketing provider.'.
'Validate the resource passed to the JID.
'Returns True if the user should skip the entrance exam.'.
'Decompose a kernel into a kernel with 2.x templates.
'Check that the composition is of the correct kind.'.
'Returns True if the value of the given field is ``NOT NULL``.'.
'Converts a string representation of a VCARD into a VCard object.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'toggle data register D4 bit'.
'Test argument splitter.'.
'Returns a slice of the list.
'Delete an Elastic Network Interface.
'Like pprint, but returns a string if the value is a Python object.'.
'Check if a process is running with the given pid.
'Return a list of users.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Creates a summary of a collection.
'Confirm all alerts'.
'Converts an integer to its ordinal as a string.
'Update resource for quotas.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Create a group with permissions for document editors.'.
'Test that the input space is discarded when the training is DCNL done with a single input
'A helper function for multiplication of matvecs.
'Create an sls file from the specified source and destination DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Change the interface MAC address back to the original MAC address'.
'Quote a string for use in a cookie header.'.
'Get the status of the latest releases for an episode, or None if there are no releases
'Split privileges and object type into (object_type, privileges, _privs
'Compile a Python source string (as a Python source object).
'Validate that we should sleep for the amount of time given by the minutes DCNL CLI Example
'Test package-back patching'.
'Return a dictionary of all configuration variables relevant for this platform.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Get user info from access_key and secret_key DCNL :param access_key
'Install pyui into the default reactor.
'A replacement for Django\'s redirect() function that appends a slash to the end of
'Find all python modules in a given folder'.
'Return the mode that should be used to clean up a file DCNL :param mode:
'Determine if an IP address is shortened.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Return a normalized source file name, if the source is relative, otherwise return DCNL the
'The main function for this script.'.
'Builds the vmdk attach config spec.'.
'Internal function used to reset a syslog or ESXi host to a specific state.'
'Read one RECORD record.
'Return a JS alert message.'.
'Get the size of a Docker image DCNL :param str file: The path to the
'Create a new limit.'.
'Returns the smallest integer between low and high, or the default if unknown.'.
'Returns the configured profile image storage class.'.
'Returns an MD5 hash of the given filename.'.
'Update source and context index for given unit.'.
'Deactivates one or more packages if inactive.'.
'A demonstration of the clustering algorithm.'.
'Perform any pending upgrades, such as installing a new master or updating an existing DCNL
'Returns a value from the request\'s GET or POST dict, if present.'.
'Update the supported locales for a single webapp'.
'Convert an asyncio.future to a ``tornado.concurrent.Future``.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Remove the null handler from the root logger.'.
'This function takes an InputSource and an optional base URL and DCNL returns a fully resolved InputSource
'Aux function.'.
'zero_div(x) -> broadcast_like DCNL Zero_div(x)
'Powers up the managed server.
'Backup monitors\' configuration to JSON.
'Get all files in a subdir.'.
'Get the uid (uid) of the current process.
'harvest uses test runner'.
'In `prompt_and_delete_repo()`, if the user wants to delete the
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test unlink_identity service API call.'.
'Returns locale-relative URL.'.
'Build a websocket upgrade request.
'Return nobody\'s uid'.
'Parse the contents of a file into docstrings, lines, etc.'.
'Wrapper for inserting int64 features into Example proto.'.
'Ensure that cons lists are tokenized correctly'.
'Get the description of available video tracks. DCNL.
'Create a file with the given name and encoding.'.
'Test importing vispy modules'.
'Return a list of redis error classes.'.
'Get the info object for a single nupic model.'.
'Get a mask of missing values from sequences.'.
'Returns a tuple of shape (rows,cols) where rows and cols are the same
'Join two or more path components together and return the resulting path.
'Split objs into two lists using predicate `pred`.'.
'Call f(inp, out, inp) with both stdin and stdout.'.
'Test isfile validation.'.
'Returns the categorical logpmf of a set of logits.
'Send message to skype and return the output.'.
'Print a Python representation of an expression.
'Creates a URL from the given url parameters.
'Return the language code for the given locale name.
'Returns a copy of `it` partitioned by the indices in `part`.'.
'Context manager that creates a temporary style file and reloads it.
'Converts a network number to a binary representation.'.
'Displays the robots page.'.
'Returns the value for a given metric name'.
'generate quick_kanban_board doc for given board_name and field_name'
'List all repos. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Set the HTTP cookie'.
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'Simple test for evform'.
'Bootstrapping a DNS provider. DCNL.
'Decode a list of binary (timestamp, token) tuples.
'Return a list of keypairs for this VM'.
'Check for keys in Python 3000.
'Puts item into recon cache.
'Return a list of diffsets in the review that have comments.'.
'Create a DerBitString object, already initialized with the binstring.'.
'Renders text in plain text if rich_text is true.
'Extract constant value from x.
'hook.removePost(klass, name, func) -> None DCNL Remove a function
'Renders the storage account details.'.
'Returns a tuple of (status_running, urls)'.
'Render a price property for the given item.'.
'Test making a sphere model.'.
'Get an image volume cache by volume id.'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Renders auth name as html'.
'Create test cache folder'.
'Uninstall flocker on all given nodes.
'Add sync methods to a class if they don\'t already exist.'.
'Return a string representing a color in equal space.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Render the power of a list of children.
'Scan for files in the output folder using Nikola\'s recursive listing.'.
'Get the profile name.'.
'Returns a list of URLs to proxy for this project.
'Restart the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a list of indices to a comma-separated string.'.
'Delete a file DCNL :param filename: Path to the file DCNL :param delete
'Return human-readable representation of number of bytes.
'Refresh the RabbitMQ database from the RabbitMQ master'.
'Safe version of update_last_login that catches database errors.
'Return the prefix of the pattern.'.
'Test that no srcdir exists'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``seekcur {DURATION
'Returns the base64 encoded profile string'.
'Print a list of strings.'.
'Create a xml test runner'.
'JSON encoder for NumPy arrays.
'Calculate the number of elements in the beam'.
'Execute a command. DCNL :param cmd: The command to execute DCNL :param
'Return a two-tuple of the reactor and a daemon thread.'.
'Get the serial number of this machine.
'Creates an instance of the push module.'.
'A simple view that dumps threads to a file.'.
'Attempt to qualify all targets that depend on this toolset.
'Get style value.'.
'Generate a sequence of random usernames.'.
'Linear Regression Angle'.
'Clears a volume. DCNL :param path: Path to the volume. DCNL
'Test integer constructor.'.
'Returns the platform string for the current platform.
'Update conn info if needed.'.
'Test that arg_of_sigmoid returns a type error'.
'Makes a TOTP code.
'JSON-encodes the given Python object.'.
'Returns the oned norm of a matrix.'.
'Unpacks a JavaScript source string into a Python object.
'Return True if line ends with CR or LF.'.
'List all services.'.
'Return True if *address* is a valid CIDR.
'Loads a pickled object from a file.'.
'Get the submodule name of a full name.'.
'Destroy the block device mapping.'.
'Get perfdata for counter_name in the given format.
'List all the certificates in the specified certificate store.
'Return a failure code string'.
'Return the auth url'.
'Given a list of strings and a formatted string, return the corresponding user DCNL or None
'Split an email address into its local part and domain.'.
'Convert a value to a native value DCNL :param value: The value to be converted
'Get user by username.
'Upload the previous version to the PDF.'.
'Test whether a value is even.'.
'Format the jid correctly'.
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Lrap test for classification. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true : numpy.nd
'Get moto version.'.
'Prepare to run tests.'.
'Handles file uploads. DCNL :param path: Path to the file to be
'Inject field overrides into every block in the course.
'Checks for misordered fields in the entries dictionary.
'Get all reservations for a project.'.
'Walk the directory tree of test targets.
'Return the string representation of text.
'Return the symbol used to differentiate between minus and sign.'.
'Compares the current configuration with the local configuration.
'Returns PUT data.'.
'Renders the loader for editing the given user'.
'Converts \'first_name\' to \'First name\''.
'Perform key expansion on a string.
'Determine if the given line is probably a part of multiline.'.
'Unpack an ASF_IMAGE structure from data.'.
'Create a NZB XML string. DCNL :param file_elements: List of
'Set signals. DCNL :param sig_handler_dict: Dictionary of dictionary of signal
'Asynchronously updates a sequence of entities.
'Adds a new entry in the breadcrumbs for all active contexts.
'Plots the current figure.'.
'Return the age of the logs buffer.
'Writes the XML content to a file if it has changed.
'Render the constants.'.
'Create a directory and all of its parents.
'Get media descriptor\'s tracks. DCNL.
'Get the evaluated string.'.
'Return the IP assigned to a network interface.
'Split a LaTeX string on a single separator.
'Save any changed session data.'.
'Import a module, but don\'t raise an error if the module isn\'t found
'Return the current journal'.
'Try to rename an existing file.
'Returns True if cache entry is in grace period, False otherwise.'.
'Fix up enum names in an object by adding them to the attribute DCNL of the object
'Call the given function on each node in the expression.
'Loads a command class from the given app_name.
'Sends a message to a mattermost channel or username.
'Convert a matplotlib color to a Qt QColor object'.
'Print all the categories. If no parent_category_name is given, all the categories
'Get dataset version.'.
'Default return structure'.
'Escape all special characters in a byte string.'.
'Return the f-option from the opts, None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Authenticate with WNS.
'Fixture providing a header checker.'.
'Determine if two transformation matrices are the same.'.
'Make sure the read_tab function works as expected'.
'django can specify scenarios to run'.
'Validate inbound/outbound bufsize arguments.
'Create the default signal map for this system.
'Get the tslice.'.
'Return a list of dependency versions'.
'Get event manager of media list. DCNL.
'Return a function that returns a tuple of itemgetter arguments.
'Get local and observed rvs.'.
'Convert a time to a datetime'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Return a list of dtype kinds in the order in which they appear in the DCNL list
'Sends a command to the console and waits for it to finish.'.
'Updates all translations.'.
'Adds the given tools to the msvs plugin.'.
'Return the mean of all classes in y.
'Check that the currently logged-in user has permissions on the given trigger.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'This is a no-op.
'Create an IKEPolicy DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'Test passing arguments'.
'Prints one vector to stdout.'.
'Parse step syslog file. DCNL :param fs: Path to step log DCNL
'Reload Django\'s urlconf, if it has been set.'.
'Run a shell command for a job.
'Returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table, DCNL where each
'Adds a new language to the translations file'.
'Return a list of MAC addresses for the specified domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'Creates a client for working with cloud networks.'.
'Return a list of (name, args, rtype) for all function prototypes in
'Return all metrics'.
'If \'DEBUG\' is true, append a traceback to the log message.'.
'Compute the time series correlation DCNL Parameters DCNL frame1 : DataFrame DCNL DataFrame DC
'Determine if the method is out of line.
'Generate the noise matrix.'.
'Formats the stack outputs.
'Convert a cell reference string to a tuple (row,col).
'Tests inheritance of multiple forms.'.
'Write the header position to a fif file.
'Return the latest records for a resource DCNL.
'Get paste_deploy.flavor config item.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Return series auto-identified by another series'.
'Get the comment form target.'.
'Handle the shared login logic for both Django and Django.'.
'Create an action form for exporting file formats.'.
'Prepare inverse operator info. DCNL Parameters DCNL inverse_operator : dict DCNL inverse
'Check for key in Python 3000.'.
'Return a query filtered by the provided filter.
'Generates a random job prefix.
'Displays the About page.'.
'The restful handler for videos requests.
'Return a open file object for the given filename.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket.get
'This view generates a sitemap with additional geographic DCNL elements defined by Google.'.
'Create a Layer from a viewer config.'.
'Get proxies from environment'.
'Return the most recent incomplete item for a given user.
'Test for `plaintext.formatter.Formatter`'.
'Komodo editor'.
'Check if a directory exists DCNL :param dirname: Directory to check DCNL :param
'Only load this module if memcache is installed'.
'Pause an animation.'.
'Respond with an SMS message.'.
'Migrate facts from one role to another.'.
'Removes the partition from the specified version of the device.
'Returns the relevance logs for all nodes that are primary descendants of the given root node
'Open a file for reading, returning a file descriptor.
'Returns True if the class has a set of labels, False otherwise.'.
'Fix text indentation.'.
'Render given tmplstr using given context using Genshi\'s template engine.
'Parse options and return a cluster object.'.
'Return create exceptions'.
'Ensure that the named option is set to the given value.
'Helper to create a variable with weight decay.
'Returns the sum of the gradients of x, y, z.
'Run tests from __main__ if available.
'given a course_id and comment_id, delete this comment DCNL ajax only'
'Convert a list of paths to absolute paths.
'Test colormap normalize function.'.
'Get the md5sum for a file.
'Return True if the string contains only printable characters.'.
'Check user and group existance'.
'Given a website and link, add the social link if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Revert a document to a given revision.'.
'Wait until winrm connection can be established.'.
'Updates the stim with the given text.'.
'Check for dynamic flow information in the current scope.'.
'Open a web page in a browser'.
'API: accepts output, value(=files)'.
'Create a context dictionary from sample data.'.
'Renders all registered navigation bar hooks'.
'Check if a domain is valid'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'ContactType delete'.
'Given a user and a list of permissions, returns a list of those permissions that DCNL
'Sends mail using a template.
'Displays a list of available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find the currently selected node.
'Return a parser that parses a class.
'Freeze login details for API calls.'.
'Implementation of the Edmonds-Karp algorithm.
'Returns True if request.accept_mimetypes[best_match] == \'json
'Test that the column and column types are the same'.
'Set the element to the start and end.'.
'Sends a message via EmailMultiAlternatives, optionally attaching HTML as an alternative DC
'Remove all duplicates from list'.
'Returns the current time formatted using the given format and utc offset'.
'Read a thrift page header from a file-like object.'.
'Parse a requirements file and return an iterator of Requirement objects.
'Compute the WCS signature for a challenge.
'Get the normal by the path.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a normal timestamp.'.
'Get all volume types belonging to a group.'.
'Returns the name of the write index for a group.'.
'Set cache directory.'.
'Verify that a string is a valid file.
'Submits a task to send a batch email for a course_email.
'Normalize angles so that angles between -1 and +1 are represented DCNL
'Get the size of the backend specified by the URI.'.
'Try to write the string s to the fileobj using the fallback encoding, if possible.
'API: accepts output'.
'Reloads the named service.
'Test registering a filter.'.
'Convert a domain name into its textual form. DCNL.
'Create a one-like sparse variable.'.
'Check for vi line headers.
'Dedent a list of lines.
'Return a random string of length chars from chars, except for chars that are not in bad
'Given a cookie in the format used by the HTTP header, this function DCNL returns a
'Return the indentation of the given line.'.
'Compare two sets of data values DCNL count: number of time steps to compare DCNL
'Convert the libcloud LoadBalancer object into something more serializable.'.
'Check if the integrity of the SQLMap database is correct.
'Strip the quotes from the newsgroup text.'.
'RGB to HSV from tuple'.
'Calls RTLGetVersion. DCNL.
'Convert string to array'.
'Generates a sample of rois from the roidb.'.
'Create a container from a POST body. DCNL :param headers: The headers from the
'Makes a name from package and module.'.
'Ensure that a logical volume group is absent DCNL name DCNL The logical volume
'Checkout cancel'.
'Start keeping the global error count for this test.'.
'Iterate over the records in a TSV file.
'Check if we\'re running in Python 2.x or Python 3.x.
'Generate an md5 hash of a file.
'Checks if a string is a valid format for being a hidden service address.
'Get the Twitter notification service.'.
'Runs all the script tests and returns the results.
'Return ami metadata DCNL :rtype: dict'.
'Return a match for the given referer pattern, or raise an exception'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Disable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the stroke radius of the elementNode by prefix.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9.1.16'.
'Suggest a semantic version of a given string.
'Returns a list of paramtuples from a list of layers'.
'Compare two packages by version.
'Create a new agent.'.
'Returns the first `count` items in `iterable`.'.
'Split a path in multiple parts, returning a list of the parts.
'Test that the correctness of the correlation matrix is achieved.'.
'Raises an exception if the given attribute name is a reserved word.
'Save the certificate to disk DCNL name DCNL The name of the certificate to be saved
'Squeezing operation on a 2x2 tensor DCNL Parameters DCNL input_
'Read the data from a 64-bit archive file and return the end record.'.
'Create a toplevel widget.
'Save all the files to disk.'.
'Creates a new shell for the given app and database.'.
'Check that all filepaths in f exist'.
'Ceil(x) -> int DCNL Returns the smallest integer x, rounded down.'
'Wait for the specified jid to complete.'.
'This is a wrapper around viewmode.get(hdrs, content, limit, log
'Return the path of pyconfig.h.'.
'Add a new like to an existing object.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__'.
'Load a cron file and return a CronInfoExternal object.
'Copy SSL options from src to dest'.
'Update a video. DCNL :param fid: file id DCNL :param body:
'Run the API test suite.'.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is ground in ``C``.
'Return a list of all Launch Configurations in the bound account.
'Displays the current time zone DCNL Returns the current time zone DCNL :rtype
'Returns a copy of the form as a dictionary with the specified attributes DCNL from attr_
'Checks if a field is conserved.
'Check to see if the fs_type is a mkfs option.
'The home page.'.
'Return an MD5-based identifier for the given key.
'Generate a random genome.'.
'Return the path of the profiler log file.'.
'Upload a file to a bucket.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Returns the antidivisor of n.
'Usage: DCNL `client_id` DCNL `client_secret` DCNL
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a uniform distribution.'.
'Update DNS records for all load balancers in this stack.
'Compiles the given plural rule into gettext.'.
'Initialize a Home Assistant server.'.
'Builds a cyclic network.'.
'Returns 1 if s contains metastrings, 0 if it does not.'.
'Helper function to run localectl'.
'Return a list of pg_clusters DCNL verbose : boolean (True) DCNL
'Return the full path to a file for a given job.'.
'Make a pipe non-blocking.
'Creates fast restart scripts based on python interpreter.'.
'Listen for an RPC server described by description.'.
'Convert a ``datetime`` object to an ``aware`` timezone.
'Waits for a quorum of cluster nodes to become available.
'Tries to decode the given byte string using the correct encoding.
'Set object in memcached'.
'Remove leading and trailing whitespace and newlines from text.
'Returns the class defined in app_settings.SIGNUP_FORM_CLASS.'.
'Select routes based on regex or uri'.
'Restart service via daemontools.
'Given a base path, return the path component of the base path'.
'Append the given host to the given pool'.
'Constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow.
'Parses the given Jinja string with the given params and returns the DCNL result
'Returns True if attached console window is visible.'.
'Get the default namespace.'.
'Send a LAN list to a Junos device, receive the output DCNL CLI Example
'Return the low state data from the salt master DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the node with the specified C{nodeId} as any of the C{node
'Create a user. DCNL Examples: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return True if there are any conflicts in the local repository'.
'A `label` node must be an `Attribute` node.'.
'Ensure that a service is promoted.
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified rank.
'Return True if el is a bound element, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.template.
'Bump cache for given product.
'Create a mocked KeyProvider from a list of public keys.
'Map a list of library dataset associations to their respective LDDAs'.
'Return the systemd version'.
'Read lines from a file and write them to a journal.
'Run all unit tests.'.
'Warn if a Microversion header is missing.'.
'Calculates the ``num`` most recent values.
'Generate raster data.'.
'Get fixed ip by network and host.'.
'Parse a string or file-like object into a PropertyList object.
'Set up canned roles and decorators on the given class.
'Decode a Base64 encoded string.
'Estimate KPSS for estimation of residuals.'.
'Consumes a queue and yields items from it.
'Return the number of items in an iterable.'.
'Read the header from a file.
'A versioned meta tag.'.
'Returns a GeoNode version as a string.
'Test StratifiedValidationKFold.'.
'Saves the uploaded file.
'Returns a list of the most recent messages for a thread.
'Return the mapper associated with an entity, or None if there is no mapper.'.
'Return a human-readable string representation of a file size.'.
'Get the current clipboard content.'.
'Takes a list of allowed protocol objects and sorts them in ascending order.
'Returns the name of the current resource.'.
'Create subtasks for the given task.
'Checks to see if the flag is allowed to be accepted.
'Asserts that the html generated by the Studio view is valid.'.
'Parses a timestamp into a datetime.datetime object DCNL >>> parse_timestamp("
'Converts text into a dictionary'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a blob\'s metadata DCNL
'Parse a quoted string starting at position start in data.
'Signal handler for when an item is deleted.
'Destroy the specified device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the domain that is a part of the system'.
'Softmax replaces each element of the matrix mat with its matrix representation.
'Delete the named sysv service'.
'Detects the sentiment in a text.'.
'Return the status of a MySQL server using the output DCNL from the ``status``
'varma(x, b, c) -> (xhat, e)'.
'Sample the memory rss.
'Apply a function with a random selection of length `num_cases`.
'Get the hash processor associated with the given kex algorithm.'.
'Return the default feedback url.'.
'Return True if the two strings have the same ellipsis marker in them.
'Returns the absolute URL of a resource on the specified block.
'Generate the HTML report.
'Internal, removes the bridge'.
'Return a formatted version of the provided WWN.
'Convert binary data to string'.
'Create a file with the specified name and write \'contents\' (a DCNL sequence
'Returns the trace of a tensor.
'Looks for a file\'s metadata in the S3 bucket cache file'.
'Return pyzmq version info.'.
'Return a copy of headers, with all values converted to ASCII.'.
'Checks the return value of a dynamic variable.'.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect, depending on DCNL whether
'Converts \'-\' and \'-\' characters to \'-\'.
'Build pillar from command line options.'.
'Print a tensor and return the result.'.
'Find an unused port on localhost'.
'Get the content of a file in the current active window or in all windows.'.
'Given a list of (plugin_group, module_name) tuples, return a
'Decorator to register the fczm driver.'.
'Ensure that the security group has a default value.'.
'Make a file descriptor non-blocking.'.
'Check if we can use the cache for given products.'.
'Clear the rc params and update it with the default settings.'.
'Test floatX function correctness.'.
'Determine if the element should be reversed.'.
'Decorate a traditional-style method that takes ``cr``, ``uid``,
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape a unicode string in an OAuth-compatible fashion.
'Test that setting the focus on a completion item without a model does nothing.'.
'Parse the arguments and call the appropriate function.'.
'Decodes the signature data and returns a signature object.
'Return the system path for a given dev DCNL.
'Run the API server.'.
'Returns an environment key for a given key name.
'Returns True if the course is enabled for content experiments'.
'Waits for IO events to be available from a list of sockets DCNL or optionally
'Update a file in the finder.
'Write a named matrix to a fif file.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'The entry point for CloudFormation inject commands.'.
'Convert string value to int or unicode.'.
'Run tests from the SDK.'.
'Converts a usage_key_string into a UsageKey with the course key filled in
'Get the value of a texlive path variable.
'Test that replay.load raises if the context doesn\'t have a key DCNL in
'Location delete'.
'Enable a server globally DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a text file using a template.
'Finds the set of characters that are defined in block_range that are defined DCNL
'Send e-mail when a reply is published.'.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version` should be a
'Configure the location, contact, community and chassis.
'Context manager that changes the current working directory to `path`.
'Given an activity id, return the corresponding ActivityRights object for that DCNL activity.
'>>> looking_at_call(\'foo\') DCNL True DCNL
'Add sphere by faces.'.
'Context manager that sets the current user for the context.
'Convert a minolta array to a floating point number.'.
'>>> print(test_copied_yield()) DCNL [1] DCNL
'Require the plugin to be installed.'.
'Return the latest version of the given package.
'Returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid IPv4 or IPv6
'Determine if the Cassandra cluster is primed.
'List all extensions for this nova environment.'.
'Determine the ID type.'.
'Get the hardware address on Windows using NetBIOS calls.
'Returns whether the given value is of type Extension'.
'Make sure module scope is updated on patch'.
'Test fit and sample routines with.5 ratio'.
'random sample with replacement'.
'Parse a duration string into a (minute, second) tuple.'.
'Returns a Form class for the given list of Django form fields.'.
'Run all OSF tests.'.
'Lists the credentials for a tenant with a given name'.
'Issue ``INSERT`` and/or ``UPDATE`` statements for a list DCNL
'Set the hostname DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'calculate_meta(Meta, Base) -> Meta'.
'Print a file to stdout.'.
'Signal handler for SIGUSR1, only available on Unix-like systems'.
'Send a JSON RPC request and handle the response.
'Raise exception.NotAuthorized if the context is not an admin context.'.
'ensure_float01(arr,dtype_preference=\'float\') -> array
'Normalize arguments to pass to sequence.call.call.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Return an ``ssl.wrap_socket``.'.
'Check if youtube is available. DCNL :param dict urls: youtube urls to
'Validates that the skipna parameter is a boolean value.
'Compile *.py in directory `dfn`.'.
'Create a ``K[x]`` polynomial from a ``dict``.
'Update the jenkins job details DCNL name DCNL The name of the job to update DC
'Computes the theano norms of a tensor.
'Remove a key from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run after each scenario'.
'Encode a hex string to a base32 encoded string'.
'Return a message if the app\'s rating was successfully modified.'.
'Remove special characters from a string.'.
'Returns incoming rate based on valuation method'.
'Send next event publish mail'.
'Called before the new template is rendered.'.
'Change Torrent directory DCNL :param torrent_dir: Path to the torrent directory DC
'Return a list of terms that are paired with None.
'Add discussion to page'.
'Read motif file in file format.'.
'A simple network for TPU inference.'.
'Get the times of the first tricomplex and the other tricomplex.'.
'Test filter lookup.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no bookend.'.
'Return the admin URLs for comments.'.
'Helper function to take keyword arguments and turn them into nodes.'.
'Display the user\'s watchlist'.
'Reset worker optimizations used by celery.'.
'Encodes a KAFKA-encoded payload.
'Retrieve the ext_pillar data from the specified URL.
'Create a new virtual environment.
'Returns the configuration as a ConfigParser object'.
'usage: lx export-aria2 -j 5 [id|name]...'.
'Returns the format for the given type, language-agnostic.
'Does the digest auth'.
'Return True if the given hook_name can be loaded from hook_file.'.
'Add labels to host.
'p4_describe(change) -> dict DCNL Return a dict describing change in the
'Print a string to standard output.'.
'Run a behave command.
'Return x. DCNL Examples DCNL >>> identity([1, 2, 3]) DCNL
'generic function for zstat/cdf'.
'Return EGL error code.'.
'Log a message about an error.'.
'Display the list of members of a group.'.
'Returns a list of (license_id, license_title) pairs.
'Returns True if debug mode is on, False otherwise.'.
'Return a dictionary of document initial data.'.
'Return a list of the currently running jobs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Flip the loop.'.
'Takes a list of markers and a list of matches and sorts them.
'Get all policies for the given group.
'Returns the number of elements in a sequence DCNL >>> count(\'a\') DC
'Builds the VM boot spec.'.
'Return the given path as a relative path'.
'Line breaks can\'t start with multiline'.
'open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Return true if the perspective is connected'.
'yaml: ssh-builder DCNL This plugin allows you to configure an ssh build DCNL
'Toggle the projection of the plots.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine API.'.
'Wrapper around :meth:`_mismatch`. DCNL Args: DCNL mismatched:
'Get normal weight.'.
'Returns the name of the localzone as a tzinfo object.
'Set the value for multiple booleans DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.suggest <query> -- Ask the user for <query>.'.
'Expose this function via the API but don\'t require a set user.'.
'N324 - Don\'t use oslo_i18n wrapper.'.
'>> fv_multi_match <formname> <control> <value>
'Start all enabled service owners DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Content for a namespace, raise if ns not found'.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DCNL underscore
'Test that in-place joins don\'t clobber the output'.
'Image members resource factory method'.
'Returns True if the given key is a safe type and the given value is DCNL a
'Runs ``refresh repo`` on the specified repo.
'Set current audio channel. DCNL.
'Get statistics for the specified cluster.
'Returns a string with the docstring of an object\'s methods and attributes'.
'Fetch an object from the cache.
'Return the list of pages to show.
'Checks the database for missing accounts and orphans.'.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version` should be a
'Returns True if the given MAC address is valid.'.
'Return a dictionary of recommended folders. DCNL :param container: A ``Container``
'Chops ``seq`` at most ``how_much`` bits.
'Recover all the workers in the specific load balancer DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL
'Return ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Computes the NB-SVM training and development matrix.
'Test if an input estimator is unchanged'.
'Script to be executed when bucket is pushed to S3 DCNL.
'Perform the union of two payloads.
'Account password form'.
'Returns True if any element of sequence is true, otherwise returns False.'.
'Importing vispy.gloo should not import vispy.gloo'.
'Returns an ``GenericInlineFormSet`` for the given kwargs.
'Converts a string of bytes to a long integer'.
'Notify subscribers of new string translation.'.
'Return a page message, if there is a paginated content, DCNL otherwise return
'Generate anchors based on ratios and scales.'.
'Sends a method to the client and waits for the response.'.
'Return a new environment.'.
'Updates a user\'s course enrollment.
'Install one or more packages.
'Run the main task.'.
'Test that `virtualenv.virtualenv_version` works as expected'.
'Takes a dict of bc frequencies and returns a sorted list'.
'Subscribes a user to a creator.
'REST controller to check for duplicate URLs'.
'Return a dictionary of channel indices by channel type.'.
'A simple room'.
'Return True if the service is a system V service.
'Checks if a slug is valid and forces a shutdown.'.
'Get currency name from locale.'.
'Returns true if the provided xblock is a unit, i.e.
'Given a failure_info tuple, return a JSON-serialized exception.'.
'Makes a `BadRequest` exception.
'Sends an email inviting a user to register a user as a user.
'Checks if a user exists on the given server.
'Generate doc'.
'initialise module'.
'Get the bounds of a slice struct.'.
'Extract infos from HTTP Client Authorization header.
'Makes an exog from a list of arrays of values and summaries.
'Convert an old-style password format to a password that can be used in a DCNL
'Uninstalls the cache that was installed with ``cache_factory``.'.
'Make sure we can write multiple files at once'.
'Generates a share link for each doc in doc_ids.
'Converts an integer to a base36 string'.
'Given a list of campaign operations, return a list of DCNL criterion operations.
'Validate a list of locales and return a list of normalized locales.'.
'Test that model.interp() returns the correct result.'.
'Recursively create a folder structure.
'Check all callbacks for a given URL.'.
'Return a collection object'.
'Shuffle a list of glance api servers and return an iterator over them.
'Parses the arguments and runs fix_code.
'Checks whether user can view reports for given project.'.
'Convert obj to a list.
'Return a collator for case-sensitive comparisons.'.
'Find an adapter in the given object.'.
'Recursively iterates over keys in a dictionary DCNL Parameters DCNL key : str DCNL
'Deletes a file. DCNL :param filename: Filename to delete. DCNL
'Assert a == b, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Calculates the values at specified quantiles of data.
'Set the current rate limit for a task.
'Uuencode file'.
'Computes the Interquartile Ratio of A.
'Creates a timezone-aware datetime object.
'Disable profiling for a service.
'Get the created_by and modified_by meta fields.
'Try to decode incoming text to unicode.
'Determine the program to use.
'Represent a list of IDs as a multi-type string DCNL :param ids:
'Return a multi-indicator array.
'Get title info'.
'Decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission DCNL enabled.
'Fires before execution starts.'.
'Return an array with a translation matrix.
'Create a tenant (keystone tenant-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL
'A context manager that collects profiling information for a given file.
'Show details about a baremetal node.'.
'Returns the fully qualified name of the given object.
'Return a dictionary of stats to be passed to the template engine.'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a bytes, if set or not nullable.'.
'Return a dict of Git gitignore templates.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of the given request-method, path, DCNL
'Reads images from disk.'.
'Require all packages to be uninstalled.
'Decodes a FVW flag. DCNL.
'Same as ind1, ind2, but sets the first index to the second.'.
'Check if the given credentials are valid'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Ensure that macro expansion works as expected'.
'Return a list of works associated with a given iswc DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get the little-endian unsigned long given a file.'.
'Run the hook script at the specified path.
'Compress data to be used in a ZIP file'.
'resolve_property(style_map, elem, name) -> value of a style property
'Inverts the tree. DCNL :param root: The root of the tree DC
'Get wrapped float.'.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Return a list of available users (keystone user-list) DCNL CLI Example:
'Return the name of a signal'.
'Inset the preface gcode text.'.
'Import the status of a repository. DCNL :param data: the data returned by the
'Given two points, a bearing, and a distance (in km/h) and a
'Get the list of subtypes for a given external type.'.
'Ensure that mangling bangs don\'t break grammar'.
'Return a dictionary of global context data for the given navigator and config.'.
'Returns a copy of the clip with all channels blinked between d_on and d
'Flood and receive packets at layer 3 DCNL prn: function applied to packets
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL monitor HACKING guide recommends you
'Return the name of the cover page. DCNL :param container: Ansible container object
'Evaluate a marker string DCNL :param marker: The marker to be evaluated DCNL :
'Get details about a cache subnet group.
'Parse a docstring and return a docopt dict'.
'Use Netmiko to change the configuration of the network device.'.
'Test monitor.setgammagrid and monitor.setgamma.'.
'Check that the OpenGL result is set correctly.'.
'Generates a sequence of :class:`FileSystemTarget` objects and DCNL :class:`
'Reads a tell event and notifies the user about it.'.
'Compute the mean square error.
'A simple view that renders the environment'.
'Removes a volume from the server.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``plchangespos
'<location> - locates <location> on the Google Maps database.
'Return the networkid to use'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[IntegrationTarget]'.
'Returns the binary representation of a number.'.
'Loads the bot\'s dev key'.
'Assert that repr(x) follows unicode guidelines.
'Returns an iterator over ragged slices of a list.
'Return True if line is junk.'.
'Resizes a video by copying it from the private storage to the DCNL local storage and
'Converts a phone number with letters into its numeric equivalent.'.
'Returns a list of prime numbers of ``n``.
'Returns a dictionary of duplicate field names to indices.
'Start up a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'fab -H username.
'Returns an anonymous user id for the given user and course_id.
'Verify that all modules in all packages are accessible and accessible. DCNL :param build_
'Check if the callback is an instance of the APIView class.
'Return an empty style.'.
'Return True if the given sheet exists, False otherwise.'.
'Create a record pointer for the given pyval.'.
'List all users (keystone user-list) DCNL profile DCNL Configuration profile for
'Load a Google calendars configuration.'.
'CONNECT Section 9.3.1.3'.
'Reconstructs the path from the current node to the current node.
'Refresh the facts data from the remote device.
'Return information about a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return data from table header'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Folder edit'.
'Ensure service with passed properties is absent.
'Person REST controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in Autocompletes
'Downloads appstats for a given server and application.
'use pynet/rtr1 to get interface stats and count them'.
'Aborts execution with error messages.'.
'Remove user from group.
'Get the list of tests to run.'.
'get json representation of subscription property'.
'Return a filter that checks if a group has snapshots.
'Fixture to convert a.etree or.lxml file to an etree or xml
'Create a dataset from an array.
'Convert bytes to string'.
'Open a local file or URL'.
'Returns ``True`` if the object is null, ``False`` otherwise.
'Raises a `~astroyear.ValidationError` if year is None and field is
'Check if a user exists on the Postgres server.
'Computes the Euclidean distance between two 3D vectors.'.
'expr_list : expr_list COMMA expr'.
'Checks if the objects in list_ are equal to the objects in manager.'.
'Resolve the name into an IP address.
'MED Price'.
'Log an error with the given reason and message.'.
'Elementwise logistic function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_i =
'Generate a faux MIME message.'.
'A function to connect to a bigip device and delete an existing member from an existing pool
':type capfd: cloudwatch.db.Session'.
'Return the module specified by `module`.'.
'Given a SourcesField, return a hydrated Field.'.
'Adds the request suffix to the given string.'.
'Makes a CDF from a PMF. DCNL Args: DCNL pmf
'Return string with slashes escaped.'.
'Sum of the largest element of a sequence x.
'Return the contents of a file, or None if the file does not exist.
'Context manager that replaces the current URL pattern with a new one.
'Enable or disable syslog for a specific server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Class decorator to automatically delete files on delete.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Create a new device record from a record like object.
'Return a tuple (things_id, list of subreddits) with the sr
'Get event manager from media service discover object. DCNL.
'Catches the signal that a course has been published in Studio and DCNL invalidates
'Wraps `gen` in an iterator that yields one item at a time.
'Return passwd_changes information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Loads a template tag.
'The ip_extra function for a module. DCNL :param mod_attr: The
'Extract the description from the docstring of an object'.
'Store friends to user'.
'Creates a cupy array of the same shape and dtype as the input.
'Raise ResourceDenied if the specified resource is not available.
'Test installing a package as an egg'.
'Send a command to the minions lbn and target DCNL cmd DCNL The command
'Responds with a multipart encoded body.
'internet gateway fail to find bad id'.
'Return the magnitude of a positive integer x.'.
'Leaves transaction management for the current thread.
'Joins a list of tensors along an axis.
'Returns the p-value norm of X.
'Read boolean from bti file.'.
'Escape a string for inclusion in a URL.
'Convert raw to log(lux_ratio).'.
'Provide a callback for the given resource type.
'Checks if a user has given permission on some organization.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Create a nested dict from a path string.
'fbthrift library config.'.
'Test reading locations.'.
'Save state to file'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a generic group.'.
'Find the unit pattern for the given unit id.
'Copies in_files to out_files.
'expand_typestr([\'a\', \'b\', \'c\'
'Tries to find pylintrc.
'Define a role DCNL.
'APPLICATION INFORMATION Section 9.1.16'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Reconstruction should return the same image if it has the same mask'.
'Register a public key if it is server-generated.
'Masks sensitive data in the given message.
'Make a web call to the Azure REST API'.
'Run spyder\'s command'.
'Get file paths'.
'Convert upper to lower triangular matrix.'.
'Generate a new TOTP passcode.
'Create a pickled file with the given filename and data.'.
'Invalidate hash invalidations for suffix_dir in the partition DCNL :param suffix_dir
'Add a representer to the dumper.
'Deprecated, use :py:func:`_patch_object` instead.'.
'Decorator to wrap a function into a transactional tasklet.
'Runs pip and converts requirements to the required format.'.
'Makes a WSGI app and returns it.'.
'Redirect to the domain page.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any. DC
'Returns a dict of site settings for the given app name.
'Returns a generator of (header_name, value) pairs for the given WSGI environment
'Calls the call_queue and places the results in result_queue.
'Converts an XML element to a Topic object.
'Run sync'.
'Adds an error to the errors list, and logs it.
'Returns True if the item is in the course tree, False otherwise.'.
'Check if fscale is valid.'.
'Helper function for :func:`_iterate_second`.'.
'Return HTML for a directory.'.
'Lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return DCNL its encoder function.
'Show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop DCNL If mainloop is True,
'Add pillars output to positives.'.
'Copy all extra files into outdir'.
'Return the scheme and host of the XenAPI connection.'.
'Reset profile settings'.
'Escapes a header value for use in an RFC-822.
'Returns True if the provided address is an IPv6 address.'.
'Set the color limits of the current image DCNL Parameters DCNL vmin : float DC
'Recursively gets all models that are related to the given model.
'Create the verifier to use when the key type is ECC.
'Return a globally-formated date string for the given timezone.'.
'Load a Python module.
'Whether or not settings.get_hrm_show_staff should be true
'Send signal to process, return True if it succeeded'.
'Get program ID'.
'If the request has a endpoint named param_name, switch it to that endpoint.
'Update the root organisation of a branch organisation DCNL.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Load the settings from the QuteBrowser.'.
'Remove temporary files created for the image and text.'.
'Qsimplify an operator in a Pauli notation.
'Get the database size in bytes DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove an ASAM platform from the Novell Fan-Out Driver DCNL CLI Example:
'Returns a string indicating how much time has passed since the DCNL epoch.
'Parse the iscsiname line'.
'Recursively gets the view roots for a recipe.
'Return the method instance that the given method is defined in.'.
'Remove the named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given exception is an SSL error.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Redirect to the root page if the user is logged in.'.
'Example: DCNL >>> say_hello("Hello") DCNL >>> say_
'Returns a short description of how many fields changed between two models.'.
'Parse args and pass them to setup()'.
'List a directory. DCNL :param path: Directory to list. DCNL :type
'Retrieves user timezone preferences from request.user.
'Returns a list of linear gradients.
'Find the periodic, reflect, or constant of an array.
'Load a language into the user\'s environment.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified relative precision.
'Render a form. DCNL **Tag name**:: DCNL bootstrap_form DCNL
'Add source files to a list of paths.'.
'get_session_id(url, username, password) -> session_id DCNL
'Returns True if the user is a prereg admin.
'Generate info files for server and info packs.
'initialise module'.
'Main entry-point for the script.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
'Freeze the named container DCNL path DCNL path to the container parent DCNL path to
'Mark a string as requiring HTML escaping.
'Run misc tests'.
'Get the console output of a server.'.
'Generate histogram of quality scores.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'List items in a queue'.
'Displays a list of resources in a demo format.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service account.'
'Return the full path to a config file for a given path atom'.
'Perform a timed covariance M step.'.
'Delete a consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Decrypts the keyfile'.
'Returns a list of (docstring, text_block) tuples from the given source
'Find all actions in the namespace.
'Returns the first item in a list'.
'Get the FreeSMS notification service.'.
'Moves a file from one location to another.
'Plots a line. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : float DCNL Line to plot
'Get the rank index.'.
'Process the content pack directory.'.
'Return the combination of bottom and top channels, in a color space.
'Process the given mtree.
'Returns the current time zone as a pytz.timezone object.'.
'Takes a volume and returns the EC2 attach status.
'Load user extra data from backend DCNL :param backend: UserSocialAuth DCNL :
'Callback invoked when a single mail box has been picked up.
'Determine if a variable is set by the CLI.
'Load the CIFAR-10 dataset and apply image whitening to each DCNL image in
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Return the URL for the given path.'.
'Sets up the module\'s settings, so that it can be imported DCNL from anywhere
'A decorator that defines the name_set_in_method_signature.'.
'Lead index assigned page'.
'Given a model class, return the corresponding queryset.
'Apply the softmax to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Replace ampersands with ``&amp;`` entities.'.
'Return a matplotlib colormap from the data.
'Runs the given command in a subprocess.
'This function will change the LS fields in the table'.
'Checks if the specified LUN ID is available on the specified host.'.
'Get jobs. DCNL :param not_yet_run: Filters out which
'Return the value for the given config key'.
'Calculate the Fletcher-16 checksum of a binary buffer.'.
'Merge a CNF tree into a single CNF tree.'.
'Export course to a tarball and delete the temp directory.'.
'Determine the alphabetic shard of a word.'.
'Return (text, list of line capabilities) for the given text.
'Permutes rows of a numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL seed : int DCNL
'Return x, but preserve identity'.
'Give a list of page where the user has edit rights or the string "All"
'Return the stacklevel of a given import hook.
'Delete one or more telemetry alerts.
'Set dnsmasq facts if not already present in facts dict DCNL dict: the facts
'Create a ``LoopbackAMPClient``.
'Checks if nibabel is installed'.
'Get normals.'.
'Notify a list member removed'.
'This method is called when a course is published.
'Displays a screenshot for a given review request.
'Given a list of attachments, returns a dictionary with the attachments formatted.'.
'Assert a cPASTE error code'.
'A context processor for the `Page` class.
'Determine if the argument is an infinite number.'.
'Return a short version string for the current Python version.'.
'Return the index of the first vowel in the word.'.
'Converts input into a theano.Tensor.
'Sine subtraction DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL sfreq :
'Return a list of people based on a search query.
'Render an alert button'.
'Returns True if the service provider provides CSP features, False otherwise.'.
'This is a no-op.
'Test adding patch info to new source space'.
'Get the path to the flowgram ali executable.'.
'Return the IP address of the local host.'.
'Reencrypt ciphertext. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion boto_km
'Check that pick_ori is not None and return it.'.
'Run a command and grab the output.
'This function constructs two fully-connected layers with convpool layers and DCNL softmax
'Run all else tests.'.
'Returns a dictionary of functions to be executed on each metric for the DCNL given date
'Collect all bears from the given sections and return them as dictionaries.
'Return the length of a Quopri header.
'Convert a routing path into a response cell name.
'Remove users from an ACL group.
'Test that ReLU implementation works.'.
'tracedd(GJ, P_i, dxtrav) -> DCNL
'Add a global constant to a builder or a module.
'Evaluates an equation and returns the results.'.
'Return the amount of memory used by Xen'.
'Add addon and / or / addon tags box'.
'Check that the base unit of the radian is correct.'.
'Get the preamplification value of an equalizer. DCNL.
'Delete the given metadata item.'.
'Remove tags from a trail DCNL Returns {tagged: true} if the trail was
'Parse the user line'.
'Entry point for the review script.'.
'Create or return a badge given a badge template dict.
'Add an attribute to an object\'s log.'.
'Strips cuft tags and tags from HTML.
'Takes a dict of title, content, and returns a list of tuples of
'Sets the current thread\'s user.
'Outputs `format` followed by an indentlevel. DCNL format: string DCNL
'Test to make sure that the HTML formatting works as expected'.
'Return True if the given subreddit is visible to users.'.
'Run the WSGI application.'.
'View function that handles a forgot password request.'.
'Checks if the given file exists.
'Represent a date in inv_expiry'.
'Import figure size and sizes from pylab.'.
'Return a list of all file suffixes supported by the OS.
'Try to get a string from the device.
'Generate a unique id.
'Checks if a string is a valid S3 bucket name.
'Marks the value as HTML and returns it.
'Runs uploads whenever a file or directory has changed.
'Return a dict mapping file paths to line ranges.'.
'Dump debug messages to file'.
'Get the vendor name for the given PCI ID DCNL.
'Test plot functions.'.
'Return the absolute path of a resource in qutebrowser.'.
'Shuffle the given list of values.
'Open other branch'.
'Shortens a name if it is longer than max_length.
'Returns the Rubik group of order n.
'Adds additional filters to the module.'.
'Returns the currently logged-in user or None if there is no user.'.
'Test installing a.pyc file'.
'Return a mocked version of the os module.'.
'Stop the firewall DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Execute the next argument of the evaluator.'.
'Given an authorization code, return the access token DCNL :param authorization_code: The
'Manage the virtual server configuration.
'Context manager that temporarily changes a field\'s value.
'Return a dict of default threadable predictors.
'Calls callback(term, source_line).'.
'Toggle labels.'.
'Given a course update block, return a list of course update items.
'Recursively remove all links in the given directory.'.
'Safely update a dictionary, raising an exception if the dictionary already contains a DCNL key
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Check if a hash is already used.'.
'Return the full GDAL version info.'.
'<word> -- Gets the synonyms of <word>.'.
'Wait for the element to be present DCNL :param css_selector: DCNL :
'Test either if an error is raised while wrong NN object'.
'Return a mock dict for oc_cmd.'.
'Attach total_points json column to each object of the queryset.
'Checks for the given token in the whiteboard, and throws a SyntaxError if it
'Return a list of all the group ids the user is authorized to access DCNL CLI Example
'Returns True if the token is valid, False otherwise.'.
'Dispatch operating system functions to the correct operating system.'.
'Return a list of existing networks.'.
'Return the package version from the results string'.
'Get an option from the __opts__ or pillar__, if it exists.
'Apply a function to each element of an array and return the resulting array.
'Apply a function and call it synchronously.
'Parse a tree file and return an iterator of Tree objects.
'Compare two SCC strings. DCNL :param str sccs1: The SCC
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Delete a console.'.
'Get the deployment_config_file from PasteDeploy config.'.
'Block cut. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : Matrix DCNL The matrix to be cut
'validate and return a list of allowed values for option of type \'csv\''.
'Context manager that changes to `dirname` in a with block.
'Takes a dictionary and returns a Ninja naming object.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to clean DCNL Return
'encode(lst) -> str DCNL Encode a list into a byte string.'.
'Returns a list of refs for the given remote.'.
'Test proxy GET'.
'Return the master status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fix all HTML files in the container.'.
'Get a folder plugin module from a given directory path.'.
'Run a system command in a subshell.
'Issue: https://github.com/gmail/gmail-missing-sent
'Create a new ELB.
'Returns True if the given URL is coming from the given spider.'.
'Return the given text with HTML entities unescaped.
'Asserts that the given check function applies to the source string and DCNL target string.
'Saves a password to the keyring for the specified credential.
'Get a tool shed repository by name and owner'.
'Return the index of the decimal degrees in the range [0, order).'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Check if format is a memoryview format (e.g.
'Computes polynomial GCD of `f` and `g` in `K[X
'Read cache data from a stream.
'Encode a message. DCNL :param message: Message DCNL :return:'.
'Return the default number of test processes.'.
'Inspect an object.'.
'Parses a string and extracts the id.'.
'Load county data and merge with county_codes data'.
'>> fv_multi_sub <formname> [ <pair1> [
'Returns a copy of the given kwargs as a copy of the original.
'Ensure Arping is available. DCNL :param src_namespace: The source
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Run OpenPyXL optimized writing.'.
'This function takes a list of strings and split it into a list of strings DCNL and
'Require a translation project.'.
'Get the DNS hosts for a network.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'Get random data.'.
'Return the template at context *line*, starting from context start.'.
'Create a new database with no projects.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``replay_gain
'Solves the radical system of ``f`` by ``symbol`` in ``
'Create a gpg object for a user'.
'Test uninstall entry point removal'.
'Home a gcode linear move text.'.
'Takes a list of (day, action, parms) and now and returns
'Return the current code name.'.
'Get the accessible attribute.'.
'Return True if the word is short.'.
'Return dictionary of registry keys and values.
'Generate the authentication response for a list of channels'.
'Returns an instance of the SelectionModel class.'.
'Create a failure XML document in a JUnit test suite'.
'Perform the appropriate transformation or back-transcribe operation on the sequence.'.
'Takes a dictionary of error messages, and returns a list of dictionaries DCNL containing
'Creates directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a list of plugins that are available for update.
'Returns a list of programs and their meta-data'.
'Represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network (big-endian) order.
'Return the name of the process with the given PID.'.
'Acquiring the lock for this thread is necessary.'.
'Returns the class name associated with the given object name.
'Get a client instance for the given version of the API.
'Soft-plus activation function. DCNL Parameters DCNL z : array DCNL Z to
'pasy video with last video.'.
'Check that a path is valid for use as a web root.
'Convert bf_type to bufsize.'.
'Check to see if the minion is authorized to connect to the master DCNL name DCNL
'Compute the neweywest covariance matrix.'.
'Ensures that a process with a given pid exists.
'Returns True if the current process is the main process.'.
'Return True if the given attribute name is protected.'.
'Update form with course_id, start_date, end_date and hours from training
'Get the perimeter width.'.
'Process a single image file.
'Updates Google Analytics.'.
'Return a string version of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'encoding\'
'Send a publish request for a live action and execution.
'Restore a previously restored Sonos device.'.
'Add media to a media list. DCNL.
'Get the content type of the message'.
'Given a list of collection ids, returns a list with the corresponding collection summary DCNL objects
'Create an internet gateway.
'This method gets appropriate command name for the state specified.
'Batched INSERT statements with no primary key'.
'Return the path to the ipython package directory.
'arrange selected widgets in Dashboard'.
'Takes a token and combines it with the last token in the list.
'Get the navigator.audit_log_dir config value.
'Oozebane a gcode linear move file.'.
'Evaluate polynomials in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'setcbreak(fd, echo=True,icanon=False) DCNL set
'Register a Python comic category.
'parameter_list : parameter'.
'Get the descriptive extension.'.
'Return the line at the cursor position, and its offset.
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'Ends recording the status of the current request.
'Create and return a SimpleWiki instance.
'capitalize(s) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string s with all letters
'Run flake.'.
'Unpurge one or more packages.
'Checks that the signature is valid for a POST request.
'Get the config directory, or create it if it doesn\'t exist'.
'Returns the hamming distance between two strings s1 and s2'.
'Convert a scheme, host, port, user, password, or mask to a URL.'
'Checks that the given email address is valid.
'Validates that the customization_args contains all the values that should be validated DCNL
'Return credentials for the given provider'.
'N323 - Use assert_called_once_with instead of assert_called_
'Use str as rule format'.
'Return the preferred IP address for the VM'.
'Return the output of running ``cmd``.
'Log exceptions raised by capture_stdio and redirect stdout and stderr DCNL to the appropriate
'Highlight a string using pygments.
'Upgrades all packages currently installed with pip.
'Returns the number of real roots in ``K[x]``.
'Return the list of results that are missing from dest_dir'.
'Returns a DiscoveryResult for the given URI.
'Interpolate x and y using trigonometric interpolation.'.
'Determine the wordnet type for a given tag.
'Test to make sure that the Pprint() function works on Python 3 byte strings'.
'Robust Curve function DCNL Parameters DCNL X : array DCNL Curve
'Mocks the render to response.'.
'compile(node, uri, default_filters, imports, disable_unicode) DC
'Get movie title. DCNL.
'Convert excel file to xlrd database'.
'Returns a list of versions grouped by version.
'Event: add a coroutine to the scheduler.
'Converts a CFSet to a python set'.
'Add authentication data to the context.'.
'Function to decide which key function to use.
'Associate the given security group with the given instance.'.
'Forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value, DCNL regardless
'Return the list of bootstrap modules'.
'Returns a list of suggested URLs for the agent at the given path.'.
'Return the full path of a server resource file DCNL.
'Returns True if the input is related to the translation.'.
'Install the version of Visual Studio.
'Returns the code element at *offset* in the module *pymodule*.'.
'Toggle the querystring.
'Return groups for all containers'.
'Test that private-browsing is enabled in the cache.'.
'Delete an SSH key for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a string to an S3 compatible string'.
'This method is called when the connection attempt is made to the DCNL database.
'Creates a new video capture object for the given source.
'Converts a byte array into a big-endian int'.
'Reset the list of nolint suppressions.'.
'Load a wx.Bitmap from a file on disk.'.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Tests if ``show`` and ``rows`` are visible when ``show``
'Returns a dictionary of articles for the given language.'.
'This function is called when the script is run.'.
'Return True if func accepts the given kwarg.
'Return the default python_shell to use'.
'Generate a model for all classes that are subclasses of ``root_class``.'.
'Convert a Python source to a class using the given filter.
'Validate a course_id. DCNL :param course_id: The course_id
'Test HTML attributes for languages different than the site language'.
'Reload a module from the current working directory.
'Test the creation of a zeroing cosmology.'.
'Posts a message to the Vim console.
'Triangular Truncated normal function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL
'Returns a list of random float floats in the file system'.
'Given a list of machines, return a dictionary mapping the machine name to the DCNL list
'Parse a byte-range header into a (first_byte, last_byte) tuple
'Build the source tarball.'.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled. DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Get new repository.'.
'API: accepts output, value(=priority)'.
'Store the results directory in a tarball under package_dirpath.
'Decode a text string using the modified UTF-8 alphabet.
'Setup the test databases.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListAclEntry object.
'Returns the server id for the given identity'.
'Apply the current policy on the file system DCNL name DCNL The name of the file
'Returns default context as a dict()'.
'Test that fix=False works well.'.
'Test dateline with x_labels'.
'Add user messages to the context.'.
'Set the offset by the multiplier.'.
'Returns 0 if sentiment is negative, else 1'.
'Create a new server instance that is either threaded, or forks DCNL or both
'Convert a list of columns into title'.
'decorate_dummy(dec, name) -> dec DCNL Decorates `dec`
'Runs the configtest command on the remote device.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Topics page.'.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL :param str url: The URL to clean DCNL
'Decode the bits vector received from a signal.
'Returns databook from JSON stream.'.
'Creates `num` okassemblies. DCNL Parameters DCNL num : int
'Get horizontally bounded path.'.
'Create Task Info for Task with given task_id'.
'Test that errors are handled by the json_view'.
'Returns a list of email addresses for the given group.
'Fakes the execute set repliers.'.
'Remove stack traces and timings from warnings and doctest output.'.
'Creates a rectangle of given width and height.
'Get the default paths to verify against.
'Return the user\'s long description, e.g.
'Returns the request URI, optionally including the query string.
'Takes a list of strings and sorts them in ascending order.
'Get a list of files in the orgcode directory.'.
'Return a directed graph from the given degree sequence.
'Gets the secret, prints it, and shuts down the io_loop when
'initialise module'.
'Update test block. DCNL :param block: Block to update DCNL :return:'
'Returns the id or key of a list item.
'Initialize an instance of the EyeGaze software.
'Returns a FormSet for the given Django model class.'.
'Test GridSpec.width_ratios.'.
'Generate pseudobreadcrumbs for a given key.
'Returns a list of files in the given bucket.
'Get a single item from a list, or return default.'.
'Saves the current figure to a specified format'.
':type command: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Is the directory at path \'dirname\' a Python package directory?'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[TheSystemPath] DCNL :rtype: collections
'Return a subclass of TransportWrapper that chains given transports.
'Fixture to mock the use of inline CSS selectors.'.
'Takes a string and a dictionary of minute values and interprets them as DCNL
'Get the summary of a commit.'.
'Ensures that the Qt main thread is running.
'Get the lock handle for the given expression.'.
'Return the set of modules that are present in pre_mods and post_mods
'Returns the model view matrix.'.
'Unpack zip `filename` to `extract_dir` DCNL Raises `Unrecognized
'Returns a dictionary of encryption headers for the given key.
'Returns a list of files that match a given indicator.
'Helper to get a Django model from an "app_label.model_name" string
'Generates an adjacency matrix from the given redirects file.'.
'Convert from head position to translation, rotation, and t.'.
'Draw a bounding box.
'Create a fake payment.'.
'End a session. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Query GitHub for authentication info.'.
'Adds default variables and functions to a single dict.
'Test that is_repo_url for remote urls'.
'Setup the AREST switch platforms.'.
'Test config.get_config raises if config does not exist.'.
'Raise an exception if the resource_type is too long.'.
'ffine layer. DCNL Parameters DCNL state_below : array_like DC
'Removes a Postgres database.
'Returns the exponential integral of ``n``.
'Return the last modification date of a file'.
'Load the size of a window in the specified section.
'Return True if file should be removed from cleanup list'.
'Called when the plugin is shut down.'.
'Exit with an error.'.
'Returns True if the string is a valid integer, i.e.
'Return screen size in pixels'.
'Parses a hex escape sequence.'.
'Apply a function to each item in an index.
'Benchmark performance of an atomic estimator.'.
'A view that renders a CSRF token.'.
'Split a bezier curve into two adjacent bezier curves by t0 and t1
'Remove quotes from word.'.
'Connect an action to a callable'.
'Raises an exception if the supplied domain is invalid.'.
'Return the next multiple of n in the kth order.'.
'<username> - gets a user from mcuser.com'.
'Report the current state of the system.
'Compute the derivative of the observation matrix for a single word.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Get the tour of the acyclic graph.'.
'Return a pre-escaped string for the given text.'.
'Sign a certificate. DCNL :param certificate: The certificate to sign.'.
'Return a list of all public names in the given list'.
'Replace all occurences of \'nbsp\' in a string with \'&nbsp;'
'Convert a list of strings or URLs to a dict. DCNL :param str hosts
'Replaces entertainment, music, and photos with correct values.'.
'Build the arguments to pass to install.'.
'Formats a string according to a regular expression.
'Builds the network attach config spec.'.
'Add \'sympy\' directory to sys.path'.
'Generate lib options.'.
'Return cache object.'.
'Converts a set of modifiers to a dictionary.'.
'Downloads a file, a directory, or a file.'.
'Return virtual memory as a namedtuple.'.
'Transform a LTE selector into a negative one.'.
'Suspend a VM using its name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks that the hashed password matches the expected hash for the user.
'Return True if the two names have the same wildcards.
'Generate a UUID from a system node and sequence number.
'Convert a range string to a set.'.
'Ensure usage plan with passed properties is absent.
'Initialize output_dir if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Check if pyrex is installed'.
'Return the current selection.'.
'Handles the signin process and redirects the user to the openid association DCNL
'Read the contents of a file into a string.'.
'Create a default entry point.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'>> go <url> DCNL Go to <url>'.
'Simple test function'.
'Checks if a user exists in the MS SQL server.
'Run HTML Tidy with mini-thumbnails.'.
'If x is a str, return it, otherwise return an iterator that checks DCNL whether
'Compiles a template string into a template object.
'Test utils for mne_locs'.
'Get the path to the user\'s preferences file.'.
'Returns gzipped encoded content.'.
'Gather the pillar with a given override value from the master'.
'Read a file with unsafe XML encoding.
'Returns a string of length `l` with a random string of 0\'s'.
'Read `count` booleans using the plain encoding.'.
'toggle control register tristate bit'.
'Return a copy of the Event_Exchange for the given connection.'.
'Clear compatversion cache on delete.'.
'Map target to service.'.
'Switch frappe and erpnext to v5 branch'.
'Asserts that two quantities are equal up to a given tolerance.
'Parse the multipath line'.
'A grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar.'.
'send(var, dest, tag) DCNL send(var, dest, tag)
'Include debug.js in the scripts folder'.
'Get the filesystem encoding.'.
'Catches the signal that a course has been published in Studio and DCNL updates the
'Register a namespace alias.
'Get new repository.'.
'Runs a split_cmd on the given split_file.
'Converts a JSON string into a list of strings.'.
'Convert a registry key\'s values to a dictionary.'.
'Generate the example RST.'.
'Like Django\'s reverse, but passes the request to the build_absolute_uri DC
'floor_secs(ns) -> int DCNL Return the floor of the fstime
'Ensure that the transform attribute of a SkyCoord is inherited and that the DCNL
'Reset the display.'.
'Checks if a given host is full.
'Move a file to the trash folder'.
'Convert a ``K[x]`` sequence to a ``dict``.
'Splits a string into a list of strings with at most chars_per_string characters
'Generate completion tasks.'.
'This is a no-op.
'Check if the request contains an "is_embed" parameter and if so, set the
'Tries to convert a scalar value to a FITS format.'.
'Performs a hardlink on the current page.'.
'Colorizes an image. If randomize is True, the image will be colorized
'Returns all CREATE TABLE and INDEX SQL statements.'.
'Send an email to the configured email address'.
'Converts an ISO 8601 time string to a JavaScript timestamp.'.
'Collect all JavaScript modules from a list of user-configs.
'Load WAF/IDS/IDS/IDS/IDS/IDS
'Run the test admin tasks.'.
'Apply remote API Throttle limits.'.
'Copy struct from src to dst DCNL Parameters DCNL dst : DataModel DCNL Copy
'Parses a netaddr.Server string and returns a tuple of DCNL (address,
'Generates a random password and returns it. DCNL :returns: (password, hash
'Return the ``n``-th coefficient of ``f`` in ``K[
'Decompose ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Set the opacity of an image.
'Returns the afterpoint of the string, 0 if the string does not contain a DCNL
'Queue the OSF4M welcome email for the user.'.
'Returns the recurrence term of ``c`` with respect to ``f``.
'Shift a time by a given number of seconds.
'Create a port group on a specified virtual switch.
'splitzip(\'path/to/file.zip\') --> \'path
'Run all registered exit functions.
'Update the latest PDF.js file.
'Make sure that no data starts at data_start.'.
'Returns a list of the default providers.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Sets a single configuration parameter.
'Load a score from a local directory. DCNL :param directory: The local directory to
'Get the triangle mesh.'.
'Get a fixed ip by address with detailed pricing.'.
'Return the current time in UTC as an ISO 8601 date string.'.
'Convert a string to a color name.
'Checks whether a string is a valid slug.
'Associate fixed ip to instance.
'Determine if a file should be skipped.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.'
'>>> test_z() DCNL 1 DCNL 2 DCNL >>> test_
'Alter an enum column.
'Check the protocol, types, and speed of an HTTP proxy.
'Removes last xml tag from file'.
'Get the vector3 path from the complex path.'.
'Raises an exception if the current time is different than the previously DCNL datetime.
'Register all treebuilders defined in the given module.'.
'Decodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed).
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :func:`contains` instead.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'input from UDP in busy port'.
'Returns True if the argument is a valid Python identifier.'.
'Encode and sign a pickle-able object.
'Sends a message via EmailMultiAlternatives, optionally attaching HTML as an alternative DC
'Determine if the word is quoted.
'Sanitize filename. DCNL :param filename: Filename to sanitize DCNL :type filename
'Backup database'.
'Lists all tables in the given dataset.
'Parse the output of xfsdump.'.
'Vstacks operators vertically.
'Get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory.'.
'Generate a token from a list of strings.
'Overrides the content type with an integer value.
'List all keys'.
'Replaces line endings with spaces, tabs and newlines'.
'Test automatic legend placement'.
'Decompose polynomial of degree ``n`` in ``K[x]``.
'list_option(option, opt, value, parser) -> None DCNL Lists
'Validates the background color'.
'Create the tables for the assessments'.
'Convert a File to a JSON dict.'.
'Add a craft type profile menu.'.
'Get the dot product of a pair of complexes.'.
'Return a list of the sizes that are on the provider'.
'Remove an empty line from a string.
'Pops the topmost connection from the stack.'.
'Generate a ordered list of handlers.
'Check the file system for changes and return the new filename.
'Retry a function if EINTR signal is detected.
'Calls method_name on obj_weakref, if it exists, otherwise calls
'Returns a tuple of items in sequence that are not in reference.
'Compute the gradient for f'.
'Run dbapi with raw data w/ pool'.
'Collects static files for all static files in the given static folder.
'Check if a conda environment is already created.'.
'Returns True if patchmodule was executed, False if not'.
'Only load if svn is available'.
'Setup the MQTT Lock platform.'.
'Returns the outer product of two arrays.
'Wrapper around websafe'.
'Patches os.environ for the duration of a with statement.
'Callback for fetching mbox data.'.
'Count the number of zero bits on the right hand side.
'Soft sign. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: A tensor or variable DCNL Returns
'Returns the fingerprint of a given ssh key.
'Test reading of curvature from surface'.
'Add function statistics to a tuple'.
'Boot a VM and then run it.
'Return the replacement link for `dst`.'.
'Convert seconds since epoch to human-readable seconds'.
'Upgrade the database to the given version.
'Cleans the cache by removing all of the cached instances.
'Returns the size of a snapshot, in bytes.'.
'Validates a path. DCNL :param str path: The path to validate DCNL
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running lvm.'.
'Return all top-level loops.'.
'Returns the event list for the local node.
'Deserialize a key value.
'Render a search form'.
'Determine if `module_name` is in `package` or DCNL `package
'Run tests and return a JSON object with the results.'.
'Opportunity edit'.
'Returns the ForeignKey from model to parent if there is one, otherwise raises an DCNL exception
'Normalize path to be relative to s3a root.'.
'View configuration changes.'.
'Convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a 1-D numpy array.
'Remove port forwarding. DCNL zone DCNL The zone to remove. DCNL src
'Build a simple borderswiping network.'.
'Find parameters in an object.
'Reversal a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return True if file is not a tonzb file.'.
'Get an expression by name.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Print unicode arguments to stdout.
'Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
'Slugify a string. DCNL :param s: The string to slugify DCNL
'Given a set of simulated effects, compute the log-likelihood of DCNL the
'Converts a value to a bool value.
'Return a list of the root directories in Salt'.
'Add the beginning of a round loop.'.
'Return the number of bytes necessary to write the given mode.'.
'Returns the user\'s email.'.
'Convert an IP address in textual form into text representation.
'Return True if there are tabs in the leading whitespace of a line, False otherwise.'.
'Called when the module is loaded.
'Computes the correlation matrix between two sets of data points DCNL Parameters DCNL count :
'Render the hjson data into a python data structure'.
'Returns the constraint name if one exists, for the given table and referenced DCNL columns'
'Restore database to a given file'.
'Return (index, text) if any whitespace is detected in the line.
'Generate a list of credits for a given project'.
'Ensure that the named container is started.
'Parse a query into a query object.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape special sections of Markdown text for inclusion in a document.
'Error checking for routines that return pointers.'.
'Parses an HTTP date string into a datetime object DCNL :param str date: The
'Format a URL. DCNL :param use_ssl: DCNL :param hostname:
'Renders a paretocdf. DCNL Parameters DCNL xmin: float DC
':type command: subprocess.Command DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Creates a zone from a template.
'Adds a single role for a group to a domain or project.'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'For numbers 1-9, returns the number spelled out.
'This method is called when a user\'s password has changed.
'Returns a dictionary mapping flowgram_id to sample_id'.
'Refresh the info cache for the given instance.'.
'Return True if the given attribute name is private.'.
'Run the jshint tool.'.
'Copy all folders from source to destination'.
'Resizes an image to the specified width.
'Returns an auto-proxy for the given token.
'Run a function in background, return a thread.'.
'Evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosecant of an interval'.
'Hyperbolic arctangent of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the
'Return a list of all driver names.'.
'Returns a class that can be pickled.'.
'Compute zeros of integer-order Bessel function jn(x).
'Returns the skewness of a variable.'.
'Make a Consumer instance for the current request.
'Parse a string of the form DCNL { \'type \'name\': {
'Raise PermissionDenied if the repo is blacklisted'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Import a dotted module path and return the object.'.
'Emit a problem_submitted event to the Tracker.
'Mask Generation Function, described in B.2.1'.
'Converts a date into a natural time string.
'Error checking for functions that return zero.'.
'Release a port from the allocated_ports list.
'Swap coefficients in ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'yaml: sitemonitor DCNL Set siteurls in a sitemonitor.
'Update a list'.
'Corpus to Vowpal Wabbit corpus'.
'Creates an index on the database.'.
'Convert a name to a regular expression.
'Check for Assert.equal_type(type(None)) or Assert.equal_type
'Setup the litejet scene platform.'.
'Set up join cache on model instance.'.
'Attach total_points json column to each object of the queryset.
'Add the vertexes.'.
'Gets the steam data for the specified user.
'Get a file object from a file-like object.
'Returns the derived sequence and intervening vertices DCNL Parameters DCNL graph : graph DC
'usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id]...'
'Actions resource factory method.'.
'Cache and process all messages in the given messages_path.
'Check citations in tool XML.'.
'Given an html string, converts all relative URLs to absolute URIs.
'Escapes a string for use as a NULL character in a document.
'Ensure that ``require`` is installed.
'Check if path is imported from toppath in progress.
'Removes the given role from the MS SQL server.
'Check if a path is a directory.
'Ensure that we can use a new redis connection.
'Test consistency of MRG random streams.'.
'Sends a reset password link to the user.'.
'Converts a date offset to a period count.
'Return a spinner object for the given message.'.
'Check if LDAP group members are ids'.
'Split tag namespace into (namespace, tag)'.
'Retain horizontal spacing in the line.
'RGB color test. DCNL h: RGB image DCNL f: RGB image DCNL
'Run mysql command for site'.
'Return the path to the CA certificates file'.
'Recursively extracts nested case statements.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Get callables from a module.
'Return a list of the files that are on the master'.
'This function can be used for Hypersearch algorithm development.
'Returns a list of subclasses of a class.'.
'Test reading and writing of raw data.'.
'Represent a Requester DCNL.
'Return the filename of the module that contains the given path.'.
'Load a Python object from a string. DCNL.
'Regenerate the certificate for the students in the course.
'Convert a DNS name (e.g.
'Show details about a network.'.
'Return an empty float.'.
'Return the least-squares projection of ``f`` on the basis ``lim`
'Return the plugin object'.
'Returns the column in a string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address, DCNL and return it as a
'product(iter_a, iter_b) -> None DCNL itertools.product(
':type event: cloudbot.event.Event DCNL :rtype: cloudbot.
'Parses a string and returns a datetime.date.
'Try to get the value from the node without throwing an error.'.
'Setup the Insteon local switch platform.'.
'Unescape HTML entities in text.
'Create n_colors RGB colors from a list of color names.'.
'Delete the text before the cursor.'.
'Takes a list of dicts and sorts them in ascending order.
'Returns a list of the CREATE INDEX SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Get movie chapter description. DCNL.
'Determine where a program is installed.
'Update the remotes'.
'Registers a new user in the site.'.
'Add/reschedule a job to the schedule.
'Unlock a user.'.
'Set options[\'classes\'] and delete options[\'classes\'].'.
'Inject subreddits into cloudsearch results.'.
'Return True if XBPS is installed.'.
'Return a cache key for an entry.
'Parses a comment.'.
'Directory.filelink should raise a ValueError when it contains a directory that DCNL does not
'Test that exceptions thrown by modules are properly DCNL caught by repr().'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Convert a Python object to a dictionary of serializable types.'.
'Parse an arXiv URL into (user_id, user_id) pair.
'Start the s3 server on the given port'.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Format a traceback.'.
'Check if the reCAPTCHA request is valid.
'Add a constructor to a tag.
'Read an index from a file. DCNL.
'Remove keys that are not standard in metafile'.
'Plots the predictive distribution of a posterior given trace.
'Make sure the client doesn\'t raise an error when getting the version.'.
'Formats size in a human readable way'.
'Return the amount of CPU affinity for a task DCNL :param pid: PID of
':type args: CoverageConfig'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Helper function to format an issue into something more serializable.'.
'Authenticates user using Spacewalk\'s API.
'Ensure opendocx can be opened for reading and writing.'.
'Return a list of wrapped lines.
'RESTful CRUD controller for Site Locations'.
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'Return True if the named service is available, otherwise False.
'Check if a release is in a particular episode'.
'Download an S3 object to a file.
'<karma> -- Returns all loved karmas'.
'A with-context that copies a file to a temporary location.
'Return a list of period names in the current locale.'.
'Disable serializers that are considered to be unsafe.
'Ensure that attributes are set correctly.'.
'Generate random blobs of data'.
'An instrumented Template render method, providing a signal DCNL that can be intercepted by the
'Returns a dict of profile image names and their paths.'.
'Get the distro description.'.
'List servers in haproxy DCNL backend DCNL The haproxy backend to use DCNL
'Converts a JSON row to a row of data.
'Get the first word of the split line.'.
'Given a domain name, check to see if the given domain exists.
'Test trimming and appending raw data.'.
'Test that the number of reads is correct.'.
'Evaluate an expression. DCNL >>> expr_eval("ABC") DCNL >>>
'Convert a symmetric polynomial to a generalized polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'It should call prompt with process_json argument'.
'Return the CPP variable that should be used as a header guard.
'Checks that arg is a valid typing object.
'Return the main WML document.
'Loads a pickled object from a string.'.
'Search for a URL in the WSGI environment.
'Sets the global flag indicating that the process should be DCNL interactive.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns the traceback of the thread with the given ID.
'Require that a file exists on the filesystem.'.
'Returns a set of email addresses for the given list of review requests.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can operate on DC
'Set the EGID for this process.'.
'Given a list of clsids, return a list of (pyfactory, regid)
'Ensure alias with passed properties is absent.
'Create a port group on a network or vswitch.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Display a list of all review requests.'.
'List all repos located within a basedir.
'right is an indirect child of left'.
'Write the rootObject\'s plist to the resource fork at path.'.
'Return the name of the bootstrap script to use'.
'Proxy for dividing two scalars.'.
'Test plot_image.'.
'Install coverage prerequisites.'.
'Parse an error XML element from a stream error document. DCNL.
'Check for assert(True) instances'.
'Make sure the default height_ratios is set.'.
'Register all models with the given engine.'.
'Split the command line into whitespace-separated arguments.
'Returns the number of intra-community edges for the given partition.'.
'Compute the Kruskal statistic on the given output.'.
'Returns the name of the comment app.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Repeats the elements of a along the given axis.
'Get an email address from the user.
'Template settings for France DCNL - designed to be used in a Cascade with an application
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Test whether three units have the same number of components.'.
'Changes the tablespace properties DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Uptime a hypervisor.'.
'Test creating chart data source from lists of kw columns.'.
'Return True if docstrings are disabled, False otherwise'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Copies modified jars from web.inf to lib.'.
'Pause the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set up the database'.
'Case Status: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Scan the default SR.'.
'Get a single release by id.
'Open a text file and return a unicode string.'.
'Return a list of process ids for a process in the process tree.
'Generate a unique filename for mozspace photo.'.
'Given an html tree, return a string of HTML formatted text.'.
'Make the first column of the table paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph paragraph
'Check if pyenv is present'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if all ancestors of the given page are published.'.
'creates button'.
'Generate an event signature.
'Parse a pkginfo line into a pkginfo object'.
'Run LE-AUTO on the venv directory.
'Ensure that ``value`` evaluates to ``True``.'.
'cc_config section.'.
'Generate code for a template node.
'Converts a module namespace to a Python dictionary.'.
'Write a key/value pair to a file DCNL path DCNL Path to the file
'Convert an index object to a native index object.'.
'Test FileLinks'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Determines appropriate setting for a given request, taking into account the DCNL explicit setting on
'Returns the rank of the singular values, starting with t.'.
'Returns a string containing the current context'.
'Evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cos of an interval'.
'Configure Network SNMP community string DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a map of case ids to a list of indexes. DCNL Parameters DCNL df
'Return a specific tenant (keystone tenant-get) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Check if descriptor is mobile available.
'Scan source files and inject annotations into each of them.
'Wrapper for :func:`s3request` that raises an HTTP error'.
'Get options from a select browser query.'.
'Return entry info dict for the given group/name of the given distribution.
'Get the description for carve.'.
'Return a query for all activities about a user.'.
'Index a chunk of ids.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get the value of the setting for the specified class.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Compare two dictionaries ignoring order'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Ensure that traffic at a given path is offline.
'Get the virtual packages in __context__.
'Send monthly reports'.
'convert multinomial netcdf to cumulus'.
'Sends a message on a fanout exchange to a topic.
'Syncs the local database with the remote database.'.
'Remove the queue logging handler from the root logger.'.
'URL encode a single string with a given encoding.
'Get power of device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'returns the gradient of the logistic function at index i of x_i'.
'Return the BlobInfo entity for the blob_key.
'Get a group type by name.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket.get
'Returns the reason for the given exception, e.g.
'Setup fast link-prog builder'.
'Return True if headers indicate that headers are for a websocket.'.
'Perform an L{LookupAllRecords} record record record. DCNL.
'Checks if geoserver is up'.
'Convert a key text to a KeyInfo object.
'Set the given properties on a fixed ip and update it.
'Return the fully qualified name of a module, class, method or function.
'Get the install function for the given platform.
'Remove the task app directory.'.
'Build a simple wininst installer.'.
'Builds a Property Spec.'.
'It doesn\'t upgrade a dependency if it no longer satisfies the requirements.'.
'If crossorigin is enabled, return HTTP cross-origin'.
'Return the status of a memcached server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove a network DCNL network_id DCNL ID of network DCNL CLI Example:
'Get an image member by id.'.
'Make sure we don\'t try to use DNN.algo_bwd()
'unittest decorator to skip a test if it is PyPy.'.
'Refresh the grains from the proxied device'.
'Round a number to a precision'.
'Run the uname command.'.
'Only load if adbm is installed'.
'Sets the restart mode for the given file.'.
'Scheduled sample. DCNL Parameters DCNL ground_truth : tf.Tensor DCNL
'Return string with special characters escaped.'.
'Return without doing anything.'.
'Returns a tuple of (num, themes, locks) for the given reviewer.
'Wrapper around MakeArgb that only supports RGBA.'.
'Read a line of text from stdin.
'Update an instance with the given values.'.
'Converts an integer to a CPP-compatible integer.'.
'Given a valid region name, return a DCNL :class:`boto.vpc
'Returns True if there are external plugins configured.'.
'Find the nearest-matching movie for a movie, given a set of reviews DCNL
'Return the number of unallocated bytes on this machine'.
'Check usage of the module.'.
'Perform pivoting on the tableau.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Translate xcbq modifiers to xcbq mask operators.'.
'Test barbs with bad masked sizes'.
'Process hourly traffic logs'.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
'Open the browse dialog for the current branch.'.
'Returns the value of the setting for a placeholder, if it exists.
'View for choosing which mailing lists to use'.
'Compute the computed pprincipal projection.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Read all keyboard actions.'.
'Returns a deprecation docstring for the given version.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Split an entry into its component parts. DCNL :param entry: The entry to split
'Save the load to the specified jid'.
'Displays all celery settings'.
'Return the JSON representation of a book.'.
'Convert a string to a number.
'Creates a transfer job for a given transfer date.'.
'Monitor the disk usage of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'find_degree(M, deg_f) -> int DCNL Finds the highest
'Check if hg is installed.'.
'Converts a Python object into a JSON string.
'Takes a list of (filename, lineno, name, value) tuples and
'Clean up a process by PID.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Initialize the OVSDB handler.'.
'Ensure that the user exists in the specified htpasswd file DCNL name DC
'Set the current system time DCNL :param time: DCNL :return:'.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DCNL underscore
'Reset shortcuts to default values.'.
'Returns True if there is an app context in use.'.
'Returns a (host, port) tuple for the given node.
'Return a subprocess.Process object for the given cmds and environment.
'Create a new branch.
'Helper to expand windows paths.'.
'Uncaches a zip directory. DCNL :param path: The path to the zip
'The mod_aggregate function that aggregates modules in the specified DCNL low chunks.
'Convert a WOTAN tag to a penntreebank tag.'.
'Normalize batch in training. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : tf.Tensor DCNL
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'New document in a typed folder'.
'Return sys.version_info as a list of tuples, one for each DCNL
'Get equation for polarotazimuth.'.
'Test argument type conversion with str type.'.
'Return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns. DCNL Each object in the
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns a sorted list of resources that match the node\'s attributes.'.
'Return the JSON for the GAE push button.'.
'Return True if ``f`` is a float literal.'.
'Generate a random string of length l.'.
'Make sure all keys and values in dictionary are unicode.
'statements : statement'.
'Account delete'.
'Setup the RUSS platform.'.
'Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv6 address.'.
'Apply ``f(clip, *a, **kw)`` to a copy of
'Return a string representation of an expression.
'Tests that serializing blocks roles works as expected'.
'Make a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone aware.'.
'Return the full request URI (e.g.
'Partitions the inputs by the attribute'.
'Computes the minimum distance between two sets of nodes.
'ReLU activation function. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Apply a single palette to an image.
'Context manager to change the effective user ID for a given user.
'Return vm running status.'.
'Migrate data directories.'.
'Load a dataset. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset_yml : str DCNL yml
'Parses the given XML file using the given handler.'.
'Decode a python value into a tuple (key, value) suitable for storing in a DC
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Looks to see if apcaccess is present on the system'.
'Calculate torrent hash for link or data.
'Remove a file or a directory'.
'Get the stroke radius.'.
'Return the triangle formed by a straight line connecting l1 to l2.'.
'Get the account info from the env dictionary and app.
'Return a string representation of the agent.'.
'Prints a message to stderr and exits with an exit code.
'Get geometry output from text by manipulation.'.
'Decompose a multiplicative expression into a numerator and denominator.
'Get the value of MAKEOPTS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return the
'Copy all files and dirs in a source directory to a destination.
'Return a dict of (resource_name, total_reserved) for the given resources.
'Only on Solaris-like systems'.
'Converts an image into a numpy array.
'Return a list of indices for the given shape.'.
'Return True if the argument is a plural word.'.
'Return the state name from a string name. DCNL.
'Configure IPython inline support for the given shell.'.
'yaml: string DCNL A string metadata DCNL Requires the Jenkins :jenkins-
'Setup logging for a particular product.'.
'Test subpixel coverage of a 1D Gaussian with mode 1D.'.
'Returns a file-like object'.
'Return true if the object is a class or a method.
'Handles a backup_complete event.
'Returns the B-value of a numeric property.'.
'Test that PIL.createPdf works as expected.'.
'Registers GNTP mininotes.
'Clean up after metric cleanup.'.
'Return True if the file at relative_path exists in the given package.'.
'Copy location of old_node to new_node'.
'Update evoked.'.
'Convert a hash to a python dictionary'.
'Calculate the campos zeros.'.
'Convert text into a DNS rdata type value.'.
'Initialize the module'.
'Toggle the draw options.'.
'Returns the memory usage in bytes of the current process.
'Return the product of a sequence of iterators.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Returns the given HTML-unescaped string.
'Zeros mutable fields in a packet.
'Add an external account to a user'.
'Detect the shippable changes that need to be committed.
'List all mailcap files'.
'Generates a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) tuples for each zoom level
'Execute a convergence plan.
'yaml: job-log-logger DCNL Trigger job log processing.
'Run all checks on the given estimator.'.
'Redirect to the student\'s home page if they\'re logged in.'.
'Returns ``None`` if ``argument`` is None, otherwise ``str``.
'Returns the user profile dict for the given usernames.'.
'Return the version from the script.'.
'Make sure we have enough semaphores'.
'Run the TextTestRunner'.
'Create a response object from the generator'.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Map a volume to a host.
'Decode string/unicode value to unicode DCNL >>> decode(\'foo\', \'
'Traverse the tree starting at start_node, skipping all nodes that do not satisfy DCNL
'Write a gif file.'.
'Return the numeric part of a string, or None if the string is not DCNL numeric
'Returns the value of a property, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Add the closed xml tag.'.
'Return arp information from arp -H DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Takes a header key and a dictionary (dict) and returns the DCNL encoded
'optstep : STEP DCNL | STEP'.
'Check that diverging a datetime by a factor stays within range.'.
'Return a date object representing a date range.'.
'Checks the length of each seq in the fasta file and returns a dict DCNL
'Encode a Name object into an X509_NAME structure.'.
'Force the service to shut down.'.
'Find an object in a namespace.
'Get partitions from disk.'.
'Returns a category\'s value from its unique label string.
'Converts an integer to a Roman numeral representation.
'Convert a dispatch list into a YAML string.'.
'Returns the bernoulli samples of a random number generator.
'Setup Tellstick live client.'.
'Setup logging.'.
'Nested View'.
'Generate a simple dataset.'.
'Create a new local dictionary and add it to the stack.
'Compute covariance matrix. DCNL xs: array of x values DCNL ys:
'Test uninstalling an editable package (and Pip installing)'.
'Cycle permutations of a list.
'TODO docs.'.
'Return True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Method to decode streams using the JBIG2 standard (NOT IMPLEMENTED Y
'Returns the cache key for the given parameters.
'Checks if the given value is equal to the value of the given variable.
'Decorator to indicate that a function should not be run.
'Updates device metadata.'.
'Return two polynomials below xmin and ys.'.
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Return the name of an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check that the astropy pytpm from FK5 to Trueecliptic
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return task flow for OVF workflows.'.
'Get the number of hosts.
'Returns a translated field value for the given text, in the given language.'.
'softmax(p) -> dict DCNL Compute the softmax of a dict DCNL
'Translate a role name into a function using the language_module.
'Run a shell command from the command line.
'Creates a vlan interface in the specified namespace.
'Retrieve enrollment information for a given course.
'Build a URL.'.
'Given a list of valid commands, select the corrected command.
'Test registering a new bundle.'.
'Return a list of valid gettext patterns.'.
'Return a list of all factory modules.'.
'Returns the given unicode string in utf-8.
'Return True if *expr* is a valid function variable.'.
'Generate a hash for the request id.'.
'Return a SpyderApplication instance.
'Returns event source mappings. DCNL :param client: AWS API client'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show a specific service_certificate DCNL
'Return True if the operation is complete.'.
'Test logout.'.
'Returns the signature for the given secret and parts.'.
'Extract a file from a tar archive using the cat_pipeline pipeline.'.
'Return the line number of the given node.
'Converts a logging level to the corresponding log level.'.
'Emit analytics events after saving a user.
'Pack the given operation and data into a message.
'Get the evaluated expression value.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Set the x-axis layout DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prepare totals to be displayed. DCNL head_res: DataFrame DCNL baseline_
'Same as item.in_(inlist).'.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument'.
'Check whether a file is newer than another.'.
'Get all instances belonging to a host on a node.'.
'This function is called when the SITE_CONFIG_MIGRATE_TABLE is DC
'Sign data with the current user\'s private key.
'Returns a float representing the Unicode character ratio.
'Wait for a VBL to appear, or abort'.
'Compute the fingerprint of a list of files.
'Return the full path of a device'.
'Sort tasks by name.'.
'Determine if a field is sonoidal.
'SaleSource edit'.
'Parse a URL into a target URL.
'Returns the user\'s auth settings, or None if there isn\'t any.'.
'Setup the console logger'.
'Try to get the URL for the given url name.
'Read the btmp file and return the data in a list of dicts'.
'Check if source is a tuple or list of tuple sources.
'Return a list of strings representing an interface. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current time zone as a tzinfo object.
'Checks whether user can add translation to given project.'.
'Test pydot.profile theano functions.'.
'Expand integer type.'.
'Sort a list of results by unicode sort'.
'Calculate the click through rate.'.
'Check if a snapshot is in progress for the specified repository, and if so, snap it
'Check that solveset and conditionset produce the same result.'.
'Check if DNS support is enabled for the given bucket_name.
'Return the number of active CPUs on this system.'.
'Stop logging for a trail DCNL Returns {tagged: true} if the trail was
'Return etc_hosts information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Once strips an HTML string, returns the string as a string.'.
'Flag an existing flag type.
'Try to rescan if there are blocks left to rescan.'.
'Find the widget\'s content and return it as markup'.
'Set the given properties on an computeNode and update it.
'Check if the user is allowed to join a group. DCNL :param api_version
'Use Netdev to verify integrity of a network device.'.
'Return the given string as a bytestring (if possible).'.
'Create a view with a scratch text.
'Allocate/release EIP'.
'Adjust the time delay for the last query to be at least lowerStdLimit'.
'Creates the app directory structure and unpacks it if needed.
'Find the first occurrence of `pat` in `text`.
'Return the user we\'re running on.
'Get text until a dot.'.
'Awards a badge to the user if they have completed their course.
'.. warning:: DCNL This function is **deprecated** and will be removed in version
'Return system information for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio'
'Enable the service.'.
'Returns a suitable model field name for slugification'.
'Skip a fixed64 value.
'Add request to queue'.
'Clones a list of configurations for device and emulator.
'Validate a block against the given context.'.
'Check for \'LOG.warn(\'.
'Returns the email address for the given user_id.
'Read 32bit integer from bti file.'.
'Check if we are running in Travis CI.'.
'Issue a deprecation warning for a deprecated worker module.
'Given an input string, returns an HTML fragment as a string.
'Decode a NameID from a string. DCNL.
'Return the bucket for the bucket_id'.
'List all packages available for upgrades on a specified jid DCNL jid DCNL
'Generates a ctypes function that returns a double value.'.
'Return the total seconds in a timedelta'.
'List all IAM instance profiles, starting at the optional path.
'Convert a float array into a constant tensor.'.
'Mark an email as opt-in.
'Iterate over all nodes of an XML document.
'Redirect to /admin/create'.
'Given a pointer to a string, returns the string at which it was allocated.
'Return a list of roles for a user (keystone user-list) DCNL CLI
'Takes a list of strings and returns a unicode string.
'Test reading raw edf file data.'.
'Clear all artifacts for a version.'.
'broadcast b to a if a == b else raise'.
'Setup the NetAtmo cameras.'.
'Check if the application URLs are still valid.
'Create a failed upload validation error message.'.
'Convert a value to a NumPy array.
'Issue a warning. DCNL.
'Setup the test database.'.
'Run a poll on a list of popens.
'Returns the file name for a new state file for a zone.'.
'Encrypts a stream. DCNL :param mode: encryption mode DCNL :param in
'Return a dict with keys \'title\', \'creator\', \'content
'Loads a module and returns it.
'Tests retrieving multiple items from the API using the \'get multi_m2m\'
'Makes a lexer given a list of symbols. DCNL :param symbols: A list
'<egg> - creates a new egg'.
'Update a location tree for a user DCNL.
'Prints the current stack to the log file.'.
'Imports a module from the specified path.
'Return a bytestring version of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'encoding
'Check a hashed password against a password.
'Return a list of metaschemas.
'Generate a new certificate for the given domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extracts the username and password from a URL.
'Rotates the encryption key in the current bucket to the new_encryption_key.
'Load ORM bundles using yield_per()'.
'Print a list of orders'.
'Load the configuration'.
'Delete a topic. DCNL uid DCNL The id of the topic to delete. DC
'Install the Jupyter hook into the current directory.
'Returns a list of cliques in the given graph.
'Return the hub matrix.
'Runs a WSGI server with the given WSGI middleware.'.
'Loads all registered account types.
'Returns the string ``s`` masked by ``p``.'.
'Yields (index, text) for every non-whitespace character in the line.
'Decodes base64 encoded data and decrypts it using the given key.
'Iterates over all tests in the given test suite.
'Clear a single feature.
'Returns queue list to use for timeout calculation.
'Parse the first YAML document in a stream DCNL and produce the corresponding Python object.'.
'Delete all issues that are justified.'.
'Return the path to the python inc directory.
'initializer : LBRACE initializer_list RBRACE'.
'Decorator for catching corrupted database errors.
'Clears the cache.'.
'Unbind a server from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Download the file at the given url DCNL :param url: The URL to download DC
'Strip the default value from a command line argument'.
'Deletes a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
'Read in the ext_pillar data for a minion'.
'Return True if the module can be imported.'.
'Scan for all packages. DCNL Returns: A list of tuples: DCNL (
'Return true if the line is the first line of the file.'.
'Finds the differences between two files.
'Print the current line number.'.
'Convert an ASCII format string to a human readable format.
'Returns a tuple of (name1, name2, name3) where the first element is DC
'A simple coin flip'.
'Parse a textual string into a datetime object DCNL :param content: Content of the email
'Looks to see if pkgin is present on the system'.
'Close the session object for this request'.
'Returns the combined keywords from the given text.
'<series> -- Gets the last episode of <series>.'.
'Check that the file exists and is a valid file.
'Return columns based on filters'.
'Disable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return versions information'.
'Clean test files.'.
'Captures captured stdout'.
'Returns True if the given name is a bucket.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally saving
'Converts a locale name (e.g.
'Invalidates a cached entry for a given star import module.
'Convert an IRI to a URI.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Run the linters for production and non-interactive tests.'.
'Helper to get events for a given stack.'.
'Get the LAN IP'.
'Serialize an object to a string.
'Return True if settings.LETTUCE_APPS contains a list of app names.
'Convert a URL to a byte string.
'Takes a title and truncates it if it is too long.'.
'Find a missing edge in graph.'.
'Create the sum-probdist.'.
'Scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data'.
'Get social auth for a user.
'Register routes for all API methods in the application.
'Fit model, wrapping around fit_constrained.'.
'Returns a dictionary of unknown path attributes.
'Delete a repository. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return a key tuple for a log match.
'Check if we are running on a SmartOS system.'.
'Returns True if the given app name is installed.'.
'Convert a Requirement or string into a :class:`.Distribution` object.
'Test whether a path is a mount point (as opposed to the mount point) DCNL
'Remove a site. DCNL name DCNL The name of the site to remove. DC
'Parses and validates a state value.
'Call zypper refreshable.call'.
'Return True if the given path should be included.
'Require an RPM package to be uninstalled.
'Retrieves a block device volume by ID.
'Validate that iterables contains only valid fields.'.
'Log out the user from the webserver.'.
'Return the correct command to run'.
'Read a file chunk into a list of lines.
'get chimeras from ast-aligned fasta file'.
'Check LDEV information for managing existing volumes.'.
'Get exit survey results.'.
'Resolves an authorization code into a human-readable form.
'Encode the input, returning a tuple (output object, length consumed).
'Check if a directory is installable DCNL :param path: Directory to check DCNL
'Return the names of all distributions available on this platform.'.
'This gives admins the ability to unban a user.
'Returns (name, url, current, required) for a single service.
'Get the cubic path by begin and end.'.
'Extract candidate loop informations.'.
'Return a filedescriptor from a file or file-like object.'.
'Gets the time when the account was created.
'Returns True if the user has a set language, False otherwise.'.
'Call overlap_slices() with a wrong mode.'.
'Check the current page\'s contents for HTML.
'Set a value for a key in a service'.
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'<user> - gets polls for <user> from poll <user>'.
'addfriend(self, username, status=200, autoupdate=True) DCNL
'Restores int flag value.'.
'Test that tabhistory.deserialize() returns an empty list.'.
'Returns a group\'s members page.
'Create a formset with the same parameters as the input, but with DCNL the same
'set bootinfo.user to user'.
'Given a list of mappings, returns the set of used lun ids.'.
'Returns the shared strategy.'.
'Divide polynomials in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using moments'.
'Returns the current git changeset.
'Expand hierarchy metadata to include \'name\' field.'.
'Helper to create a variable with weight decay.
'Returns the status for a monit service.
'Make sure the database is ready for use'.
'Flag the status of an addon.'.
'Sends an email to the given recipients.
'Read temp interface templates DCNL :param iface: The interface to read DCNL :param
'Asserts that the path matches the text of the element.'.
'A dummy docutils page'.
'Start the tracemalloc thread and save the data.'.
'Grant a privilege to a database to a user.
'Toggle fullscreen. DCNL.
'Send compute.instance.update notification to report changes.'.
'Find all domains in the given directory.'.
'statement : statement'.
'Create a thread. DCNL Arguments: DCNL request: The django request object used for
'Returns the preferred language from the request, if it exists, or DCNL the user\'
'Get new repository.'.
'Given a list of dictionaries, returns an iterator over (dict, name, value) DC
'Only load this module if python-etcd is installed'.
'Generate the index page. DCNL :param index_links: A list of tuples
'Returns the number of votes a given object has.'.
'Bind a floating IP to a device.
'Initialize a new Ansible inventory with local variables'.
'Assert that s*phi <= derphi*(c1*s) * derphi
'Given a point in [0,1] range, return (0,1).'.
'Scenario.from_string should ignore lines that are commented on'.
'Move up or down the stack'.
'Create a new class.
'Build a test suite.'.
'Return a unique minion id.'.
'Convert a list of name-value strings into a dictionary. DCNL :param name_
'Find the path to a UNIX socket.'.
'Return a dictionary of environment variables that can be used to clean up the process DCNL of
'Create a ZFS storage pool.'.
'Helper function to read a string from a buffer.
'Generate a pseudorandom number.'.
'Returns index which holds minimum of array elements over a given axis.
'Recursively apply a function to all expressions in an expression.
'Return current request object'.
'Convert behave and cucumber json files to JSON.'.
'Perform a linear convolution on args, kw, kh, nin and kw
'Set authentication headers.'.
'Generate a random coincmatrix with the specified size and activity DCNL Parameters DCNL n
'Sleeps the current thread for the specified amount of time.
'Export instructor\'s course data to a JSON file.'.
'View that logins and completes the LTI login process.'.
'Return shape of values.
'Removes the end of a line and returns a tuple of the line and whether DCNL
'Returns a shared array of the given typecode or type and size.
'Write a string to a fif file.'.
'Test bulk_insert_dictionaries.'.
'Solves a 3D transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2.
'Create a state that applies a list of modules.
'Outputs a response with the given status code and headers.
'Remove the given tenant from the flavor access list.'.
'Hide a traceback from the stack (i.e.
'Validate the configuration and return a AsusWRT scanner.'.
'Lists all themes.'.
'Generate n_samples random sample indices.'.
'Parse a git patch message DCNL Return a tuple (Commit, diff, version) for
'Evaluate a model. DCNL Args: DCNL sess: A tf.Session.
'Given a search results string, return a list of tuples of all DCNL time results
'Returns a neighbor conf for given ip address if exists.
'Add editing resources to the template context.'.
'Returns the list of variables (orphans) between i and o.'.
'Check if text has mixed EOL chars'.
'Get a GET parameter from a request.
'Returns a list of box folders.'.
'Insert twist portions.'.
'Test that ``make_theano_rng`` works.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid global'.
'Generates a polynomial of degree `n` in `x`.
'Return all of the available shells'.
'Test that bloomables are correctly inserted'.
'Print connections between switches.'.
'Lock password of user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'If we\'re running from a Python installation, we don\'t have to install a
'Get rectangular grid.'.
'Convert a file to a new format.
'Iterate over all modules and packages in a given directory.'.
'Get the integer value of a property, or None if the property is not a valid int
'Get a template. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion boto_el
'Executes a command to change the mode of a channel.
'Return Volume or None'.
'Bootstrap the OSX OSX OSX with the given arguments.
'Uninstall one or more pecl extensions.
'Override the system resolver for the current thread.
'check a csv value DCNL return the split string'.
'Parse the /proc/cpus/online map file DCNL Returns a list of
'Set all module\' __file__ attribute to an absolute path.
'Returns a list of the data nodes in the tree in preorder.
'Split a list of ``chunks`` into ``delete`` chunks and the rest
'Determine if the procedure is empty or not.'.
'Create a small push directory in tmpdir.'.
'Returns a random color with the given alpha.'.
'Find an image by ID or name'.
'Return a suitable shard chooser for a given instance.'.
'Encode a JOSE certificate.
'Map view'.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Persist a user id and a backend in the request.
'Return a configured NginxConfigurator.'.
'Return a predicate returning true if the input values are not equal.'.
'Return the multi-dimensional norm of a.
'Wait for a scrub before continuing.'.
'Get the default secret key to use when connecting to AWS.'.
'Given a train set and a validation set, get the train and valid sets.'.
'Parse a template string into a dict.'.
'Lists all tags.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous DCNL type'.
'Sends static files to the static folder'.
'Set the *x* axis label of the current axis to *s*.
'if_stmt : IF LPAREN expr RPAREN'.
'Returns the standard deviation of the given list of values.
'Test that female pokemon species is female'.
'Lint tool output XML.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Replace random symbols in an expression with random symbols.
'Scans an example file for used functions and returns a set DCNL of backref
'Returns the SSH configuration for the specified host.
'Returns a simple About page.'.
'Checks that the attributes of a class differs from the DCNL attributes of its superclass
'Remove one or more packages.
'Return locale information'.
'Creates a image document'.
'Clears the database environment.'.
'Checks whether user can change dictionary of given project.'.
'Returns a video clip with the time mirrored.'.
'Clean up the database'.
'a: a theano base object DCNL b: a theano base object DCNL
'Parse a date delta (in seconds) into a datetime object'.
'Format the line to be used as a master config line'.
'Test plotting dipole locations.'.
'Train a model. DCNL Parameters DCNL total_loss : tf.TensorFlow
'Given a candidate AlbumInfo object, attempt to add the candidate DCNL to the results
'command : DIM'.
'Takes a list of matches and a command, and returns a list of suggestions for
'Read a requirements file and return a list of requirements.
'Add a query manager for timeframed models.'.
'Get a list of all packages installed under the given mirror.'.
'Rules configuration'.
'Fixture that sets the delete_pattern to a function that takes two DCNL arguments: DC
'Run pylint.'.
'Common logic for docker.run functions'.
'Read a file and return its contents'.
'Fixture providing a pair of X509 and X509Req objects'.
'Return the revision for the current branch or None if there is no revision.'.
'Get the content of a file, either from the filesystem or the filesystem.'.
'Return the script deployment object'.
'Uses the FTP server to list all available Metro stations.'.
'Check if a given path is blacklisted or not.
'Prints the query results to the console.'.
'Converts a unicode character to a Unicode character.'.
'Return a string containing the exclude string for a given client directory.'.
'Return the URL for a resource provider.'.
'Change the gid for a named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the line number in the current stack.'.
'Returns a list of composite indices for the given app.
'Test symmetricalloglocator.set_params.'.
'Recursively calls test_func on each element in sequence. DCNL >>> list(rec_
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple
'Normalize GCE facts. DCNL Args: DCNL metadata: GCE metadata DC
'read 4096 units at a time'.
'Given a valid config, create a topic rule.
'Perform any global pre-startup work, such as enabling authentication DCNL and enabling automatic
'Split a list of issues into two kinds of issues and pull requests.
'Evaluates the op on a and b according to the test mode.'.
'Return the value for a key.
'Perform alt-checker check. DCNL :param capfd: DCNL :param
'Get the complex polygon by start and end angle.'.
'Return the registration information for this minion DCNL name DCNL The name of the minion DC
'Adds a task to the queue if it is not already there.'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Return True if `obj` is a scalar, False otherwise.'.
'Create a figure with a cost plot.'.
'Return an HTML representation of the given exception DCNL info and traceback.
'Rebuild a block matrix from 2x2 blocks.'.
'Test skip() and wait_for().'.
'Test that adding a store fails if pootle_path does not exist.'.
'Checks cache for filenames.
'Test freezing an editable package.'.
'Adds a pre-save check to pre_save_checks to be used when
'Set attribute to a default value if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Creates a QColor with the specified index and values'.
'Apply a rule up a tree once.
'Checks the server is running.
'Check if a character is a junk'.
'Parses synonyms from a string.
'row_scale(x, s) -> matrix DCNL Return a matrix scaled by a
'Test to make sure that the sextractor last column array DCNL has the expected columns
'Return the last access time of a file'.
'Parse the output into a dict DCNL :param output: The output to parse DCNL
'Get S3A access key'.
'Convert a `datetimelike` object to an I8 array.
'Show standard icons and exit.'.
'Returns a list of topics.
'Converts `cmdoutput` output to a list of lines.'.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Loads an item from the cache.
'Build resources.'.
'<user> -- Searches SoundCloud for <user>.'.
'Handle 404 error. DCNL :param response: The response object DCNL :type response
'Deletes the specified IPsecPolicy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h)'.
'Draw a list of landmarks in the image.
'Return data to a postgres server'.
'Return a list of all modules that are not loaded'.
'Verifies that a link in the nav help element and click help DCNL button works as
'Fake version of os.open.'.
'Returns a random sentence of given length.'.
'Test creating chart data source from dict-like object'.
'toggle control register selection'.
'Create list of EEG elements.'.
'Return the router to use.
'Compute square-free part of ``f``.
'Elementwise ceil function.'.
'Return True if the given object is a writable file-like object.'.
'Generates a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) tuples for each zoom level
'Returns True if given `address` is a valid IPv4 address.
'Write a comment to a file.'.
'Return XML-compatible representation of an object'.
'Creates a buffer and feeds it into the current buffer.'.
'Drop the first n items of a sequence DCNL >>> drop(1, [1, [2
'Return a copy of os.env, with coverage suppressed.'.
'Returns True if the given value is within the range [min_value, max_value
'Limit the number of bandwidth and CPU utilizations'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the DEPEND atom version as a human-readable string.'.
'Test classes attribute'.
'Fetch hourly weather reports for a given location.
'Return an iterator of Track instances for the given track ID.
'Only load if vbox is configured'.
'Return a time mirror for this track.'.
'Generates a DAC range.'.
'Return a unique file name for the given path.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.template.
'Raise a `VariableError` exception with a given name and candidates.
'Renders Markdown text to HTML.
'If time zone support is enabled, convert naive datetimes DCNL to naive in the current
'Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8-bit date format'.
'Execute a pshell command and return the output as a python object.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL - More than one space
'Returns the given HTML with all control characters escaped.'.
'Makes the validation result for debugging.'.
'Get the instrument with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with a \
'Kill the specified containers.'.
'Convert a font size in pixels to the specified units'.
'Check that the helio is inside the barycentric frame'.
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Splits the server id and server version from the full version id.
'Clean up the database'.
'CM REESTABLISHMENT REQUEST Section 9.3.3'.
'Create a network with the given datasource.
'Takes a list of choices and combines them into a single list.'.
'Returns an instance of the RESTful API client for the given config and student.
'Replaces all email addresses in the changelog with their respective email addresses.
'Initialize the Flask application by injecting resource manager into globals.'.
'Returns True iff label_flags is a level label and vmin is greater than DC
'Create an image from the given file dict.
'Verify a user\'s password against a given cleartext password.
'Get new repository.'.
'Output a header with the given text and dash'.
'Returns the current language of the current thread.
'Escape characters for use in an LDAP URL.
'Start watching a locale for revisions.'.
'Get the home directory for ROS systems.
'Tests sync/update unit order.'.
'Update service status in rcconf'.
'A simple view that returns a simple template'.
'Converts a string argument to a unicode string.
'Return the full path to a file, given the mode, path and optional DCNL extension
'Run a list of commands in parallel.
'Return a copy of the method with the given im_name, im_self, and
'Order poles using complex poles.'.
'Return a string length padded to block_size.'.
'Check if a path is a device'.
'Returns the skewness of the given list of datetimes.
'Get a valid working directory.
'Convert a slice to a string.
'Test that all visible category links are visible.'.
'Return an IP address without brackets.'.
'Find the first bootable volume on a given server'.
'Return a symbolic column variable.
'Autostart the batch_file and rpc file for MobSF.'.
'Convert Home Assistant temperature to percentage.'.
'Parse the docstring of a function and return the parameters.'.
'Split a set of features into two sets of features.
'Generates and returns the recommendation_data.
'Checks that the number of expressions is greater than the maximum_FIELDS_RETURNED_
'Expand dimension links in metadata.
'A numeric or string subscript'.
'Parses the stderr of a bootstrapped task and returns a result dict.
'Encode a string using Base64 DCNL.
'Notify a list member added'.
'Test hide/supppressed functionality.'.
'Upload files to a remote server. DCNL :param address: address of the server to
'Check the creation of a new ICRS with projection parameters.'.
'Create a new HTTP request.
'Resets the modulestore and contentstore databases after each test.'.
'Consume `n` items from the iterator.'.
'Get the global configuration for the web app.
'Check roundtrip behavior for monochrome images.
'Performs a server reboot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given service name exists in the current context DCNL :param name:
'Convert a bytes string to an ElementTree.
'Validate the throttle parameter.'.
'Create a status line in the terminal.'.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect.'.
'Setup the Tellstick component.'.
'Create a backup object.'.
'Get the arc distance from the split line.'.
'Create and return a raw image from the image file.'.
'Deprecated. Use os.popen instead.'.
'Gets the default object values file.'.
'Converts a list of exploration summary models into a dict.
'Creates a client for working with cloud CDN.'.
'Raise a warning if an IERSError is raised'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type container_id: str DCNL :type
'Dumps an object to a string.
'Translate mode to NDImage format.'.
'Write the contents of the tree in ``old_tree`` to ``f``.
'Takes a sequence of (bytestring, int) tuples, and returns a
'Returns the softmax of a Probability object.
'Check for commas in saml private key file path'.
'Check if the given role is present in any of the folders where the role is DCNL
'Return an XML stream factory for a connected component.
'Encode a name/value pair.
'Get system statistics.'.
'Updates follower metadata.'.
'Convert dotted argument string to dictionary.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Profile function for bc01.'.
'Fast QUAL conversion (PRIVATE).
'Update the metadata for a question DCNL.
'Returns a unique id for a request.
'Returns a tuple of 4 and 6 interface addresses'.
'Parse an HTML page and return the DOM representation.'.
'Create a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return the absolute path of `path`.
'Return True if the module is not found in the current call stack.
'Assert that all tps are not the same.'.
'Convert a fps array to the model parameters.'.
'Ticket edit'.
'Helper to analyze generators.'.
'Clear the template info cache.
'Implement match operations on expressions.'.
'Test finding EOG events.'.
'Return a list of fonts that are installed on the system, with the given DCNL
'Returns a human-readable summary of the given items.
'The main function for this script'.
'Isolate an algebraic number polynomial.
'Set the factory to be used when instantiating a log record.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Returns the relative distance between two strings.'.
'Returns True if the variable is an odd number.'.
'Convert from topo to sphere.'.
'double_nibble_hex_encoding(t) -> str DCNL Encode double n
'Returns a lexer class corresponding to a given MIME type.
'Move forward a character.'.
'Returns a default initializer for the Linear module.'.
'Skip test if at least one of `commands` exists.'.
'Compute the gradient of the expected energy of ``w`` with DCNL ``v`
'Converts a date in the format YYYYMMDD or YYYYMMDD into a
'Test bounded x fail'.
'Unzip an archive to a temporary directory'.
'Test nextitem() raises an exception if the index is exhausted.'.
'Creates an event object for this process.'.
'Returns the targets in target_list that match build_file.
'Creates a square thumbnail from the given source image.'.
'Convert an absolute path to a relative path.
'Check for changes between two entities'.
'Join host strings with user and port.
'Load the compiler config'.
'Read a data file and return it as a string.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'yaml: label DCNL A label parameter.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or DCNL installation.
'Defines the default inception scope.
'Print text with the given color.'.
'Check to see if a module is safe to import.'.
'Return the filesystem label for a test case.'.
'Run web services.'.
'Return an iterator of EntryPoint objects for the given namespace.
'Given a dict of filters and a attr_info, return a dict of filters.
'Format the nodetext.'.
'Binary crossentropy between an output value and a target value.
'Setup a local light.'.
'Logistic logistic function'.
'_shell_wrap() escapes command if shell is true'.
'Return valid settings from mine.'.
'run the fit of the distribution using the MCMC parameters'.
'Ensure that the reshape functions work properly'.
'Returns sample for a given collection type.
'Return a dict of all mdadm devices on the system'.
'Displays the breadcrumb navigation for the current user.'.
'read_random_int(nbits) -> int DCNL Reads a random integer
'Load settings from a file. DCNL :param path: Path to the file DCNL
'Selects individuals with automatic epilonlexicase.
'Convert a path to its canonical, case-normalized, absolute path'.
'Converts the given value to the type given by t.'.
'Return the state of the EBS volume.
'Get current media player media. DCNL.
'Given an app_label, a model name and an id, return the corresponding instance DC
'Setup the pcs cluster on the given nodes DCNL nodes DCNL list of nodes to
'Return a dict of HTTP headers that can be used to add HTTP headers.'.
'Delete a column from a grid.
'Scans config files for plugins and populates the plugin_provides dict DCNL with
'Gets the user settings for a given username.
'Comb a gcode linear move text.'.
'Checks for invalid qos spec combinations.'.
'_generate_a_indptr(num_states, s_indices, out)
'Check for bare except statements.
'Return the most frequent value found in the array for the DCNL given number of repeats
'Add the current version to the context.'.
'Test that a custom system environment is set as expected.'.
'Checks if there are any free/free paths in the list of unmerged paths
'Returns True if the contents of the arrays are equal.'.
'Load a Markov model from a file.
'Write text with a color scheme, e.g.
'A context manager that silences sys.stdout and sys.stderr.
'Test PackageFinder prefers eggfragments first'.
'Update default rc params with file defaults'.
'Runs Markdown over the given value, optionally using various DCNL extensions python-markdown supports
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an Abb
'Returns the hash of the user/password passed to the method.
'Rotate left by 64 bits'.
'Get the current libvlc compiler.
'Get words from the dictionary.'.
'Parse the \'format help\' directive, which is used by the \'test\'
'Raise ``p1`` to the square of ``x``.
'This function is deprecated in favor of getlumseries().
'Given a list of year span dictionaries, extend them to include at least spanlen DCNL
'Return a socket that is already listening on the given port.
'FileLinks.file_to_filelinks raises a ValueError if the error is raised on
'Step 1a strips vowel or vowel if preceded by a vowel.
'Ask for a filename and return a file object'.
'Test that URIs with unquoted percents are properly quoted.'.
'Gets metrics data for a given type and record'.
'initialise module'.
'Get the convex polygon around a closed loop.'.
'Check for \'todo()\'. DCNL Cinder HACKING guide recommendation for
'Create an image tag.'.
'Find fiducials files.'.
'Return a human-readable label for a task'.
'Decode a BSON document to a Python dictionary.'.
'Notify an unfavorite event'.
'Filter a list of dictionaries by a key-value pair.
':type matches: MatchList DCNL :type value: str DCNL :rtype:
'Apply a bessel filter to data.
'Check if the current node is a master node.
'Reboot the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'expression_opt : expression_opt COMMA expression'.
'Formats a single allowed section'.
'Checks whether user can lock given project.'.
'Setup a local switch.'.
'Convert a datetime to a W3CDTF date format'.
'Returns a list of top-level images from the given imagedata.
'Test pip wheel fails if the previous build dir doesn\'t exist.'.
'Create an LValue node.'.
'Delete the given extra specs item.'.
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Step that always fails with a message.'.
'Return a list of installed packages'.
'Returns a list of ids of all explorations that the given user DCNL subscribes to
'Compute nt complex zeros of sine Fresnel integrals.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value DCNL
'direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator LBRACKET constant
'Run pathcheck. DCNL Args: DCNL args(str): Path to check.
'Internal, removes an interface from a bridge'.
'Push to a subscription.'.
'Check if a file is a tar archive'.
'Test Maxwell filter functions.'.
'Send email when a user changes their password'.
'Return True if the given device exists, False otherwise.'.
'Check if a series or episode is part of a show.
'Test rotation function'.
'Runs validation on a given schema file.
'Returns the series expansion of the cosine of ``p`` in ``X``.
'Get a configuration path.'.
'Recursively decodes unicode strings in an object.
'Return a generator of instance\'s services'.
'Recursively check all source files in the given paths.
'Test GPU version of gpuadvancedinc_subtensor.'.
'Convert boxes from XYW to XYXY.'.
'Get the outer loops.'.
'Test access and secret keys from environment variables.'.
'Only load if X509 libraries exist and if OpenSSL libraries are greater than DCNL a
'Returns a link\'s ID as a string, e.g.
'Converts a binary buffer into a VNI.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Create an annotated text clip.'.
'Return the context for a model.
'Fetch image from glance based on image type.'.
'ReLU activation function. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DC
'Returns dictionary of translation strings for the given type'.
'Guess a field\'s type.
'Initialize the BindCompletion model.'.
'Get the path to the SSL certificate file DCNL Returns None if the file does not exist
'Generate a colormap from the data dictionary.'.
'Get a certificate authority DCNL ca_name DCNL Name of the certificate authority DCNL
'Determine an ID from a path.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL form for entering
'Returns a review request object matching the given review request ID.
'Parses the download progress from the resource manager JavaScript.'.
'Make a CTF compensator.'.
'Converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to single line breaks DCNL
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Converts an integer to a number of bytes.
'Saves the tracemalloc to a file on the main thread'.
'Performs a complete linkage on the given data.
'Set the mode for a RabbitMQ quota on a RabbitMQ node.
'Get lines starting with ``name`` from a list of lines.
'Language: RU -> Feature.from_string'.
'Returns a message detail page.
'Verify that entry_points maps are parseable'.
'Test cloning from svn.'.
'Given a project and group, record the project\'s first event in the onboarding
'Add a FileHandler to the default logger, at the given path.'.
'Returns a list of the DROP TABLE SQL, then the CREATE TABLE SQL, for the
'Join two or more pathname components, appending "..
'Add a worker to the process manager'.
'Rename a process DCNL :param new_name: The new process name DCNL Return
'Initialize an Amazon DynamoDB schema.
'Unzip a file to a directory DCNL :param archive: The file name of the
'Writes the contents of a file to a user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI
'Read a hdf5 file and parse the output into a list of (layer, plot
'Output the graph in HTML.
'Converts a date object to an HTTP date string.'.
'Convert MC to Cumulative distribution.'.
'Install SSL options conf file.
'A fixture that returns the cache configuration.'.
'A callback for logging exceptions.'.
'Decode string values in an array.
'Given a URL, get the content of a file.
'Set the enterprise_url attribute of the class instance.'.
'Returns true if the given string is an int.'.
'Convert a row to a polynomial.'.
'Convert a string to utf-8.
'Return a dict of all available QingCloud sizes.
'Decode an RFC 2231 compliant string.
'Deletes the specified qos_specs.
'Unzip file'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Adds basic options to the opt_group.'.
'Language: zh-CN -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Creates certificates for https connections. DCNL :param ssl_cert: The certificate to
'Create a return URL from a base URL and a query.
'Convert a local path to its canonical form.'.
'Converts a datastore.Key to a datastore.KeyValue.
'Default callback for downloading zip files.'.
'Return a list of meters by project.
'Load the local variables from a file into a dictionary.'.
'Get files with the file types and unmodified if the file is in a directory.'.
'Context manager for temporarily disabling updates.'.
'Add bottom loop to loops.'.
'Setup the OCTOPRINT component.'.
'Convert aware datetime to naive datetime'.
'Runs a WSGI-function with an fcgi server.'.
'Returns the class corresponding to the given temporalimp name.'.
'Load an MNIST images file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCNL File
'check to make sure set_linestyle works properly'.
'Expected simple_two_params __doc__'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'Fixture providing a history object.'.
'Delete a draft from the remote backend.'.
'Test that GaussianB priors can be fitted'.
'Deletes the cache entry for `url`.'.
'Returns a list of the currently active contexts.
'Add square 2 to the pixel dictionary.'.
'Parse the add-value command.
'Join rows. DCNL :param rows: DCNL :param joiner: DCNL
'Redo last changes.'.
'Collapse a list of IP objects.
'Return version from nftables --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Error handler for permission denied'.
'Check if systemd is in the STARTED state'.
'Require SSH public keys to be present.
'Return a list of all job ids'.
'Check in all files for node and user.'.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Test that the context can be passed to generate_context.'.
'Check if pyconfig.h has been regenerated.'.
'Corrects some things that need to be done for a font.
'No changes to the image properties table from 008...'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Warn or raise a warning.
'Quote a string for use in a shell command line.
'Write the merged cells xml.'.
'Setup the EnOcean light platform.'.
'Checks if all required module dependencies are met.
'Validates that the users are logged in.
'A helper function for ``_safe_inv22_vectorized``.
'Remove files older than mtime.'.
'Install the docker plugin.
'Create a dataframe that can be used to compute data for factor computation. DCNL df
'Read a cache entry from a file. DCNL :param f: File object DCNL
'Returns a ``SortedDict`` containing form fields for the given model.
'Expands a dictionary into a dictionary with all the parts of the dictionary DCNL separated by
'Return the minion\'s configuration settings'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``addid {
'Builds the traversal spec.'.
'Rate of change percentage'.
'Ensure that the named host is not peered by peers. DCNL name DC
'Build a base class object declaration.'.
'Renders the threads page.'.
'Raise an appropriate exception if the environment has an error message.
'Remove a package from the ssh server DCNL.
'Returns the path to Cuckoo\'s root directory.'.
'Convert UNIX ticks into a date instance.'.
'Sends an email confirmation to the given user.
'Returns the logical line for the given result.'.
'Event handler for setting settings to None.'.
'Test converting pixel coordinates to sky coordinates.'.
'Insert directories into sys.path if they don\'t exist.'.
'Convert a JSON table to the native object.
'Returns a Jinja environment with the templates directory.'.
'Renders the template with the best match for the DCNL given parameters.
'Test shifted sparktext'.
'string : STRING DCNL | STRING'.
'Get a dictionary of all field getters from plugins.'.
'Validates read preference tags. DCNL :param name: Name of the read DCNL
'>>> cascaded_cmp_with_partial_constants() DCNL True
'Return a chunk from the file system'.
'Renames the named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Authorizes a user via OAuth.'.
'Return the given string as a unicode object, using the given encoding.
'Compile one or more source files.
'Create a temporary directory and write a script to it.
'Mark a volume as attached.'.
'Returns True if we are running in a dev2 environment.'.
'Close Swift connection'.
'Read a patched message from a file.
'Get voronoi loop by the inside and outside point.'.
'List launchd services.
'Test that the test_path_object argument is valid.'.
'Return the version of Evennia installed.
'Sleep for the given amount of time.'.
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'This is a no-op.
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9.1.17'.
'Test getting a locale from a language string.'.
'Show a commit dialog and return True if the dialog was accepted.'.
'Check if two DNs are equal.
'Disable a module. DCNL :param module: module to disable.'.
'Return the platform name for this platform.'.
'Z-transform for inverse fisher'.
'Test that SVC/SVC are properly connected to each other.'.
'acquire_for(pid_dir, num_available=10, kill_signal
'Returns the last item in the weekly dashboard for the specified user. DCNL :param user
'Return the text feedback box for the current user.'.
'Create a new bookmark collection for the given user.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/46
'Send a message to an XMPP recipient DCNL.
'Display the images in x. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array-like, shape
'Connect to the AMQP server using the specified parameters.
'Open a firewalld service.
'Check if a directory is empty.'.
'Get the URL for a service via the Marketing Service.
'Returns ``True`` iff any test passes.'.
'Helper function to add a user to the creator group.
'Executes a MySQL query and returns a hashed result'.
'Run command.'.
'Find a parameter in the data DCNL Parameters DCNL data : str DCNL The data
'Return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr DCNL that temporarily
'Checkout the current branch'.
'Add a tag to an image DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Update a quota class.'.
'Filters the queryset using get_object_or_404 and raise a Http404 exception if
'Return Ceph version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Recursively collects all the roots of a set of paths.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio'
'Write the password to the password file.'.
'Test the addition of a submodule to a package.'.
'Return a dictionary of unallocated memory usage.'.
'This function mocks a Software Secure POST request.
'Encodes obj using the banana protocol.'.
'List all available bridges DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the system username'.
'Split a pathname into (path, file) pair.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Detects logos in the file.'.
'Check if the given port can be connected to the given IP address.'.
'Generate gradients.'.
'Uninstall the flocker package from Ubuntu.'.
'LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9.1.16'.
'Returns the current process.'.
'Convert an id to a glance id.'.
'Load environment defined by plugins in config_path.
'Process the email for the specified stream.'.
'Remove all directories below or equal to clutter from the given path.'.
'Extracts all locations from a JSON body and validates against a schema.'.
'Return the name of the Python compiler.
'Return a `.Future` that will sleep for the given time.
'Returns the number of parameter banks for the given device.
'Displays whether remote events are on or off.
'Get the printZ value of the first non-empty line in the block.'.
'Encrypt text using ssh-key.
'Ignore certain headers from the current request.
'Returns an abort status object.'.
'Sign up a user. DCNL.
'Determine if SDRAM frequency config should be used.'.
'Updates the index for the given unit.
'Require the plugins to be loaded.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/numba/numba/issues/46
'Pwnstaller Generate Utils H code.
'Load an IPython extension.
'Checks if superset contains subset.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Set the active log format for
'Convert a symbol to a list of symbols.'.
'When a nomination is received, set the nomination date based on the last pending file DCNL
'Check for copyright. DCNL Raise an error if there is no copyright.'.
'The main output thread.'.
'add local classes to the first node'.
'Returns a list of all registered review request fieldsets.
'Authorize the given credentials using HTTP'.
'Adds an etag to the response if it is set.'.
'Run a job. DCNL :param job: The job to run. DCNL :
'Return a pair (intersecting, difference) of a dict.
'Return the list of data files to install.'.
'Define java_fat_library target.'.
'Makes the active translation object a NullTranslations() instance.
'Convert a list of colors to rgb255.
'Returns the response body according to format.'.
'Returns a list of (name, score) tuples with the lowest DCNL score.'
'Convert a list of word relationships into an xml element.
'Delete a task. DCNL :param str name: The task name DCNL :param
'Return the size of a set entry.'.
'Return True if the text has ajax crawlable metadata.'.
'Parse a schema resource.
'Similar to smart_text, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Return the configuration for the current session.'.
'Convert a format name to a Qemu format name.'.
'Cleans assets.'.
'Returns a dictionary of allowed config keys.'.
'This is a wrapper around get_unicode_file.
'Synchronize user\'s email addresses with database'.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\'.
'Get tags for a node DCNL name DCNL Name of the node to get tags for
'Convert a PIL Image to a wx.Image.
'Invalidates the star import cache for the given path.
'Returns the number of connected devices.'.
'Returns True if CUDA_CONNNET_SO can be opened'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Bumps the version.'.
'Configure all new mappers.
'Inverts a grayscale image to a grayscale image.
'Make sure the number of views in the design is the same.'.
'Returns a list of `number` random lines from `source`.
'Test whether an array is a sparse matrix.
'Return True if the named service is enabled, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Queue tab navigation for themes.'.
'Update Google Analytics search click counts.'.
'Get file size (in bytes) using fssize command'.
'Configure firewall rules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a unique variable.
'Return an iterator over all the web2py modules.
'Convert a list of block devices to the format required by the VM.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
'Returns a string describing the error for the given is_independent and DCNL is_
'Create an extension.'.
'Return True if the given value is true, False otherwise.'.
'Convert a gray string to a binary string.
'Create a mock descriptor system for testing purposes.'.
'Adds directory paths to the set of paths.
'Checks ownership of an object DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'Convert size string to integer.'.
'Provide meta-data for the current instance.'.
'Set the DNS for a DHCP interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a user name that can be used for a specific environment'.
'Get the content type for listings based on the query parameter'.
'Convert a pandas Series to an integer timestamp. DCNL :param dt_series: pandas
'Check if two crypto variables are equal.
'Prompt the user to choose from a list of options.
'Parse a single TCP line and return a dict with addresses and DCNL responses.'.
'Get dh generator and prime from a kex algorithm.'.
'Returns the encryption oracle for the given secret.
'Removes the project remote database.'.
'Determine the User-Agent to use for requests to the certbot server.
'Rebuild KB, in chunks.'.
'Test regression of future times'.
'Returns a random string of length n.
'Setup sudoers for a user'.
'Return True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'The main function. DCNL Args: DCNL args (str): The args to the
'Formats the variable according to the arg, a string formatting specifier.
'Get test file name.'.
'Returns the average weight for a path.'.
'Choose which entry_points should be passed to xmodules.
'Decode a thumbnail from Base64.'.
'Run the main event loop.'.
'Instrument a process_incr task to increase the number of bytes processed.
'Gets a quote from a nick, with a limit of 10'.
'Return the given value without resolving the deferred.'.
'Test Config for GLContext'.
'Get reverse primers from mapping fp'.
'Translate a list of language names to their language codes'.
'<text> -- pastes <text> into <text>.'.
'Creates a RRX string with the specified mode and an optional ACL bit DCNL
'When a migration is complete, create the groups.'.
'Return the hash value of the file.'.
'Add a role to Keystone service (keystone role-create) DCNL CLI Example
'Return True if the given object is a writable file-like object.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/numba/numba/issues/46
'Find and instantiate the tellcore platform.'.
'Post-process group event.'.
'Log and raise an error with a logical stack trace.'.
'Return a callable that can be used to guess the correct dialect.
'Removes a module'.
'Set some plugin options.'.
'Get loop layers from attribute dictionary.'.
'Fill the sample data with sample data.'.
'Get the local attribute name from a value string.'.
'Convert image to mob format.'.
'TableType should have init and ref from multidim ndarray'.
'Initialize the linter.'.
'This function takes a path to a.sqlite file, and returns a list of unicode
'Modify an existing profile.
'Returns the currently logged-in user or None if there is no user.'.
'Backups the app directory and its contents.
'Add skipped test result to self.skipped.'.
'A with-context for a ``Subsystem`` type.
'Lock the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generates the java coverage flag'.
'Return the value for a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Delete an image property.'.
'Deletes a logger. DCNL Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Remove ANSI color codes from text.
'shapelist(a) -> tuple DCNL shapelist(tuple((len(a
'Checks for the existence of a public key on a given host.
'Create/update data directory.
'Enable screensaver on the device.
'Checks the status of the device.
'Bootstrap a bot. DCNL Args: DCNL bot_class: The bot class to
'Call GCE \'start\' on the instance.
'Task to migrate message to new queues.'.
'Return the plugin object'.
'Main loop'.
'Test using "pip download --implementation" to download a.whl archive DCNL
'Get the maximum distance from a path to an infinite line.'.
'colordiff(a, b, color=None) -> tuple DCNL Colored diff
'get the location of the icon for the object.'.
'Show an error message'.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Load columns from ORM'.
'Display a binary IP address DCNL >>> binipdisplay(u\'123\') DC
'Grab the job lock and call RunOnce if acquired.
'ret the top ids from a list of segmented topics'.
'Merges new_items into base_items.
'Convert a list of RGB values to HSV.
'Initialize the test suite.'.
'Test Config formatter'.
'list_path_traversal(path) -> list DCNL Split a path into
'Temperature a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get flavor by flavor id or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Converts an Ansible object to a JSON string.
'Test installing from a broken wheel.'.
'Add a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the CPU times as a dict DCNL :param per_cpu: If set to
'Return details about all (or just one) Elasticache cache clusters.
'Test file encodings'.
'Checks that the configuration is valid.
'Get and display a sample of resources'.
'Handles the change password request.'.
'Validates that the methods of ``plugin_klass`` are present.
'Set the current value of the container.
'Generate a certificate request DCNL :param key_str: The private key for the certificate
'Return the OS ID for the current process.
'Extract all primary datasets from a given deployment.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Returns a Python object from the JSON response.'.
'Set the state of a package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run functions with the given names on the given object.
'Returns the unicode representation of the given text (if it is a string), DCNL otherwise
'Enable the translation files for all themes in the Django settings.
'Load JSON from file.
'Returns an optional value for a key in a dict, or None if the key is not
'Convert an action coordinate to an action coordinate.'.
'Run ifconfig tests'.
'Determine the disk bus for a disk device.
'Set up the traditional switches.'.
'Create a widget object if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Takes any object and returns a nicely formatted string.'.
'Tanh function. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Returns a string representation of a simple matrix.'.
'Replaces unnamed groups in the given pattern.
'Checks if a directory is a theme directory.
'Get helix path.'.
'Check if a module is loaded.'.
'A wrapper for ast.call that handles string arguments.'.
'Return True if the temp file exists, False otherwise.'.
'Gets a role from the Postgres server.
'Move file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of source file DC
'Returns the first element in `iterable` that `func` returns a DCNL result
'Converts a `version` object to a `Version` object that can DCNL be
'Like LocateFileName, but returns None if the user cancels.'.
'Execute a runner command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e.
'Yields all postfixes of a sequence. DCNL >>> postfixes("ABC"
'Get all profilers. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which profile
'Check if CUDA is available.
'Get a list of all available objects DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Maximum value over a specified period'.
'Generates a random array of given shape.'.
'Return a requests session'.
'Check if a user has access to this document DCNL :param doctype: DocType
'Return enabled/disabled quotas'.
'Return an instance of the appropriate Output class, given the standard DCNL standard output (stdout
'Creates a nameserver DCNL returns True if the nameserver was created successfully DCNL
'Returns an attribute of a given object, or skips the test.'.
'Return a sha1 hash of the given content.'.
'Read a file from the filesystem.'.
'Test reset in length'.
'Builds the argument spec for retrying requests.
'Returns the plurality of a list of objects.
'unary_expression : unary_expression MINUS constant_expression'.
'Saves a model to the database.
'Return a dict representation of the object'.
'Create network and intf options'.
'loglike multivariate normal DCNL assumes x is 1d, (nobs,
'Returns the k smallest elements in a sequence DCNL >>> topk(1, [seq,
'Creates a git repository and compare it with the latest version.'.
'Create a query from a query and set of filters and orders.
'Return info on all groups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks the major version of an API.
'Computes minimum of two arrays.'.
'Process the xml element by derivative.'.
'Parse an HTTP header into a (key, value) pair.'.
'Searches for an LXC bridge.'.
'Reraise an exception or raise a different type of exception.
'Stop watching a document in a tree and redirect to the edit document in DCNL tree view
'Return True if we\'re running under a virtualenv'.
'Trace the HTML parser.'.
'Test MeshData.'.
'If the given patterns_path is an absolute path, return the absolute path.
'Return the current inventory as a dict DCNL :param clean: If set to `True
'Compute bounding-box regression targets.'.
'Return a string version of `x` if `x` is a float, None otherwise
'Set a media\'s mux. DCNL.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``add {SON
'Given a list of parameter names and a dictionary of schemas, and a dictionary DCNL
'Create a `docker` client.
'Takes a set of candidates and assigns n to each element of the factors.
'Return True if profile image should be included in request'.
'Knowledge folder delete'.
'Decodes and verifies a cookie value.
'A demonstration of the recursive descent parser.'.
'Iterate over all tests in a test suite.
'Returns the protocol to use for requests.'.
'Deletes documents from the given index.
'Check for \'NO_LOG_AUDITATION\'. DCNL No audit
'Test with bad algo option'.
'Generate a file-based mtime map for all files in the path_map'.
'Return a list of skipped test modules and a list of test cases.'.
'Copy the stat information from src to dst.
'Create a config file with zone definitions.'.
'Renders the main page.'.
'Download the data from Yann\'s website, unless it\'s already here.'.
'Normalize the given URI.
'Returns a list of color names.'.
'Converts a string into lower case.
'Tests to ensure the chain constructor works as expected'.
'Persist a single configuration value DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Detect a probe and return its distro DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add a check to the module.'.
'Prints the source code of a callable or class.
'Returns a list of exploring links.'.
'Create a CredentialResolver DCNL :param session: DCNL :return:'.
'Returns the name of the user that owns the profile.'.
'Remove variants from an address'.
'Converts a language name (e.g.
'Fixes the count of incoming requests and outgoing requests by replacing DCNL incoming_request_
'Validate a file. DCNL :param file_: File to validate DCNL :param
'Test that HTML is rendered correctly'.
'Parse an RFC-2822 compliant internal date string.
'Gets the came_from header from the given WSGI environment.
'Remove senderkey from connections.'.
'Merges C3 sub-sequences.
'Converts an array to a 2D array.
'usage: lx export-urls [all|category]...'.
'Given a URL, remove the version from the URL.
'Send notification after purchase'.
'Verify that a given file exists and has the expected signature.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Context manager for temporarily setting the warnings state of warning_tests.
'Encode unicode_data for use as XML or HTML, with the given encoding.
'Return True if the string s is positive enough, false otherwise.'.
'Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
'Parse the repos.xml and return a list of options. DCNL :param module
'Check if we\'re running in a local environment.'.
'Get users. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which users to get
'Return a Linux-style release name'.
'Clean up an instance'.
'Flatten a nested dictionary DCNL Parameters DCNL d : dict DCNL root : str DC
'Returns a list of profile image URLs.'.
'Returns a new dictionary with the keys and values swapped.
'Match keys in a dictionary with a prefix and delims list.'.
'Get the proxy stream from the current request context.
'Fft out the chunks along the given axis.
'Return the content of a text file, section and parameter.
'Remove the named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given group_id_or_name is the effective group for this
'Return event data to Salt Cloud DCNL :param events: list of events to return DC
'Get server messages from app'.
'Takes a broadcastable tensor and transposes it in-place.
'Returns a key for accessing a permission config for a view class.'.
'Prompts the user for the admin cookie, and returns the pair.
'Parse machine string into (user, password, port, profile)'.
'Return an iterator over a numeric range.'.
'Get style value.'.
'command : LET expr EQUALS expr'.
'Get role information. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL CLI Example
'Record usage of a ratelimit for a given prefix and time slice.
'Moves the tables from one database to another.'.
'Raise TestFailed if a == b is false.'.
'Return version from lvm version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test cloning and appending raw data.'.
'Returns square-free part of a field in ``K[x]``.
'Return the package name for the latest release.
'Converts path to lowercase.
'Cancel a card hold.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Creates a lock if it doesn\'t exist.
'Expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'This is called when the script is run'.
'Test PackageFinder detects latest already satisfied PyPI links'.
'Set the host name.
'Get the daemons configuration file DCNL Returns: DCNL {\'daemons
'Computes the IQR for a sequence of numbers.
'Return True if the certificate was verified successfully.'.
'Get the i-th item from collection.
'Prepares an apt for running apt tests'.
'Converts a search torrent to JSON.
'Apply an interpolation to each element of the array a.
'Return True if a is sorted in ascending order by value'.
'Run a child process in a separate thread.'.
'Get validator by name.'.
'Helper function to get the credentials from libvirt'.
'Return the current VTK version.'.
'Converts to an integer and checks that the value is a positive integer.
'Setup the KNX tunnel component.'.
'Builds Reduction-B block of inputs.
'Gets the zone object for a given domain name.'.
'Takes a pep440 template and renders it. DCNL :param pieces
'Return a list of designs for a user.'.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Create the PostgreSQL database.
'Calculate the energy entropy of a stochastic frame.
'Process the xml element by manipulationFunction.'.
'Get the standby timeout of the given scheme DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove a file or directory.
'Validates that \'value\' is not blank.
'For functions that return c_void_p.'.
'Return merged seq and qual from read data'.
'Creates a client for working with cloud monitoring.'.
'Find a health check matching the wanted one.'.
'Generate test files.'.
'Marks a flow as stuck.
'Get the version data from the API.'.
'Returns a platform token for the current platform.
'Parse a repeat-format string into (repeat, format, option).'.
'Convenience function for returning a single content item by ID.'.
'Build a graph from a list of files.
'Connects to the Facebook account.
'Run cmd on node using x11 tunnel.'.
'Round a number up to a certain number of digits.
'Return True if the distribution is from an Ubuntu-based distribution.'.
'Returns the snippet for a unit\'s critical checks.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``playlistinfo
'Normalizes a column by subtracting the median of its columns and DCNL normalize the
'Installs requirements for an addon.'.
'Load an application from a file.
'Update the cloudpipe configuration.'.
'Returns a datetime object for the given components of a date, DCNL hour, minute,
'Return a list of tracks for an ID.'.
'Check IP whitelist / blacklist'.
'Return True if driver is compatible with host_agent_types.'.
'Test an ASCII-fancy string.'.
'Return the current cache object'.
'Return the path to solr-ctl, or None if solr is not installed.'.
'Re-execs the current python executable.
'Use oslo logger'.
'It should uninstall a package before upgrade'.
'Return True if name is a valid release name, False otherwise.'.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Returns a list of series matching the given normalized name.'.
'Find and save a stored session ticket.
'Test whether or not an expression is a square-free number.'.
'Build a CGI dictionary from a parsed URL.
'Generate the gallery reStructuredText for a directory'.
'Returns a list of backup files for a backup.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is negative in ``K[X]
'Return the leading monomial basis for a given graph.'.
'Clears the caches used by jinja2.
'A newline leaf'.
'Returns the image that should be displayed in the preview.
'Get the style dict for an element, given the attributes and the parent_style.'.
'Emits an event to the Tracker.
'Returns the installer for a given module.
'Get current location from __context__'.
'Return an image with a Gaussian blur.'.
'automodule(name) -> dict DCNL Imports a module and returns all classes and
'Formats a list of Person objects for use in bulk uploads'.
'Test the output of --format-priority flag in the list command'.
'Returns a list of (element_count, elem_count, actual_elem_count
'Use OpenSSL to load a certificate.
'Return a list of snapshots for all VMs on the specified domain.
'Get the names and default values of a function\'s arguments.
'Get all role names for a given user'.
'Call the module\'s setup method.
'Default implementation of MakeAndBoxOnProdResponse'.
'Element-wise square root. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor. DC
'Returns queryset of access attempts for given user.'.
'Given a show, a season and an episode, return the episode\'s absolute number.
'Return the SR reference for the ISO service.'.
'export languages as json'.
'Create or update node licenses.
'Account view'.
'Compute the polynomialder of ``p`` in ``K[X]``.
'If the image has an EXIF value, return a new image with that DCNL flip
'Cancel a primitive of degree ``n`` in ``b``.
'Swap system memory. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Check and update the ssl configuration if necessary'.
'Return the short name of a URI'.
'Runs a command on the remote device.
'Remove all UUIDs from the document.'.
'Validate the list of handlers.
'Try to find a kernel file in the given path.
'Return a socket object connected to the given port.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Create a file at the given path.
'Read dssp data from file. DCNL Parameters DCNL in_file : str DC
'Hang-F3 multiobjective function. DCNL :math:`\varphi
'Get the user secrets manager.
'Split a key/value string into (key, value).'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Ensure that a directory exists at the given path.
'Given a list of (byte, bytesize) tuples, return a list DCNL
'Translates a matrix by (x, y).'.
'Rename a key. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Rename a
'Start viewer on filename'.
'Suite for doctests.'.
'RGB to 256 color space'.
'Decodes an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Instrument a class as a declaration.'.
'Display the dialog.'.
'Return the disk size in bytes for a VM'.
'Main method for cleaning up OVS bridges.'.
'Uploads a report to the course summary report store.
'Check if a header byte is invalid.
'Evaluates an op with the given feed_dict.
'Returns the difference between two sympy functions'.
'Signal to promote the latest release to the latest version.'.
'Fixture providing a mock AIOHTTPClient.'.
'Create a Cloudpipe project.'.
'Create all folders inside the given path DCNL :param path: Path to create DCNL
'Return a storage conn object for the given storage account and storage key.
'View for the index page.'.
'Handles the last activity of a discussion by updating the DCNL last_activity date for
'Returns a layer object appropriate for the given path info.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``crossfade {
'Write a file. DCNL :param path: Path to the file DCNL :param
'Generate a random asset metadata.'.
'Runs binskim on the local machine.'.
'Return the number of followers of a user. DCNL :param id: the id or
'User view'.
'Populate collectors with collector objects from the given directory.'.
'Import and return a list of modules and submodules from `path`.'.
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Test either if an error is raised while wrong NN object'.
'Returns the auth modules'.
'Removes all elements from l that are not equal to item.'.
'Return True if the namespace is visible in this context.'.
'Get the heightgrid that has been raised.'.
'Divide two linear operators.
'Render a list of files in a directory browser'.
'Set the user\'s preferred time zone.
'Return a `BugReport` object for the current app or the current app.
'Jump to the previous window'.
'Evaluates the exponentiation of a monomial.
'Returns the svn revision for the given path.
'Use pexpect to read the output of pexpect\'s ls command.'.
'Returns a function that will be called to track events for a particular task.
'Wrapper around Django\'s ``reverse`` that adds ``request`` to the
'Create a filesystem. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Return a list of all mock games in the given path.'.
'Given a list of domain names, return a list of valid domain names.'.
'Verifies that all indices in an array are unique.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table. DCNL :param instance_uuid: the
'Check for common service clients.
'Return an absolute path from a path relative to the application directory.
'Returns a JSON list of auto-complete objects.
'Check if in-complete vs. complete'.
'Find the filesystem and driver for this VM'.
'Encode a list of images for the model.'.
'Concatenate url and arguments'.
'Returns the login status for the given token.
'Assign a random topic category.'.
'Install the latest version of Resolv.'.
'Write a fake RingData object to disk.
'Papachan'.
'>>> test_rz() DCNL 1'.
'init_fflayer(options, params, prefix=\'ff\', ortho=True
'Generate the project list for the given path.'.
'Returns the tagname of an element'.
'Create a filter for a task.'.
'Create an action object'.
'Returns the index of the first occurrence of b in a.'.
'Parse a signed request and verify it has the expected signature DCNL :param signed_request
'Merge two mappings into one.
'Runs func on obj and stores the result in results.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Return an iterator over the edges in ``G``.
'Check that the image is not too large to store.
'Patches an exploration with an updated search document.
'Move back to the previous line or the previous line.'.
'Returns a list of matching locations'.
'Get icosahedral triangles from grade.'.
'Create log locator with numticks, numdecs, base and subs, and
'Break a simple sub. DCNL.
'Return the base64-encoded version of a hash.
'Worker thread for receiving buffers.
'Return the tokens that have not been stopped.'.
'Rpcs resource factory method'.
'Returns a set of words for the given page.'.
'Check if a document has a permission for the given document type DCNL :param doc:
'Extend a query with a list of two-tuples.
'Corrupts a given number of bytes.
'Wrapper around os.path.smart_str.
'Return a new NetParameter with only the specified number of categories'.
'Returns a list of paths from a tree widget items.
'Helper function to summarize a string. DCNL :param st: The string to summarize DC
'Find a migration repository.'.
'Test that display.Video can be embedded in html'.
'Saves the current process to disk.'.
'Create a rounded rectangle.'.
'Extract lock hold from `line` DCNL :param full: DCNL :param pattern
'Rebuild the central directory of a zipfile if it has the same signature as the DC
'Update an image\'s properties.'.
'Get the field info for a model.
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'Return a dict of field overrides for the given CCX.
'Verify the checksum in buffer.'.
'Returns a discrete sequence of length n.
'Returns a firewall rule for SMTP connections.
'Return a human-readable string representation of the given time.
'pointer : TIMES constant_expression'.
'If \'skip_requirements_regex\' is \'true\', skip requirements matching
'Return a new model wrapper for the given model wrapper.
'Returns a unique id for a user.
'Show details about a keypair.'.
'Modify tags on a node.
'Only load if ldap is installed'.
'Create a node. DCNL :param args: Node configuration. DCNL :type args
'Sphinx extension for Sphinx docs.'.
'Show information about a robot.'.
'Goals: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Convert a ``MultiDict`` into a ``dict``.
'Binds `role` to the context of the graph `account_id`.
'Minimization of a NCG function with respect to a trusted region.'.
'Return the Oracle Requirement.'.
'Get a set of client ids to test.'.
'Get item at index or return default.'.
'Permute a list. DCNL >>> permute([1, 2, 3], [3,
'Test that float32 shared objects can be instantiated'.
'Loads a CVM model, either for classification or training. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Get the clipped loop path.'.
'Kill any running process that is old enough.'.
'Left norm of a tensor.
'A Unicode-safe URLencoder.'.
'Write an external book to XML.'.
'Get the quotient of two numbers.'.
'Mask events according to mask parameter.
'nands() DCNL Example: DCNL >>> nands() DCNL n
'Only load this module if the mysql libraries exist'.
'Writes the given data to the given filename.
'Show the spam stats page.'.
'Add collar and shaft.'.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DCNL underscore
'Update the plan and execute the instructions.
'Create a node'.
'Returns a list of strings or a comma-separated list'.
'Returns the URL for a resource in the XBlock\'s local cache.
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Converts a list of int64 feature values into a feature list.
'A null error tracker that doesn\'t catch any exception.'.
'Get a URL for a new Client Log.'.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Returns a list of the human-readable labels for the given synsets.
'Split a Suds expression into two independent expressions.'.
'Finds the highest occurence of a directory in a list of directories.
'Computes the rosen Hessian of a symmetric matrix.
'Removes all tags from a string.'.
'Checks if a device is a valid partition.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of source file
'Makes a start and end row key for a scan.'.
'Get instance tags by instance uuid.'.
'Get the backend configuration.'.
'Find a notifier by name. DCNL :param obj: The object DCNL :param
'Get the snippets for a function/function.'.
'create a new course in the course store'.
'Lift a LiftedLoop object into a LiftedLoop object.'.
'Get the version of a file.'.
'Calculate a hash using OpenSubtitles\' algorithm.
'Perform a CNAME record lookup. DCNL.
'Setup the MyUSPS sensor.'.
'Main entry point for salt-spm'.
'Return the street address of the given organisation'.
'Check if exclusive options are not empty.
'Add a node to the cluster DCNL node DCNL Node to add DCNL extra_
'Return information about a certificate DCNL name DCNL The name of the certificate DCNL CLI
'Create a keyset with the signing key and the HMAC SHA1.
'Only load the module if apache is installed'.
'record the result of an exchange'.
'Test the mean absolute error function'.
'Return a bridge to read lines from stdin.'.
'Adds any validation errors to the given serializer.
'Builds the initiator_target_map for a connector. DCNL :param connector:
'Change the name of the command table.'.
'Imports the finder class corresponding to `import_path`.
'Aux function.'.
'Downloads the content from the given URL to the destination.'.
'Adds a user to the group.'.
'Create a list of slices.
'Removes the given prefix from the given string, if it exists.'.
'Create a named temporary file.
'Load a gb file into a multi BioSeq database.
'Returns up to `limit` most recent PEPS.'.
'Returns a list of lists of all possible combinations of sequences.'.
'Unpack `source` according to RFC 2965.'.
'Spawn a process in a detached process.
'Symmetrize a symmetric decorrelation. DCNL Parameters DCNL w :
'Detach block storage device'.
'Read the HC data.'.
'Generate a random secret'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Creates a character buffer from a string or unicode object.
'Check that the data is of the correct shape.
'Module Home Page'.
'Return a formatted warning message for the given exception.'.
'Build match conditions for a doctype.
'Returns a tuple of (units, units_name, spheroid) for the given
'Sanitizes a redirection URL.
'Compute windows for sampling.'.
'average precision'.
'Clears all caches. DCNL :returns: None'.
'Create a new group type.
'Return the linear roots of ``f``.
'Returns a diff between object_a and object_b.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Helper function to set date attributes from a string.
'Return True if *obj* can be hashed.
'Get list of file extensions to sort by'.
'Show all options'.
'Convert a JSON variable to the native object.
'Parse remainder string.'.
'Build a Wedge text source from polar coordinates.'.
'Parse a trust root path into a policy object.'.
'Prints help information.'.
'Creates a package and returns a File object.'.
'RESTful handler for a job run'.
'Returns the style attribute as a dictionary.'.
'Returns a query for all relations related to the given thing_id and name.
'Returns the class alias for a given class.
'Computes the squared difference between elements of `x1` and `x2`.'
'Parse the SQLite table schema.'.
'Represent an ACL in a string.'.
'Return a list of popular urls'.
'Commits a transaction.'.
'Enumerate all Windows services.'.
'Return ``True`` if you\'re following the given dataset, ``False``
'Return the status for a given vm_state and task_state.
'Delete a project (keystone project-delete) DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the path to the GALAXY_TEST_TEMP_DIR environment variable.
'Return a list of all disabled packages'.
'Test Django render injection of popups.'.
'Set the gid for this process.'.
'Destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns the current API version.
'Return a list of path names supported by this scheme.'.
'Return the path of the Makefile.'.
'Create a technical server error response.
'Return a generator that iterates over a sequence of numbers.
'Collapse a SOAP envelope into a single message.'.
'Remove test databases.'.
'Flatten a nested dictionary DCNL :param d: DCNL :type d: dict DC
'Converts a sequence of bytes into a sequence of unicode strings.
'Return package_data as a dict with keys \'package_id\' and \'
'wig_library target.'.
'Convert a string to a dictionary with keys \'width\', \'height\' and
'Get the loops in order of area based on compareAreaFunction.'.
'Unescape the doctest text if it contains one.'.
'Return HTML for public email.'.
'Generate a UUID from the MD5 hash of a namespace UUID and a name.'.
'Change the current block request.
'Replace key-value pairs in docstring with values from dict `opts`.'.
'Default Tax Handler'.
'Given a list of tables and a settings object, return (pad_sep, index,
'Read the contents of a git HEAD, if it is a file, return the path
'Converts a stts tag to a penntreebank tag.'.
'Removes `remove` leading spaces from `text`.'.
'Update parent\'s status'.
'Group tokens into groups of tokens of the given class.
'Get the minimum of the two complexes.'.
'massage_metakeys(dct, prfx) -> dict DCNL Return a
'Returns a random 2D or 3D function sampled over the specified DCNL arguments.
'Move b to a position in song list.'.
'Stop a service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Validates that the update is valid.
'Copy or rename a transcript from one course to another.'.
'Raises an exception if the provided name contains invalid characters.
'set_http_wrapper(library, features=[],...)'.
'Return data to a specified jid'.
'Check if the arguments are valid.'.
'Extract translations from Transifex'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return the version tag'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Ensure that the named cluster is present.
'Signals nginx to start, restart, or stop.
'Remove the first n characters of a string.'.
'Get a client and session key for a spacewalk server.
'Returns the manager class for a given Django engine.'.
'Show the details from the provider concerning an instance'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys \'date_time\', the value being DCNL randomly
'A context manager that enables profiling and disables profiling.'.
'Create a temporary file.
'Check if all identities have been synced DCNL :param kwargs: DCNL :return
'Return a set of all gens that contain symbol.
'Return the host for the given host_ref.'.
'Compare a list of optimizers with the bench optimizers.'.
'Service all rx messages'.
'Returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs"
'Unpacks a single CLI parameter from a command line argument.
'split digest auth data into values'.
'Horizontal Sobel on a vertical edge should be zero.'.
'Update an instance in the database'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Returns whether the requesting_user can access the self blocks.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no errors'.
'SaleOrders assigned page'.
'Compile a Python source file.
'Takes a multiline string and splits it on the given separator DCNL :
'Validate that the skipna is an ndarray.'.
'Convert a namespace string. DCNL.
'Test that the length of the bootstrap output is equal to the length of the DCNL output
'Update the Glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value DCNL
'List mounted filesystems DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get BTRFS filesystem information.
'Test that base order wins over dependents'.
'Return this platform\'s string for platform-specific distributions DCNL XXX Currently this is
'Process the xml element.'.
'Return a new dict with fields changed or not.'.
'Raise condaioio.CondaIOError if the file is too small to
'Get command line options based on options.etag.
'Creates a signing keyset.
'Get the closest remaining rounding loop.'.
'A simple shortcut for columnproperty that returns a boolean indicating whether DCNL certain columns should be
'Write a single unpaired read.'.
'Generate the table of contents for a soup'.
'Try to open a db file and see if it can be opened'.
'Compile a regular expression pattern, returning a pattern object.'.
'Get the version of a BCrypt encoded address.
'Convert a dictionary into a dictionary of tuplized values DCNL :param data_dict
'Creates a user and adds it to the network'.
'Use the os.setmode and os.setmode methods to change a file\'s
'Return the first configured instance.'.
'Get all ancestor entities of the given entity DCNL.
'Test that cookies.CookieJar can be used.'.
'Decrypt data with the given key.'.
'Load the results directory from a gz file if it is present.
'Returns the outgoing URL to redirect to.'.
'Return a list of all comments'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from l.'.
'Move the entry to the unblocked state.'.
'Process a bitmap file.'.
'Demangle a file name into a pair (name, bup_chunked)
'CONSUME CONTROL Section 9.1.18'.
'Return the interface name for a given host.'.
'Calculates the GC content of a sequence.
'Create a rule from the values dictionary.'.
'Perform URI rewrites on a list of providers.
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Get the Q-value for a given codon_lst and codon_table.'
'Find the best match for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of media_
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Adds two dictionaries by their keys'.
'Checks for subdomains in the request.
'Checks if the tenant search option is all_tenants.
'>>> decrementany([1, 2, 3]) DCNL [1, 2, 3], [
'Use a behave context with a given mode.
'3d scatter plot'.
'Test with non 2dim input'.
'Return a matplotlib patch for the given position and hatch.'.
'Send message asynchronously.'.
'Send an alarm message to the job\'s context.'.
'Check that the test functions work'.
'Get a photometer by name.'.
'Associate fixed ip to instance or a network.
'Add a help menu.'.
'Check if the LRC checksum is correct. DCNL.
'Create a paginated API response.
'Setup the coordinator driver.'.
'Use pcictl to get GPU information from NetBSD'.
'Turn off PCap selecting.'.
'Test _import() raises an exception'.
'Return the path of the data directory for a given component.'.
'Disassociates a list of stagekeys from an API key DCNL CLI Example:
'Transform an ExpLike Decomposition into an ExpLike Decomposition.'.
'Open a local file or URL and return a file-like object.
'Returns ``True`` if the version is equal to ``version`` or ``False
'Return True if the current thread is interactive.'.
'Attach a json issue custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Gets the script name from the WSGI environment.
'sprot_search_de(text, swissprot=1, trembl
'Create a new site in the database'.
'Escape text for use as a maximal percent markr.'.
'Return a list of recommendations for a user.'.
'When a user\'s primary key is changed, store the list of DCNL changed fields
'Given a play and a dict of data, return an ordered dict of players'.
'Get client options.'.
'Get the overhang span.'.
'Get the x-axis label.'.
'Run the HTTP server.'.
'Returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance.'.
'Return a relative URI from ``base`` to ``to``.
'Removes a string element from a dict, and replaces it with a string.'.
'Log a meeting link.'.
'Get reference to the VM with the name specified.'.
'Load the gradient boosting model.'.
'Sends a confirmation email to the user DCNL :param email: The email to send
'Performs a Wikipedia search for `query`.
'Returns a list of registered Rackspace handlers.'.
'Takes tune2fs_dict and mkfs_option and updates mkfs_
'Raises ValidationError if the value of `field_data` does not match the
'expandvars(p) -> string DCNL Expands a symbolic expression into a symbolic one
'Ensures that the named attribute exists in the given context.
'pre_prediction(stream, predictor, columns, colors, bits) -> (integer
'Return the first line of a module\'s documentation, or None if it\'s expired
'Determine whether a short number is a possible number in a given region.
'Disable the excepthook in sys.excepthook.'.
'Detect operating system'.
'Compute the average brightness difference between two images.
'Redirects n times.'.
'Build a branch from a list of Result'.
'Determine the device type from the model.
'Get the arguments of a function.'.
'Test operator export'.
'Returns True if ``f`` contains a `Softmax` node.'.
'Update viewer.'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Attempts to convert a string size to a number of bytes'.
'Determine if a module shall be skipped.
'Sends an email to a list of recipients.
'This test will not fix anything'.
'Left and right of audio clip.
'Configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop.'.
'Make sure text is bytes'.
'Creates a metablock from the given text.
'slice2(obj, a, b) -> obj DCNL Slices obj by a
'source_tmux_files(pl, args, [tmux_version]) DC
'Create an artifact for an entity with the provided endpoint index.
'Authenticates the user and stores the result in `context`.'.
'Ensure a user is absent DCNL.
'Delete a scan DCNL :param scan_id: The scan id DCNL Return A
'Get transferred rounds from inside loops.'.
'Fetches the inventory for a given uri.
'Return the most popular groups.'.
'Return network interface stats DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert something into a utf-8 string.'.
'Make sure path is unicode on Python 2 and not unicode on Python 3.
'Get the version from /etc/versions'.
'Return the version of cgi'.
'Create a subprocess object and return it.
'Loads a certificate and key from the given path.
'Return True if the two files are out of date.
'Return a list of all users in a MySQL server using the output DCNL from the ``
'Evaluate a symbolic expression in a given ``space`` DCNL Parameters DCNL space :
'Show the details of an existing snapshot.
'Displays whether \'restart\' is on or off if supported DCNL by the
'Generates a symmetric polynomial of degree `n` in `gens`.'.
'Create a ctypes array of the given shape and data type.
'Convert a float to the nearest multiple of twips.'.
'Make a list of tags in proper format. DCNL :param tags: a list of
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Get epochs.'.
'Get the base64 encoded HTML5 ZIP from the URL.'.
'Get the element at the given rank.
'Extract the SNMP message from a list of SNMP messages.
'Validates that \'value\' is a string.'.
'Read GPI file and return generator.'.
'Generate go source for protos.'.
'Verifies that the command output of `context.command_output` contains the DCNL
'Update a group type.
'Helper function to create or get an Elastic IP address'.
'If the line contains a quote, return the word and the rest of the line.
'Determine the keyword arguments to pass to list.'.
'Returns a list of (language,aka) pairs for the movie\'s AKAs
'This function is called when the script is run.'.
'running "harvest" with --apps=argvs=argvs
'Check if URL has explicit scheme'.
'When a step definition calls another (behave-as) step definition with behave_as
'Setup logging.'.
'Quote a URL. DCNL >>> urlquote(\'//a/b/c\'
'A default redirect function for s3.'.
'Return the path to a.mavproxy file.
'Given a volume id, return the EC2 volume id.
'XOR two bytearrays.'.
'Try to find a file based on the path and env'.
'Return a list of commands to run'.
'Compares the media types of ``actual`` and ``expected``.'.
'Returns a pretty-printed version of a sentence'.
'List the runners on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Disassociate profile from instance role.
'-- Returns current litecoin value'.
'Return a list of profile names in a given directory'.
'Delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Add application with attached volume'.
'Only load if spacewalk is installed'.
'Return True if the agent is a messy U.S.
'Expand shell variables in the path.
'Recreate instances in a Managed Instance Group.
'Returns a list of names of all bears on the minion.'.
'Return the length of a base64 encoded string.
'Encode a value in Base X encoded format.
'Log and delete video instance on error.'.
'Validates a password against all configured validators.
'Success in JUnit XML test case'.
'Creates a persistent dictionary from the given arguments.
'Return an identity object.'.
'Is user allowed to edit article?'.
'Cache the call signatures for the given bracket leaf.'.
'List tables in a dataset.'.
'Show the key'.
'Setup the SimpliSafeAlarm platform.'.
'Return the pathname of a module in the mod.pkg directory.
'Checks if the line is too long.
'Fetch a URL and return its content'.
'Replaces `m` with `var` and `default`.
'make sure we get the right collections when no stdlib is specified'.
'Compute the kurtosis of an array.'.
'Get a course by id.
'Display the command line options and start the ioloop.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Initialize the master working set.
'Inject a network file into a filesystem.
'Copy local config file to the config_path'.
'Create two instances of temporal poolers (TP10X2 and TP102).
'Test service_schema validation.'.
'running "harvest" with --features=inner_directory'.
'Converts a hyperbolic function to a meijer g function.'.
'Determine if a path is entirely inside another loop.'.
'Check estimator\'s method.'.
'Create some random bytes and write them to stdout.
'Query the database and return a list of dictionaries.'.
'Make sure that nodejs is installed from the source.
'Returns the fractional part of a number.'.
'Get the size of a stream by url.'.
'Populate a LibvirtConfigGuestInterface instance DCNL with host backend details for a HP I
'Clone a repository. DCNL :param parent: The parent directory to clone. DCNL
'Checks for a redundant virtual expression.
'Run test suite'.
'Explore an account'.
'Returns a process pool object'.
'Return a dict containing information about the specified incrontab for the specified user.
'initializer_list : initializer'.
'Loads an example module.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a xquartz image.'.
'Convert a list-like object to a timedelta64 value.
'Converts a boolean array to a binary array.
'Returns a short summary of an Alignment object as a string'.
'Pad the middle dimension of a 3D tensor to a 3D tensor.
'Negate a polynomial in ``K[x]``.
'Parses a path expression. DCNL :param path: The path to parse DCNL
'callback for port-range'.
'Return an SSL adapter class by name.
'Event handler for when a new mapper is instantiated on the first DCNL iteration of the
'Adds the arg to the value.'.
'Expand the reader macro for the given character.
'Assert that two strings are equal.
'Returns the city code of the current request if it is a valid city code.'.
'Use ciscoconfparse to find crypto maps.'.
'URL to ID'.
'Return the CCX for the coach if it exists, None otherwise.'.
'Return a sort key for the given sq_operator.'.
'Updates package database'.
'Ensure we\'re connected to the host we\'re running on.'.
'Similar to smart_bytes, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Unset user role.
'Return a `404 Not Found` error if a page is missing.'.
'Build an image using matplotlib.'.
'Check for \'assert()\'. DCNL cinder HACKING guide recommends
'Click a user on the login page, then wait for the client to be visible.'.
'split title into title and year'.
'Hyperbolic sine of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the sinh
'See :meth:`I18n.format_number`.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'Subtract polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Build an HTML page from the given classified text.'.
'Fixes the connectivity for a set of samples.
'Profile function for bc01.'.
'Return the html of a CSS selector.'.
'Register a user. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :return:'.
'Primitive polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Return the default collection creation options.'.
'Start the web server for this project.'.
'Takes a request body and returns a bytestring version of it.
'expression : NAME'.
'Generates a deterministic key for the given table name and max value.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``command_list
'Get and return all IAM role details, starting at the optional path.
'Return preferred encoding. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Set up the JSON output handler to be called after the request has DCNL been executed.
'Return data for all modules that match the given criteria DCNL :param opts: DCNL
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid get'.
'Returns the output of the data structure (dict) DCNL Parameters DCNL data : ndarray
'Ensure that the named bridge is deleted.
'Test that \'en\' and \'mkt_locale\' are not in Django
'Parses a usage-specific section from a usage-specific section.
'Return the list of all sharing strategies.'.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Execute a shell command and return stdout.'.
'Save the current state of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Unpack zip `filename` to `extract_dir`.'.
'Run func on objects in parallel, printing output to stderr.'.
'Stop the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a PostgreSQL user.
'Normalizes a formset\'s forms by traversing its forms into dicts
'Returns a human-readable string for a timedelta object'.
'Returns the username of the currently logged in user as a string.'.
'Compute the signature for the given message.
'Return file information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resizes the given bitmap to the target height.
'Returns all Python code in paths'.
'Return a conn object for the passed VM data'.
'Create an instance of the GAX Logging API.
'Attach a json task statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'Returns a list of (x, y) coordinates where x is the distance from the har
'Decrypt using AES ECB mode.'.
'Test initdb.'.
'Update billing account type and expiration date to valide days.'.
'get the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h)'.
'Set the given properties on an member and update it.
'Remove zone slave from master device.'.
'init_declarator_list : init_declarator'.
'Test dict to idict conversion'.
'Enables monitoring of the given virtual machine.
'Run a command in the given directory DCNL :param cmd: The command to run DC
'Iterate over all platform files in directory `dst`'.
'Returns a tree constructed from clustering the given matrix.
'Make a base directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Returns a local random number generator.'.
'Pick channels inverse operator.'.
'Group delete'.
'Takes a reference type string (e.g.
'Returns a string with random colored characters.'.
'Convert a code object to a file.
'Returns True if the number is not a nationalized number but can be DCNL dialled
'Computes polynomial LCM over a ring in `K[x]`.
'Delete a namespace cascade into the database'.
'Returns True if the horse is on, False otherwise.'.
'Start the specified service on the rest_sample DCNL.
'Get the points from the path.'.
'Ensure that an \'not found\' error is logged.'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abcdef\''.
'Choose an NCC value based on number of channels.'.
'Reads the contents of a file.
'Demonstrates use of the EmailMigration class.'.
'Get the Dropbox folder location'.
'Ensure default task loading works'.
'Convert a value to a `Template` object.
'Computes the Chebyshev distance.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled. DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Convert a POSIX format specifier to a LDML format specifier.
'Regression test for https://github.com/Opcodes/Opcodes/issues/46
'Select a node from a list of nodes.
'Returns the locale-specific datetime format string for the given format, DCNL or None if
'Extract valid arguments from a function and return as a dict.'.
'Renders the contents of a cached result if available.
'Returns an event dict that identifies the event.
'Stores templates and contexts that are rendered.'.
'Create a new test builder with the same arguments as `app` and the same DCNL
'hexbin(infilename, outfilename) - Decode binhexed file'.
'Inverts polynomials in ``K[X]`` basis.'.
'Test the variance function'.
'Plus Directional Movement Index'.
'Get all Python source files.'.
'Parse a response for an asynchronous operation.
'Wrap a socket in an SSL context, only if it is not already a DCNL SSL
'Handler for qute:help.'.
'Returns list of all roles'.
'Get the contrast indices.'.
'Returns platform information as a dictionary.'.
'Return a list of paths for a resource.
'Yield (filename, filename) for each example file in the given example directory.'.
'Flatten a nested list.
'Returns the total number of cells in the admin form'.
'Get the name of the parent theme\'s file, if it exists.'.
'Validates the status of an image and raises an exception if it is not DCNL valid
'Return a subprocess runner.'.
'Find the dumb path for the given channel allele.'.
'Use stats.normaltest to perform the normal test along the given axis.
'Returns True if the terminal supports color, False otherwise.'.
'Setup the System Monitor sensor.'.
'Get repository metadata from the database via id and changeset_revision.
'Create a new thread and set it as daemon'.
'Parse a string and return an Expat node.
'Return a test suite.'.
'Log request headers'.
'Compute the L21 norm of an array.
'Install a python implementation.
'Move a file or a directory.'.
'Run the pa11ycrawler test suite.'.
'Create a pool. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param pool_
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abcdef\''.
'Prints usage and exits with an error code.'.
'Subroutine to create a labeled form entry.
'Coerce \'string\' to unicode, if not already Unicode.'.
'Manages all imported files in a given path.'.
'Apply functions that are callable in the given locals and DCNL global dictionary.
'Creates a digraph for the given action context.'.
'given a course id and thread id, stop following this thread DCNL ajax only'.
'Returns the number multiplied by two.'.
'Recursively copy the contours of the component and all of its children.'.
'Given a list of security group names, return the SecurityGroupId'.
'Return a list of all configuration options.
'Return the truncated Tetrahedron graph.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Count the number of times v occurs in x.'.
'Link to a Bokeh Github issue.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Unmount a filesystem. DCNL :param unmount_target: The filesystem to unmount
'Return a rejection line.
'Test that the masking model works as expected'.
'Convert the xml element to a list.'.
'Publishes an exploration to the datastore.'.
'Setup the FireTV platform.'.
'Get the current email date'.
'Takes a password or a string and converts it into metadata'.
'Set the console mode for the current thread.
'Compute the HMAC for a poisoning report.'.
'Detects whether a string is likely to contain newlines.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions that
'test_find_module() returns None'.
'Decorator to close all connections after fn execution.'.
'Prompts the user for input, returning the input.'.
'Returns a random integer number between start and stop.
'Convert a cell reference in a xlsx file to a tuple of integers.
'Strip handshake from capfile'.
'Returns a status dict for the given engine.
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``rm {
'Create the test index if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Seed non-shared migrates using libvirt'.
'Parses an expression into an Expression object.
'Like timesince, but returns a string measuring the time until DCNL the given time.'
'Return a SQLAlchemy sessionmaker for the given engine.'.
'Determine if the directory is in the exclude list.
'Get the list of public certificates.
'Download a corpus from the local filesystem.
'Return the media path for a plugin file.'.
'Converts an XML record to a dictionary. DCNL :param exml: XML record
'Add namespace to request object'.
'Build the snap name for a volume.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type cmd: list[str] DCNL :
'Restore PyOpenSSL-backed SSL-support support from urllib3.'.
'Set obey_over18 flag'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'nvlist2(thelist, names=None) -> iterable DCNL Return an
'Like mkdir -p, but does nothing if the path already exists.'.
'Given a valid config, update the acl for a bucket.
'Converts an integer from little-endian to heart-endian and vice-vers
'Return the number of microseconds footprint of a given object.'.
'Sends a message on a topic and wait for a response.'.
'Replaces the arg in the list with the list of tvars'.
'Trigger a build for a project.
'Generate a nonce key based on server_url, timestamp and salt.'.
'Build the arguments to pass to install.'.
'Checks whether user can access given project.'.
'Get the base timestamp from the frequency group.'.
'Returns a colour with a small amount of randomness.'.
'Test earlyInit with a None stderr object.'.
'Returns a dict of top rated exploration summary domain objects.'.
'Connect to a remote socket, and return the socket object.
'Return logger instance.'.
'Get the host for a replication group.
'Apply a decorator to a function.
'Build a server URL from the same path as get_server_url() DCNL except
'Rastrigin\' scaling function. DCNL :math:`\mathbf{\
'Generates a stable URL for the given argument.'.
'Convert frequency string to code.
'Search for images or videos.'.
'Return a SQL-compatible representation of `obj`.'.
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Return an unpickleable version of exc.
'Skip the test if selection is not supported.'.
'Returns the dot product of two vectors.
'Check localization for localization errors.'.
'Get the poster for a video.
'get_twill_glocals() -> (global_dict, _local_
'Test that URIs are the same.
'Check if the package is installed with an extra requirements version.
'Return the backend for the given file.
'Convert a unicode string to unicode.'.
'List all sources bound to a zone DCNL.
'Compare two revisions.'.
'Disjoint triangle of ``m`` and ``n``.
'Create and return a `Generate` of the given `kind` and `offset`.'
'Wrapper for :py:meth:`boto.emr.EmrConnection.list
'Add or remove certificate exception'.
'Setup the Transmission switch.'.
'Initialize the socket module.'.
'Convert index->index->index->index->index->index-
'Get resource limits. DCNL :param logging_context: The logging context. DCNL
'Parse a sound file and return a tuple (rate, table).
'Convert a condition argument to an array'.
'Setup the Wink sensor platform.'.
'Standard Moving Average'.
'expr : LPAREN expr RPAREN'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Get current auto login status DC
'Monkeypatch tarfile.copyfileobj.'.
'Test HTML generation.'.
'This fixes a bug in https://bugs.python.org/issue4068'
'Adds a product to a store.
'Check Mayavi version.'.
'Get remote urls for each app'.
'Display the main projections lines and circles.'.
'Returns the default timezone.'.
'Convert a time since epoch to a string.'.
'Adds a comparison to the result of calling do_ifequal().'.
'Get the non intersecting grid point line.'.
'Set a system_info entry in the database.
'Find a FK(s) for a field in a table'.
'Return a suitable stream handler.'.
'Returns all the SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Load a caffe sprite image DCNL Parameters DCNL img_path : str DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Determine the padding type for a given kernel params and output shape.
'Return the list of configuration directories on the system.
'get_init() should return None'.
'Return the complement of *s*.'.
'Convert expiration time to seconds.'.
'Ensure AWS environment variables are set.'.
'Disconnects Facebook account.'.
'Trigger event on scheduler'.
'Unpack a directory. DCNL :param filename: Filename to unpack DCNL :
'Generate a verification key.
'Set the operating system name in HashDB'.
'Determine if the given message should be kept.
'Returns the largest of a list of numbers'.
'Converts an object `x` to a string.
'Initialize the metric'.
'Returns the rotation in degrees.
'Wait until the datastore/pubsub/bigtable is ready to open.
'This function samples a 2D function from a 2D distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL f
'Compare brackets.'.
'Run widget test'.
'Revoke admin privileges on a user.
'Returns a certificate request object for the given CSR.
'Add a prefix to each line of a multi-line string.'.
'Create network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Un-expo adds `expo` to `fraction` and `intpart
'Return package version as listed in `__version__` in `__init__.py
'eval_cond(cond) -> cond DCNL Evaluate a condition and return the result.
'Returns ``True`` if readline is available, ``False`` otherwise.
'Return the root of the mock HDFS root directory.'.
'dayofweek == 0 means Sunday, whichweek 5 means last instance'.
'Resolve the version to a real version string'.
'Opens a log file.
'Return the date of the current month, as a UNIX timestamp.'.
'Register a new hook handler.
'Test screen size detection.'.
'Writes the output table as an html file'.
'Find the maximum number of daily commits based on the contributions calendar. DCNL :param
'Resolve a function name in the following format: DCNL "foo.bar.bar"
'Test labeller function'.
'Set the virt path for the VM.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Fetch data from a remote location
'Uses twitter to get a twitter access token from the creds file.
'Get the current Babel locale.
'Extract marker parameter from request\'s dictionary.
'Convert a shape to a geometry using the given projection.
'Return time of current timer.'.
'Return the log of the mean of an array.
'Set the LE script version'.
'Finds the minimum distance from a coordinate to a surface.
'Returns a colorized string of all the penalties applied.'.
'IncSubtensor(x, y, elemwise=True) -> x, y
'Builds the operations to create an analytics object for each AdGroup.
'Return True if the user wants to receive their own updates.
'Initialize viewer. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset : Dataset DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset :
'Sign a sample using binscope.'.
'Run ninja_ide'.
'Returns the field with the specified ID.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.date.
'Parse a list of plays from a JSON response.'.
'List policies for the given role.
'Sends an inventory to the client in JSON.
'Run a test and return its result.
'Convert a title to a URL.
'Process an email. DCNL :param message: The email message to send DCNL :
'Makes a floppy script with a kickstart script and a preseed.'.
'Resolve a shell-escaped path.
'Gets the documentation for a given document.'.
'Joins a channel. DCNL :param phenny: The `Popen` connection
'Builds motion parameters comp_norm and outlier vectors DCNL motion_params: a
'Returns True if the verbosity of the item at index is greater than or equal to DCNL
'Count the words in the input documents using MapReduce'.
'Renders the feincms breadcrumbs for a given page.'.
'Return the user ID of this process'.
'Return packages that have been affected.'.
'Check the strength of the password against the user\'s input.'.
'Run the network and write the output to the writer.'.
'Create a list of serializers for the given transport.
'Returns a client authenticated with the provided credentials.'.
'Get the translation directory for a given language.
'writes line to fasta file DCNL demultiplexed_seqs_f
'Randomly choose ``size`` elements of ``a`` with ``p``
'long_join(count, digits_ptr=\'\', join_type=\'
'Mean squared loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : tf.Tensor DCNL
'Returns a `httpresponseRedirect` object for `to`.'.
'Context manager for mocking filetype notification.'.
'Prints a result to stdout.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Get the SR reference from the VBD reference.'.
'Encode a block for use in a CrawlResponse.
'Return a list of file extensions extensions that are synonyms for DCNL a given file
'LWTA filter matrix. DCNL.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'
'Returns whether the system has isoinfo installed.'.
'Load the user config file and return it as a dict.'.
'Return a predicate indicating whether *value* is equal to zero.'.
'Return the platform dependent data directory.
'Only load this module if python-etcd is installed'.
'abort() should raise an exception when exiting the program'.
'Given a string, return a string that can be used as a filename DCNL protect against
'Make a directory if it doesn\'t exist already'.
'Echo all methods and methods of a class.'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy connection.'.
'fast_exponentiation(a, p, n) -> int DCNL Return the
'Writes text to the stdout'.
'Return the current configured zonecode DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fetches information of a certain network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Wrap SQL clauses inside curly braces'.
'Test converting from sky coordinates to pixel coordinates.'.
'Validate a MAC address.
'A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.'.
'Converts UUIDs to IDs.
'Return True if the command is a command in PATH, false otherwise.'.
'Given a function name describe its properties.
'Try to parse the code into a tree, and wrap it in a WrapMarker.'.
'Return a relative version of `filename`.
'Calculate the sum of values in a list of numbers.
'List the members of a logical block DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a description of the table in the current database.
'Create a `Sort` from a list of sort criteria.
'Exports the given request string as HTML.
'Removes a file. Returns True if successful. DCNL :param path: Path to
'Add threading arguments to an ArgumentParser instance'.
'Check if a node exists.'.
'Return a list of solvers that are installed on this system'.
'Provide data for the admin section'.
'Downscale images by k.
'Handle CTRL+C.'.
'Helper to determine the correct object for a resource.'.
'Return the sys.path directories as a list of absolute paths.'.
'Given an exception, return the original exception.
'Returns the version of init_file DCNL If init_file is a Python source file
'Get the number of bezier points.'.
'Test no data for a chart with no values'.
'Return the URL for a local port.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with all fields'.
'Render the rheader tabs'.
'Ping external URLs when an entry is saved.'.
'Register a hook when a package is imported.'.
'Returns the pillar modules'.
'Return a remapped version of a device.
'Add bootstrap class to a form field'.
'Return the given text with placeholders replaced.'.
'Function for deleting Cloud Load Balancers'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy database.'.
'Check for \'NOT(\'.
'Helper method to add an addon author to a copy.'.
'Print an exception message.'.
'Update counter by name.
'Make a call that returns multiple times.'.
'Start the Tomcat service.'.
'Instantiate an errback if an error is raised during the shoot DCNL execution.'.
'Assigns the crowd distance to each individual and assigns the crowd distance DCNL to each
'Returns a string representation of an instance using the ordered dictionary.'.
'Returns True if the given URL is coming from the given spider.'.
'Separates out the first keyword argument from the rest of the block.
'Returns a new curry that wraps the given function.'.
'Set the current environment namespace.
'Create a slice object from a slice string.'.
'Helper function to run a proxy command'.
'Recursively merge obj_b into obj_a.
'Get the navigation line.'.
'Get the word for the given form.'.
'Returns a list of details about the MIA ID in the message.
'Iterate over all style files in the given directory.'.
'Create an ARP for an IP address.
'check to make sure add_positions works properly'.
'Return payload with keys that are not present in DCNL `api_model`.'.
'Validates locale and raises Http404 if invalid.'.
'Polynomial pseudo-division in ``K[x]``.
'Internal function to remove a directory tree'.
'Return the given string with shell-escaped characters removed.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Return True if the title contains a feature. DCNL Arguments: DCNL title (str
'Tracks the memory usage of the given metric for the given course.
'Load a certificate request from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type (one
'Show the details from the specified instance.
'Extract information from the IdentityResponse packet.'.
'Test with non-sumable values'.
'Print a summary of how many tests were executed and how many failures.
'Given a tuple of scheme, netloc, path, and fragment, construct and return the
'Check the authentication for SAB DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the number of non-printable characters in the given string.'.
'Execute command in a subshell, raise error if it fails'.
'Simple websocket handler'.
'Create a new context and add it to the stack.
'Get the values of a cluster recursively.'.
'Build the postprocessors for Markdown.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Returns odds of a given number. DCNL :param p: The number of odds to
'Send delete named query.'.
'Takes a POST request and converts it into a PUT request with the given verb.'
'Dispatches the request to the appropriate handler based on the HTTP verb.'.
'Get the branch option'.
'Colorize text. DCNL Parameters DCNL text : str DCNL text to be color
'Get shortcut by name'.
'Takes a template and params and converts it to the script prefix'.
'This method converts the POST request to a specified verb, removing the DCNL _read_
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sign data with a digest DCNL :param pkey: Pkey to sign with DC
'Parse a string of the form \'key=value\', key2=value2
'Create a REQUEST packet for a single operation.
'Two-scale plot. DCNL Parameters DCNL ax1 : Axes DCNL time
'Make sure AST can compile valid cut'.
'Get the size of a mask DCNL Args: DCNL mask (str): The mask
'tests that we find numbers with exponents'.
'List all the datacenters for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Walk the hierarchy of a class, recursively.'.
'Reset the video mode (nogamma=False) DCNL Set the video mode to auto
'yaml: file DCNL A file parameter.
'Returns the tab length for a given word.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions that
'Get screen size (in bytes) for windows/linux/win32'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Disable the site service.'.
'Decorator to mark a function or method as unsafe.
'Prints out the current debugging information for the current line.
'Setup the platform.'.
'Remove keys that start with \'\' from the dictionary'.
'A pre_init_hook_for_submodules hook for use by submodules'
'Returns True if input_string is a float, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a URL corresponding to the given URL.
'Returns the postgres password for the given username DCNL :param password: The password to
'Pads a list to a maximum length n.
'Estimate the fraction of samples that are likely to reject.
'Given a workflow\'s deployment directory and a path to a workflow, return the workflow DC
'Return a list of attributes for a list of containers.'.
'Fixes the OSMESA_GL_LIB environment variable by replacing DCNL osmes
'Main entry-point for the script.'.
'Checks if the dependencies of a model are already met.'.
'Checks that the given value is a valid email address and if it is, a list
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Parse a union page. DCNL :param page: The page to parse DCNL Return
'Create a new paste.
'Start the console'.
'Returns a list of all cohorts for the given course.
'Returns the connection details for the configured proxy'.
'Context manager that acquires a lock on a file.
'elementwise_sub_zeros(Elementwise) -> zeros'.
'Calculate the bootstrap distribution for a given parameter value.'.
'Remove file from system'.
'Builds and returns the current date.
'Tests that the service provider manager gets a reference to the language'.
'Returns the package database modules'.
'Encodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed).
'Assert that the serialization of a Commit object works as expected'.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Returns True if the given object is an ``adatetime`` with any attribute DCNL
'Helper function to format block device mappings.'.
'Run all of the monkey patching functions in this module.'.
'Enable a VPN.
'Don\'t use \'indent\' on methods and methods.'.
'Returns True if the user is allowed to perform the given action DCNL :param conditions:
'Search disks by lun id.'.
'Extract the preferred IP address from the ipv4 grain'.
'mean longitude of perigee'.
'Resizes a logical volume.
'Returns the name of the link, if it exists, None otherwise.'.
'Returns the result of multiplication a and b.'.
'A view that returns a null JavaScript catalog.'.
'Check the response and set CKAN headers after the request'.
'Makes directory if it doesn\'t exist and returns its path'.
'A config fixture that renders a config template.'.
'Checks if user\'s password is not empty.
'Check if the key repository can be used.
'Download a file from a URL to a named file.
'Count the number of supplied tokens.'.
'Solve a triangular constraint.'.
'Make sure locale html works with xss'.
'Get server interfaces.'.
'This view generates a zipped version of the log.'.
'Returns the email address for a given GitHub access token'.
'Enables testing for update tests.'.
'Return True if the given service is available.'.
'Check to see if the RVM is present'.
'Split ``f`` and ``po(x)`` into ``p(x
'Untag a repository. DCNL :param vs: a list of tags to un
'Formats a number as a human-readable string'.
'Return a copy of the current configuration as a dictionary.'.
'Permutes an array by a given permutation.
'A column that is nameless should not raise an exception.'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'Draw a rectangle around the bounding DCNL box containing the artist\'s bounding box.
'Multiply a gcode linear move text.'.
'Reset the module cache'.
'Check whether a file is newer than another.'.
'Check if the current user is the root user.
'Remove a host from the known hosts file.
'Returns True if given string is an IPv4 address'.
'Return the name of a column.
'Checks the validity of a header value.
'About page. DCNL Templates: ``about.html`` DCNL Templates
'Converts `color` into `(255,255,255,255)` format
'Given a node and a dictionary of file values, yield (key, value, node_
'Return a list of payloads that can be run on shell_obj'.
'Return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit.'.
'Fake is_smpl.'.
'Encode the given bytes as a line-feed encoded byte string.
'Return the VM RRD XML as a string.'.
'Upload files to remote servers.'.
'Returns True if the point is before the other point.'.
'Create a skeinfile for a gcode file given text.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions that
'Add the build directory to sys.path'.
'Get all SM volumes.'.
'Build a ServiceManager'.
'Send a quit command to the sopel server.'.
'Get pack from db by ref'.
'Returns a list of files matching a regular expression.
'Remove HTML entities and tabs from a string.
'Return network IO counters as a dict'.
'Returns True if the current request has a site theme, False otherwise.'.
'Check that one or more packages in `deps_name` are installed.
'Paginate a list of objects based on the GET parameters.'.
'Start a process on the device and wait for it to finish.'.
'Convert a result from API to Country, Region and City.
'Sends an email to a user about a password reset.'.
'Complete a filename. DCNL :param text: The text to complete DCNL Return a
'Validate a font family string.
'<string> -- Gets a random choice from <string>.'.
'Set the module to be used as a persistent identifier in the configuration DCNL file.
'Return a list of all the files that are available on this system.'.
'Validates an email address. DCNL :param str email: The email address to validate
'Return True if all the checks in the given path exist'.
'Return data to a pycassa table'.
'Returns True if list of ints is list of ints'.
'Check if two records are the same. DCNL :param record1: DCNL :
'Given a check name and a path to a check, load the check source and return the
'Get a class by alias, or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return True if request is interactive'.
'Teardown the test databases.
'getTerminalSize() DCNL - get width and height of console DCNL - works on
'Return a SignatureScheme object, initialized with the given RSA key.
'Generates a Generalized variable-length integer.'.
'Send an email informing the user that a document has been completed.
'Print the output of the expression to the pager.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Get the current crop geometry. DCNL.
'Looks to see if fmdump is present on the system'.
'Return the proto for this provider'.
'Return a tile key string.'.
'uniform logarithm of a uniform distribution'.
'Reads the secrets from the specified file.
'Creates a FeedbackMessage from a FeedbackMessageModel.'.
'Returns the value corresponding to alumination change label int.
'The pprint for the super type.'.
'Builds a query to retrieve all privileges list for a given user. DCNL :
'Rename a file or directory DCNL :param source: File or directory to rename DCNL
'Return logger for given name.'.
'Disconnect all receivers of a signal from all registered receivers of a signal.
'convert s to float or raise'.
'Get search parameters.'.
'Save an image to disk DCNL :param img: The image to save DCNL :
'Start the scheduler'.
'Returns a list of (app_name, message) pairs from the given file'.
'Return True if header exists in list of headers'.
'Clean up the conversation between a template and a resource.
'Get all attachments belonging to a project.'.
'Convert a row and column cell reference to a cell cell reference string.
'Loads data from a fixture file.
'Attempt to parse the encoding of a Python source file from magic comment.
'Adds the given level and the name to this logger.'.
'Returns a list of paths from list_modifications trailer1.
'Decode the given path to unicode using the HDFS encoding.
'Attach a private projects counter to each object of the queryset.
'Display a list of links to all files of a given result type.'.
'Prepares the source for use as a realm pattern.'.
'Test uploading promo image.'.
'A quadratic tween function.
'Add elements in a numpy array at a specified index.
'Check if all the files in paths exist and return a list of errors'.
'Checks if a name is a legal base name for a resource.
'Task add'.
'Given two blocks from matsFrom and matsTo, return a pair of DCNL
'Produces SAX representation of an element tree.
'Finds a machine by name on the virtualbox hypervisor DCNL CLI Example:
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can operate on DC
'Returns a list of driver names.'.
'G: a directed graph, where each node has the largest number of saturation DCNL nodes
'This is a no-op.
'Create a filter from a list or basic service endpoint.
'test function'.
'InfluxDB main function'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.RatingProperty``.'.
'Finalize a process, calling proc.wait().'.
'Converts an integer to a hex string'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Print the state of a DAG run.'.
'Return the hardware address in network format DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Execute pshell and return the output as a python object'.
'Called after building a static file.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the lock is held or not.'.
'Loads a Django template and renders it with the MAko_CONTEXT.
'Unlock a file'.
'Returns a list of contact types for the user.
'Removes all data from disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'restart httpd'.
'Return a ZooKeeper transaction object for the given ips.'.
'Replaces the location\'s revision with the published version.
'Register a lopt specialization. DCNL Arguments: DCNL lopt (LOpt
'If url is external, prepends request.url_root to the url.'.
'Test raw brainvision data for global units.'.
'Test reading and writing of morphing maps.'.
'Read double.'.
'Raise an exception if the user\'s home directory does not exist.'.
'Delete an image attachment.'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'initialise module'.
'Test quadratic interpolation'.
'multiplies and reduces filters and returns result'.
'Fixture providing a single user.'.
'Element-wise linear unit function.
'Replaces ampersands with underscores.
'Plot a list of images together in a single plot.'.
'Generate a repo DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Reorder entries in chronological order.
'Find eggs in zip files.
'Test the fit sample routine with knn as input'.
'Create a shared variable holding a vector variable.
'Verify if OPT variable contains a value in make.conf DCNL Return True if value
'Print a list of entries.'.
'Return the list of comments for a file attachment.'.
'Implement a real sign.'.
'mathdefault(s) -> string DCNL Return a string suitable for use as a math
'Return a dict of cluster depths, keyed by cluster id.'.
'Create a new ``PyramidApplication``.
'Crypt data using a key.'.
'Guess the correct LLS class for a given payload'.
'Start all the processors for the given user.
'Registers a new verb.
'Suspend the system to disk.
'Load credentials from `~/.plotly/.credentials` file.
'Convert an IP address from text representation into text representation'.
'Deploy the application to the jboss instance DCNL jboss_config DCNL Configuration dictionary with properties
'Test global configuration'.
'Converts to hex string'.
'Load css templates.'.
'Return the set of fields that the requester can initialize when a comment DCNL is initial
'Migrate resource table. DCNL :param conn: db connection DCNL :param table:
'Returns the current revision number or None if no revision was specified.'.
'Return a list of all directories on the master'.
'Forces autoflushing of logs.'.
'Returns the deployment_id of the current instance.
'Tests that last_sync_revision is set to the current last_sync_revision and
'Splits an array into multiple sub arrays evenly.
'Returns the given unicode string with reversed lex 128 characters.'.
'Delete a file if it exists.
'Returns the html content at the given path.'.
'Load the exog data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Returns the user\'s home directory.'.
'Runs a WSGI application in a bare environment.'.
'Executes the display action for the given parser and token.
'Generates a generator for iterating over each group significance row.
'Runs the backup filters.'.
'Capitalize a string, replacing underscores with underscores.
'Use git to fetch changes since a given timestamp.'.
'Parse a struct from a string.
'ItemField add'.
'Get the matrix Tetragrid from the xmlElement.'.
'Patches decorators for all functions and classes in flags.monkey_patch_modules
'Setup the oslo_messaging module.'.
'Run a check DCNL :param name: Name of the check to run DCNL :
'Clears all installed samples for a shop.'.
'Check for a raise comma in Python 3000, and raise a DCNL exception if
'Multiply a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get the vmodl type by name'.
'Check if a lock exists DCNL :param name: The name of the lock DCNL
'Returns data retrieved from a URL. DCNL.
'A simple error page.'.
'Returns a list of accessible discussion xblocks for the given course.
'Run a single test.
'Compute OBL(C) sequence of order vector `c` in `M`-
'Creates an OptionGroup object from the specified group dict.
'Checks if the current user has permissions for the given page.'.
'Return the minimum checksum for the tarball in the cachedir DCNL cachedir DCNL
'expand_dims(x, axis) -> array DCNL Return a copy of the array
'Deletes a calendar in the database'.
'Returns product price and in-stock status for the given product'.
'Return a formatted warning message.'.
'Context manager that acquires a lock on a path.
'Determine which pickle module to use.
'Return a Doc object for the given arguments.
'Creates a snippet with the given type and number.'.
'Solves a tridiagonal system of equations d, e and b.
'Get a list of serial ports on this platform.'.
'Called after building the site.
'Return a new socket or pipe client.'.
'Destroy the reservation or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Insert user-stylesheet into the page'.
'Read the reject parameters from a.exe file.
'unquote(s) -> chr(unquote(s)) DCNL Unquotes
'match(s, n) -> (pattern, n, matches)'.
'Return the last modification time of a file, reported by os.stat().
'Read `size` bytes from the given file-like object.
'numlist : numlist COMMA num'.
'Returns the gradient of ``f`` with respect to ``v``.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Upload package to pypi'.
'Default error handler for server errors.
'Return True if the named service is enabled, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Read a string from the file-like object.'.
'Remove one or more volumes.
'Validate a value against the opf.json schema.'.
'>> require <what> DCNL Ensure that <what> is loaded.
'Adds a task to the task queue.
'Load a certificate trust root from a directory path.'.
'Get a layer by name'.
'\'a3i3i3\',3,3 --> 6,None'
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Determine the device class to use'.
'Return a Theano function that can be used as an input to the computation.
'Run behave test.'.
'Context manager to temporarily patch search_fields on a model.
'Simplify the tree of a parser_return.tree.
'Load a config file and return it as a dict.'.
'Validate the configuration and return a NetGear scanner.'.
'Create a file if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the configuration as a dictionary.'.
'Output protein glyphs for a given font.'.
'Write admin file to disk'.
'Format the final exception line.'.
'Initialize the file-based firewall.
'Stochastic modelanal DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL stoch
'Return the value of the named attribute in the lsb release file DCNL CLI Example
'Return a list of recently published explorations.
'Get new repository.'.
'Creates an Index from a search_service_pb.IndexMetadata.'.
'Get a list of time slots for a given period with a given amount of time DCNL
'Load a model with the given name.
'Check to see if the environment variable is set for a user'.
'Play. DCNL.
'Set the version in the template.'.
'Return True if the specified service is not available.'.
'Get tricomplex matrix by transformWords.'.
'Return the column width of a unicode string.'.
'Check if a file looks like it might be a tool xml file'.
'Import neutron modules recursively.'.
'Test timeline rendering'.
'Checks for extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL 1.
'Deletes the given cache item.
'Delete all pages in a pdfdoc file, but not the specified pages.'.
'Resizes the image to the maxwidth.'.
'Get the path from the hatch patterns.'.
'Returns the users blocked by the given user.
'Update live symlinks in the certs list.'.
'Test for contains.'.
'Return a list of all available oficial plugins.'.
'Return the next URL to follow.'.
'Return the blob metadata for the blob_key.
'Give a list of page where the user can change advanced settings.
'Check if minion is not installed DCNL Returns: DCNL boolean'.
'Split a flag string into a list.
'Votes by a user. DCNL Syntax:: DCNL {% vote_by_
'Convert a DNS rdata type to text.
'test_get_xdg_dir_1, test_get_xdg
'Computes the log of the difference between two arrays of numbers.
'Raises exception.Forbidden if the context is not an admin.'.
'Test that gi2 repository can be imported.'.
'Creates a new REST API.
'Removes the current session and backend from the request.'.
'Underline all the text in the given regions.'.
'Takes an input string and converts it to lowercase.
'Recursively copy all files from source to dest.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Report a spammer'.
'Test cloning from BZAAR.'.
'Delete a single manifestation.
'Walk a scope tree in JS order.
'Parse a string into a dictionary.'.
'Adds some useful headers to the given HttpResponse object: DCNL ETag, Last-
'Sets neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists.'.
'Computes the LCM between a and b.'.
'If values is a scalar, convert it to a dtype if necessary.
'Determine if the point in the loop is in the table.'.
'Return the correct pillar driver based on the type of the opts'.
'RESTful CRUD API'.
'Set the version database to be used for storing versions.'.
'Add a server to Netmiko with the given properties DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Escape a string for inclusion in a URL.'.
'Lock a document. DCNL :param doc_id: Document ID DCNL :param
'Sends a POST request to the specified database.
'running "harvest" with --apps_but_lettuce_avoid
'Convert images to a SequenceExample proto.'.
'>>> test_try_except_regression(True) DCNL 1
'Restrict the forward through the stc boundary.'.
'A view that takes a filename case-insensitive upload as query parameter'.
'Returns the vertex normals of ``v``.'.
'Returns the nth gauss line at x.'.
'Generates triples from a csr_matrix A.
'Find skips in the given start directory.
'Return True if the node is decorated with a property decorator.'.
'Return rows of a 2d array where each row contains None'.
'Yield egg-info-like distributions for a given URL.'.
'Create a voucher object'.
'Returns the cluster for the specified datacenter.
'Find a guest by name or path.
'Sets the location option.'.
'Retrieves all instances of a specific type that match the criteria DCNL :param context:
'Clears all sessions older than max_date.
'Moves a file from one path to another.
'Get complex rotation matrix from transform words.'.
'Convert text into an opcode. DCNL.
'Disconnect all the signals on Entry model.'.
'Wait for all spot request fulfillment.
'Return the hash of a file, using gitfs'.
'Prints the usage.'.
'Downloads an emoji from the internet'.
'Validate the configuration and return a NMAP scanner.'.
'>> showforms DCNL Show all forms in the current browser.'.
'Usage: DCNL locattr(attrname) DCNL locattr(attrname,
'Saves the given attachment to the private storage and returns the new filepath.'.
'Mark a value as unsafe.
'Checks whether user can download changes from given project.'.
'Indent text with pprint.format and return the result.'.
'Get PyQt formatted objects and add them to a list.'.
'Extract the text capabilities from a text string.
'Return True if host with given alias exists, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if the given IP is a public IP.
'Reads a binary plist from the given path or file. DCNL :param path
'Log a page hit to the access log.'.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Find and return Vera covers.'.
'Given a document locale and slug, and a fallback document reason.
'Test exiting with an unsuccessful output.'.
'Uninstall a module. DCNL.
'Return the bidirectional shortest path from source to target.
'Add project count to volume_type_projects table.'.
'Evaluates the exponential distribution of values.
'Lists all topics starting at topic_start.
'Given a string name_space and a string import_str, return the DCNL object
'Fixes the sys.path to include some extra paths.
'Adds new_flags to the set of flags.
'Create a node DCNL :param args: The arguments passed to the node DCNL :
'Create a cache security group.
'Split a path into its component name, and return the result as a tuple DCNL (
'Returns the full URL for the current request.
'Plot the boot traces.'.
'Return the current time since Windows first started.'.
'Sends a POST request.
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in square order.
'Joins the queue until all tasks finish and then waits for them to finish.
'Return a (hash, length) pair using the given hashlib algorithm.
'Test show verbose with classifiers'.
'Formats a list of extras as a list of string reprs, DCNL and a
'Release media player reference. DCNL.
'Take a list of details and combine them into a single dict.'.
'Convert a SQLAlchemy `Column` object to a SQLAlchemy `Column
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Flush the entire database completely.
'Get the terminal size in bytes.
'Extract the epoch time offset from a Win32 filetime.
'Renders a datetime in a given format'.
'DETACH ACCEPT Section 9.4.12'.
'Creates an image instance from a QImage object.
'Split a string using shell syntax.
'Return a list of all non system-specific scripts.
'Return True if the given name is visible in this context.'.
'Return document listing for a topic.'.
'Get proxy information from the environment variables.
'Set the modification time of a file.
'Look for xtool in PATH'.
'Check for an existing dataset.
'Execute a testdoc command.'.
'Python2 string escape'.
'Check a single condition against an object.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Post-order the nodes of a tree in post-order'.
'Set password for a user.
'Generates signature for Odnoklassniki OAuth signing.'.
'Return pre-computed data.'.
'Ensure that strings are tokenized correctly.'.
'Convert the tools argument into a list of Tool Objects.
'Return a record for ``host``.
'Calls the Weather API and returns a dictionary containing the result.
'Extract metadata from a filename using regex.
'Discretize model by integrating model over the range [x_range, y
'Parses flags.'.
'Get the artist with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with an \
'Check to see if the host is responding.
'Get the link line.'.
'Subtract ``c*x**i`` from ``f`` in ``K[
'Continuously consume messages from a topic.
'BernoulliVector.sample_from_conditional works when sample_from_
'Context manager for temporary logging pending warnings.'.
'This function is called before any HTTP request is made.
'keyword_args_newslot and other properties'.
'Get tuples of column names (as strings).'.
'Wait until the build has been completed.
'Return a string representation of an IP address.'.
'Returns True if x can be hashed, False otherwise.'.
'Parse a Sudoku assignment grid.
'Validates source files for OSX.
'Wait for a certain amount of network address to be available for the specified DCNL machine.
'Create a new identity.
'Refine the transpose of an expression.
'Given a profile name and a role name, associate the given profile to that role.
'Return a boto connection to ec2.
'Process the else statement.'.
'Return only words that are insignificant to the first tag in the chunk.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the given service account file.'.
'Get the VMDK size and properties from the image metadata.'.
'Given a model, and a field name, return the model and the path to the field
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Converts an integer into a variable length integer.
'Register an e-mail hook.
'Ensure that set_source_model sets the source model.'.
'Load credentials from a file or directory.'.
'Add given tenant to the volume type access list.'.
'Compute IDD columns of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Computes the Eigen-Schmidt-2 norm of a.
'Install the Xonsh import hook into the sys.meta_path.'.
'Multiply ``f`` by ``c`` in ``K[x]``.
'Copy the file \'src\' to \'dst\'; both must be filename
'Perspective edit'.
'Return a copy of the string s with the substitution applied in DCNL ``context``
'Tests the results of pypi_xml_transformation.'.
'Daemonize the current process.'.
'Helper function to format the stdout from the firewall command DCNL and return it as a dict
'Return the cumulant from the factorials in momt.'.
'Determine the size and indices of a three-way split. DCNL Args: DC
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'Computes the division of a and b of monomials.
'Returns a zip archive of the selected submissions.'.
'Destroy the image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Extract the images into a uint8 image mask.
'>>> x = test_swap_assignment() DCNL >>> test_swap_
'Run `pip install` and update requirements if necessary.'.
'Return the next argument in the list, starting with 1.'.
'Parse options and call compare_dicts.'.
'Delete a sink. DCNL :param sink_name: Name of the sink to delete
'Return (parent_name, label) tuple from name.
'Return a file record for the given file name.'.
'Verify that the given candidate is a valid method or method on the interface.
'Return version from lvm version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the shadow user by name.'.
'Log compute error.'.
'Get a policy. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL CLI Example
'Return true if the string ends in a newline.'.
'Construct author2doc mapping from corpus and doc2author mapping. DCNL :param corpus
'Return the viewing matrix for a given set of viewing parameters.
'Read in the data from the end of a 64-bit archive.
'Nudge the dataset x and y so that the points in X and Y correspond to DC
'Generate a polygon representing an arc.
'Call unrar with params.
'Do basic auth'.
'Convert skiprows argument to a slice or integer.'.
'Returns True if all the number groups in the candidate group are present in DCNL the formatted
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Return a list of regions sorted by ID and name.'.
'Returns a subset of the super_set from the bitstring.'.
'Parse a query string into a sequence of 2 Python objects.
'Create a new SA record for the given resource type.
'Validates maxStaleness. DCNL Validates max_staleness is an integer
'Execute command and return status output.'.
'Creates the string table.'.
'Import data from a file into a zone DCNL zone : string DCNL name of zone
'Make sure that model\'s tag works as expected'.
'Return a list of the keys in this pillar data structure DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Generate a fontconfig pattern from a dictionary.'.
'Return a list of all functional areas.'.
'Add hits to the qresult if not already present in the qresult.
'Custom Formstyle for Filters'.
'Return a set of line numbers in the source that are multi-line strings.
'Calculate the q-stat and chi2 for a given statistic'.
'Test histogram normalization.'.
'Convert a keyword argument to a dictionary.'.
'Adds the id and fields to document.
'Replaces \'-\' and \'-\' characters with \'-\' characters
'Convert a scipy.data.series.Series to a scipy.sparse Series.'.
'Return the contents of the logs buffer.'.
'Render a single inline. DCNL :param inline: The inline to render DCNL Return
'Read in the cinder configuration from the opts file.'.
'Iterates the elements of a getter function and calls the action function for each DCNL element
'Test platform_schema validation.'.
'The plugin that runs the foldbrackets command.'.
'Ensure that the firewall is turned off.
'Parse command-line arguments and return (url, filename, batch_size, kind).
'Converts a string to camel-case.
'Call a function and return its result.'.
'Validate polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'bitswap(s) -> string DCNL Reverses the bits of a string s,
'This method is called by the manager when a SIGINT is received'.
'Return a list of relationships for a package. DCNL :param id: the id of
'Get a fixed ip by host or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Set up a logger that prints log messages with a stream handler.'.
'The backend for this entry.'.
'Converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone.
'Parses a pattern.'.
'Dispatches a hook to a list of callables.
'Takes an image and solarizes it to a specified threshold.
'Test len-index dipole dipoles.'.
'Convert an XML tree into a dict'.
'Return xl_range_formula for a sheet.
'Return an iterator over all imported tasks.'.
'Test IO with lout.'.
'Write out the theme xml.'.
'Set a key/value pair in config'.
'Change the uid for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace around an operator.
'Show the name details'.
'Enable a source. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns the arithmetic mean of the elements in the list, or None if the DCNL elements
'Update settings for qwebengine.'.
'Send email after purchase'.
'Dump an object to a JSON string.'.
'Decode the auth info from the request header, if it is present.
'Send email after import'.
'Set up the Yahoo Finance sensor.'.
'Return the Ansi color style.
'Convert a slice to a slice with the given dimension.'.
'Expands an IPv6 address into something more serializable.'.
'Returns a list of years (year) of stats for a given statistic'.
'Requires the current app to be installed.'.
'Callback for lexers that match a language match.
'Create a Thrftpy SSL context.'.
'Landing page.'.
'gettopdir(topfile, start=None) -> None DCNL Get the top
'Add the given CORS rules to the given bucket DCNL Returns {deleted: true}
'Returns the money in words for a number'.
'A task that raises a Celery runtime error.'.
'Updates frappe.local.response with translation data'.
'Given a rest api name and description, delete the REST API DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return the number of milliseconds since epoch (UTC).
'Generates a debug representation of an object.'.
'Get the contents of a URL as a string.'.
'Runs pylint on the given file.
'const_map_item : const_map_item COMMA const_map_item DC
'Lists the credential for a tenant'.
'Returns True if b1 is broadcastable in b2.
'Determine whether there is a pending reboot.'.
'Return the given text with ampersands, quotes and angle brackets unescaped.'
'Register a function to be called upon system termination DCNL :param func: DCNL Function
'Cast(Elementwise, o_type) -> x'.
'Return a securely generated random string'.
'yaml: fingerprint DCNL Execute a fingerprint request DCNL Requires the Jenkins :jenkins
'Sends a HEAD request for the given uri and returns the response.'.
'A version of os.walk that doesn\'t follow symlinks.'.
'Returns the default locale for the given object.'.
'Guard against change of quota size'.
'Unset quota on a glusterfs volume DCNL name DCNL Name of the gluster
'Get all repository dependencies for the given metadata.'.
'Safely get the request\'s host.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Get collection info by collection name.'.
'Converts a log file into a dict'.
'Determine if a file has a certain file type, without words.'.
'Evaluate an old-style assumption.
'Start a debugger and register it with the rpc handler.'.
'Finds the platform and atomic group associated with the given host.
'Returns the properties of a managed object.
'Send a search client request to the cluster and return an iterator of client objects.
'Display a gcode file for a gcode text.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return True if the given string contains a subsequence of the given key.
'Get historical information about codetbl'.
'Add a suffix to a name if it isn\'t already one.
'Handle the "where should I go next?" part of comment views.
'Take a list of strings or tuples and turn them into a tuple of DCNL
'Returns the triangles for the given creation sequence.'.
'Returns a nicely formatted error message.'.
'Escape commas, tabs, newlines and newlines in a string DC
'Check if the given filters are valid for the given model.
'Format a number of seconds as a human-readable string.'.
'Returns a list of all available datasources.
'Returns the fast version of a function.'.
'Optimize the angle to be between -1 and +1.'.
'Resource Header for Representations'.
'Helper function to generate a model dict'.
'Generate a new randomized API key.'.
'Sum of log-values. DCNL Parameters DCNL lx : array-like,
'Redirect to the file\'s URL when the file was uploaded at DCNL ``uploaded
'Create a random basic binary DBM pool.
'Return the function to use for embedding a set of shells.
'Return the position of the end of a substring between pos and s.'.
'Takes a comma-separated name-value string and returns a dictionary
'Unhandled application error handler'.
'Set the value of a config variable DCNL name DCNL The name of the configuration DC
'Test that `locate_app` works as expected'.
'Returns (codename, name) for all permissions in the given opts.'.
'Returns the origin'.
'Checks the length of the barcodes in mapping_data and returns a list of warnings
'Read values from the queue and rescale them if necessary.'.
'Set a key/value pair in etcd.
'Resets the builtins directory to the default directory.'.
'puts() should print a string with encoding None'.
'Wrap an info tuple into a tuple (traceback, traceback_id).
'Returns the checksum of the given value.'.
'Convert an object to a Python source code.
'Returns the course creator status for the specified user.
'Shows a list of the products that have been viewed.
'Print information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a folder with depth protection'.
'Encode a payload using LZ4.
'A wrapper around wx.getSimpleInput to allow for easy input DCNL handling.
'A demonstration showing how a dependency grammar is constructed.'.
'Delete the given extra specs item.'.
'Given a stream size, guess the number of available streams.
'Performs a GET operation on a Firebase resource.
'Deletes an instance from the search index.'.
'Get the width of the front over the loop lists and add the x intersection indexes.'.
'Decrypts URL-safe Base64 encoded ciphertext.
'Compute irreducibility of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[
'Copy a hard-linked directory from source to dest.
'Test multiplier drop epochs.'.
'Escapes a value for use in a URL.
'Ensure the named event source mapping is absent.
'Benchmark functions.'.
'Encode the fields for a multipart/form-data request.
'Returns True if the current user is an administrator, False otherwise.'.
'Show the details of an existing load-balancer.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'<text> -- Performs <text> spelling.'.
'Returns True if entrance exams are enabled, False otherwise.'.
'Validates a station name.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path.'.
'Decodes a base64-encoded string into a Python object.
'Run a file-like object through the `Publisher` library.
'proto_library_config.'.
'Return True if any services are running'.
'Install one or more pecl extensions.
'Test that "shell_env" maps \'foo\' to \'foo\''
'Get the xml element object.'.
'Renders the content types selection widget.
'Closes the connection to the database.
'Removes whitespace from the text of a statement.
'Retrieve information for a specific NVMML device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find git installation.'.
'Parse the symbol file.'.
'Calculate the expected value for a bar based on the asset_id and the date DC
'Create a MIME header from the decoded sequence.
'Returns a routing table for the given IP version.
'Add a new vhost DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a Refactorer object for the given list of fixers.
'Returns a list of all available format modules.
'Parse the output of solc.
'Return the path to the Python interpreter.'.
'Expect a given message to be received.'.
'Returns a list of all upstart service names.'.
'Get a list of github releases for a given project.
'Compute nt zeros of the Kelvin function ker(x).
'Runs the given list of upgrades.
'API: send a test PROW notification, return result'.
'Process trade events DCNL :param events: The events queue to process DCNL :param
'Returns True if the ABI wrapper needs to be installed.'.
'Substitute a (name, formatters) pair using the given callback.
'Return true if the item is a sequence.
'Places queens on board, given r, c, d and g.
'Cleans up watching of a connection.'.
'Get a list of all the local IPv6 addresses on the computer'.
'Return True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Return the absolute name of the module to be imported.'.
'Fixture to clear the cache.'.
'Return True if the link should be included.'.
'Destroy the database and release the local reference'.
'Asserts that the given exception is of the same class as the caller.'.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Returns the hypersearch winning model id for the given hypersearch job id.'.
'Helper function to set the default rule for a layer.'.
'Create a gcode path.'.
'Return the media URL for the given path.'.
'Kill the process tree with the given pid, with the given SIGKILL'.
'Registers a Mini notification.
'Returns all the subordinate groups for which user is a member of site.
'Parse a string of linters into a list of (name, linter) pairs
'Returns the bind address to bind to.
'Return the state and brightness of a brightness sensor'.
'Returns the cumulative sum of an array along given axis.
'Generate a random graph with the specified number of edges.
'Set the default app to use.
'Returns the first item in a sequence DCNL >>> first(\'abc\') DCNL
'Remove quotes from the end of the string.'.
'Determine the address type.
'Clean localizable strings from transifex.'.
'Replaces the globals for the given function with a new one.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Update the old mode when a course enrollment is saved.'.
'Return a filename-and-version pair.'.
'Get a list of functions, one for each name in the module.'.
'Compute polynomial derivative in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Test if a value is even.'.
'Convert an IRC color match to a color value.'.
'Render a template with the given context.
'Project time day'.
'Check if the IP address is in the subnet of the host.'.
'Cartesian product of two strings.
'Reindex the reviews.'.
'Get the XFS filesystem inventory.
'Lists all the entrance exam tasks.'.
'Mage HSV tuple to RGB'.
'>>> test_ccall_method(3) DCNL 3'.
'Determine the appropriate buildbot runner for a given directory.'.
'Kurtosis of a list of values.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Return a string representation of a bytestring.
'Return a list of range objects for the given header value.
'Return True if orig_prefixes is a subset of new_prefixes'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Test that higher order autoencoder can be instantiated'.
'Return a string representation of a position.'.
'Attempt to parse the message for an execute command.
'Reads images in a given folder, resizes images on the fly if size is not
'Register the driver.'.
'Get the ext_pillar data from the url'.
'Returns True if the given pattern matches the string, DCNL otherwise returns False.
'Returns the absolute URL of `url` relative to `environ`.'.
'Render a map as a WMC map.'.
'Returns a clustering object based on the given method.'.
'Create an empty file in the work directory.'.
'Return a matrix to the left of a square matrix.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return the selinux enforce setting
'Classify a model by model_data_path and image_paths.
'Move source account to organization'.
'for testing'.
'Add flash params to image header.'.
'Given a path to a resource, return the corresponding resource or None'.
'Converts code(file) to colorized stdout.
'Same as shutil.rename, but handling concurrent files'.
'Return True if the given header is a hop-by-hop header.
'This function takes the arguments dict returned by the DCNL ``openssl.openssl.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL ``template_response
'Import an image DCNL uuid : string DCNL uuid of image DCNL verbose : boolean
'SharedVariable Constructor for CudaNdarrayType.
'Test color desaturation.'.
'Returns a Session instance for the given reply channel.
'Instantiate a proxy tuple and store it in `bindings`.
'Build the sphinx docs for a given branch'.
'Returns a nonce for the given nonce string.'.
'Create a connected viewer.'.
'putaway the specified object DCNL :param object: The object to put away from the
'Remove a service. Confirmation on GET, action on POST. DCNL Templates:
'Creates an inventory object and returns it.
'Get all networks associated with a project.'.
'Convert a GoF variable to a sparse variable.
'Compute histogram statistics. DCNL Parameters DCNL episode_lengths: array of length of
'Return the center of the graph G.
'Convert string array to object array with given nan_rep and encoding.
'Returns true if the database trusts the given language.'.
'Return the common dtype for a list of columns.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Log request hooks to log file'.
'Sets the current translation object for the given language.
'View that handles a forgot password request.
'Returns the assignment type for the given user group.'.
'Entry point for the script.'.
'evaluates the CDF and scales the data.'.
'Test channels renaming.'.
'expand_args(args, flist) -> list DCNL Expand the command line arguments
'Get the overhang support angle.'.
'Check if the net address belongs to the prefix len mask, and if the DCNL address
'Get the git name.'.
'Converts a value to a JSON string.'.
'Tries to parse the ACL data into a dict.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "--"
'Get all available regions for the Amazon Elastic MapReduce service.
'Set default configuration options.'.
'Skip test if the absolute path contains a backslash.'.
'Drop a field from an expression.
'set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any. DCNL See
'return (unpickleStringI, (stringValue, end) )'.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Recursively fix all strings in dicts that are unicode'.
'gpu_from_host(gemv) -> gpu_gemv(gpu_
'Normalize server settings.
'Convert a list of revisions to a list of dicts'.
'Split the last node of a path into a single node.'.
'Index page'.
'Message view'.
'Searches the Elasticsearch index for a given search value.
'Returns a CamelCased JSON string.'.
'Helper for gitlab'.
'Return True if the given sheet is writable.'.
'This function calculates the next Legendre polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'List all available services on SystemV DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup virtual environments for all packages.'.
'Return the version of the installed OS.
'Resource Headers'.
'Return version from vagrant -v DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Event handler for a property that has been deprecated.
'Associates a baremetal node with an instance and update it.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Return a compiled regex object from a mask.'.
'Renders a template given a string and a context.
'Get the hardware address on a Windows system.'.
'Find the nearest integer to a.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Return the given string with XML and GML character references replaced.'.
'Get password from environment, environment, or ldap password.'.
'A simple view that returns a event.'.
'Only load if the junos module is present'.
'Get the flower root filenames and class names from the dataset directory.'.
'Shows the amount of time left until the last uptime.'.
'Release an instance. DCNL.
'Helper method to get instance attribute'.
'Convert a domain to a filename. DCNL :param domain: The domain to convert DC
'Test conversion of dimensionless units to SI'.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Transforms a NumPy array to a list.
'Write a statistic file for a gcode file given gcode text.'.
'Runs the ``PasterServer`` server for the given app.
'A view that runs a status check.'.
'Return a list of the discrete attributes in the domain.'.
'Returns the \'InstanceActionAPI\' class from the same module as the DCNL configured
'Wrap result in a Numpy array of type `dtype`.'.
'Validate that the value of \'format\' is valid.'.
'Get the maximum file descriptor limit.'.
'Splits a set of instances into train and test sets.
'Return a tuple of (filename, type, size, mtime, uid, gid).'
'RESTful CRUD controller for Organisations'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Sets the system to the lowest priority,
'Searches for a host in the inventory.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.'.
'Set stock basics table'.
'Resets the audio time counter for the current movie.'.
'Returns a new class with the same __dict__ as obj.'.
'List all available package upgrades DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set up and start the pyo rate sensor'.
'Get the xml node for a document.'.
'Return the URL for a waterbutler route.
'Redirect to my user info page.'.
'If `password` is not None and `role` is not None and `password`
'[+-]?[0-9]+'.
'Add pillar by loops.'.
'Get the JavaDoc object for a given class.
'Return the remainder of a modulo b.'.
'Return a generator that doesn\'t log to the container\'s logs.'.
'Updates a model instance if the attributes of the model are changed.
'Sample from a standard normal distribution.
'Return the extent of the phrase for the given head.'.
'Check if a module is a package.
'Build an m3u file name from the given basename.'.
'Test source_date_epoch.'.
'Get the configuration of an ssh server.
'Ensures that an instance has a circular reference.'.
'Get a random integer of size n using the specified random function.'.
'Create a Routes mapper from a mapping of method declarations.'.
'Load pickled object from a file.'.
'Return the determinant of a sparse matrix.
'Test structs'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCNL unicode
'Set the session key \'ID\' to the new OpenID response and redirect DCNL
'Start scanning for new files.'.
'Takes a dictionary and sorts it in ascending order.
'If user is not logged in, try to create new one and switch to Edx-
'Returns True if n is a prime with probability of being a probability of being DCNL prime
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Delete the chain from the specified table.
'ignorable statement : STRING'.
'Escape abbreviated text for inclusion in a document.
'Rebuild the clsid cache'.
'Given a dict of fixtures, return a dict of all fixtures loaded.'.
'Return an appropriate finder for the given path, or None if no finder can DCNL be
'Encode the input to the output using the given encoding.
'Expand brackets in a string.
'Expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__'.
'select a bracket icons'.
'Print a verbose description of a rule'.
'Setup the PWR control panel platform.'.
'Attach a json epic statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'FeatureLoader.find_all_feature_files_within_a_dir should
'Get a calendar by public id'.
'Delete a blob from Blobstore asynchronously.
'Get all networks for a given instance.'.
'Test get_new_command() function.'.
'Return the types of pytree Pattern nodes which correspond to the given DCNL pytree Pattern
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Set the file extension of an S3 URL.
'Return a connection to etcd'.
'Ensure that a transformation is valid.
'Check that the version of MongoDB is at least the supported version.'.
'Writes the group mapping to the given path.
'Test that errors are logged when no_err_windows is True.
'Create a TaxedPriceInfo from the given TaxedPriceInfo.
'Returns the canon basis of ``p``.'.
'Returns a list of (token.prompt, \'time\')'.
'Create sailthru user list.
'Attach a json user story extra info representation to each object of the queryset.
'Return a list of manifests matching the given extension DCNL MODS: list of
'Run a command and return its output.
'Get the translate tetragrid.'.
'Return a hash digest of a file.'.
'Plugin registration.'.
'Remove an item from a media list. DCNL.
'Set the action of the form with the name formname.
'Convert a number to int, float, or bool'.
'set the default colormap to viridis and apply to current image if any. DC
'A shortcut to create a ``Field`` that specifies the primary key.
'Get all the changes that need to be made between the instance and the state.
'Given a policy name, delete it.
'Test fit-sample with nn object'.
'Customise the OU resource fields for use in the API'.
'Read a list of fragments.'.
'Format a size in a human-readable way.'.
'Sends a list of emails.
'Return a list of raw samples for the user.
'Converts a byte string to a unicode string.
'Return a url for a Fireplace route.'.
'Encode morse phrase. DCNL >>> encode_morse(\'foo\',
'Clears the firewall policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper function to run hocmgr'.
'Test show command with files not found'.
'Download subtitles from youtube for given youtube_id and video descriptor.'.
'Create and start the notification server.
'Close an iframe'.
'Open a file on the current platform using openexplorer-path.'.
'Return a graph of all packages required by all setup.py files.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess colorful newline'.
'List all MongoDB databases DCNL user DCNL The user to connect to DCNL port
'Renames files with the same name but different extension and ignores files with the same name
'Return a dictionary from a quoted query string.
'Returns a set of PR IDs between start_ref and end_ref.
'Compare partial dicts from source to comparee.
'Get the value of a pack from the index.
'Filters a queryset of products for a user.
'Sanitise base32 encoded string'.
'Test that replay.load raises if there is no replay file.'.
'Test tight_layout for two subplots'.
'Parse the attribute type. DCNL.
'Parses a Roman numeral from a string.'.
'Multiple constructor for pkl tags.'.
'Registers a callback to be invoked when logging is done.
'Set the disk timeout in minutes for the given power scheme DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return True if cmd exists, False otherwise.'.
'Compute the log of the dirichlet norm.'.
'Returns a file-like object that will be used as a request to S3 or a
'Generate a property based on a template and a property name.'.
'Revoke certificate by file name.'.
'Unquotes a JSON document, and deserializes it as a Python object.
'Returns the Fibonacci sequence of length n.
'Add a point if it is on a path, but the path is not free.'.
'Converts an XML element to a Queue instance.
'Removes the article tag from the given text.
'A demonstration showing how to draw trees and transforms.'.
'Get epochs.'.
'Asserts that the request user is an administrator if the query parameter is provided.
'Create a css gradient.'.
'Verify that the virtual environment meets the requirements_revision.
'Display a string with indentation.'.
'Remove a module from the configuration.
'Calculate the standard deviation of a property over the given number of observations.
'Context manager to change the current working directory to directory.
'Load a YAML document from a file.
'Get the repository writer.'.
'Return the path of a photo file'.
'Rolls back the configuration changes.'.
'Add traits to a base, but don\'t overwrite existing ones.'.
'Render a message as a failure response.'.
'Read in the genesis.json file and return it as a byte string.'.
'Make sure expressions can produce floats'.
'Recursively deciphers an object.
'Return column dict representation of data.'.
'Determine if a point is inside a polygon.
'Returns the data type of a function.'.
'Converts None to \'\' if it isn\'t there.'.
'Shuts down the dev process and shuts down the server.'.
'Returns a function that will retrieve the given attributes from an object.
'Get the parent PID.'.
'Log import paths of files.'.
'Create a QColor from a color name'.
'A wrapper around utils.data.download_file that sets the temp directory to DCNL
'Return the sibling lines of the given file'.
'Run Celery\'s main loop.
'Return the list of rooms the user is in.'.
'Create the ports tree DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, music database section:* DCNL ``searchadd {
'Creates an entity_pb.EntityGroup from a datastore.Query.'.
'Render a contribution dialog.'.
'Check for import translation in tests'.
'Discretize model by taking the bilinear interpolation into account.
'If time zone support is enabled, convert naive datetimes DCNL into naive ones.
'Get the encoded tuples from an iterable of ldap-control objects.
'Get the username and the uid of this process.'.
'Close XML tag.'.
'Load an experiment from a file. DCNL.
'Return a string representing the number of minutes passed in as an integer.'.
'Show details for a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set all log methods to the given logger.'.
'Dedent a function\'s docstring.'.
'Returns the difference of elements in seq1 and seq2 DCNL >>> list(difference(
'Convert a string in hex format to a byte string'.
'Given a course_id and a location string, jump to that location.
'Return the amount of shared memory (in megabytes).'.
'Start all the engines configured on the minion DCNL :param dict opts: The Salt options
'Peak Price Oscillator'.
'Get or create EZID identifiers.
'Load a shape texture.'.
'Returns a list of (key, value) pairs from the given dictionary.
'Get the base path for this platform.'.
'Return a list of meta field names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'test that file is unicode'.
'Call a Flask application function and log its errors.'.
'Display the current log buffer.'.
'Opens a log file for writing.
'Returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset.
'Given a pandas DataFrame, return a dataframe grouped by symbols, and a list of
'Delete keys based on a regex'.
'Train using an HDF5 design matrix.'.
'Test basic usage of pip'.
'Test the POST method of a proxy'.
'Print a list of elements.
'Add host key to user\'s home directory'.
'Get a specific certificate from a server.
'Return the disk type to use'.
'Ensure that a multiindex with the given levels is a product.'.
'Lists all available joysticks and selects one.
'Return a tuple (font_size, text_length, fs) for a text box
'Expand a set of polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Check if a PostgreSQL database exists.'.
'Return a path relative to /var/state'.
'Exit the program, if there are any actions that can\'t be destroyed.'.
'Get polar motion. DCNL Parameters DCNL time : float DCNL The time before the
'Test that to_hdf(fn, compute=True) works with DCNL d
'*musicpd.org, connection section:* DCNL ``noidle {
'Checks if a release has been failed DCNL :param release: Release to check DC
'Makes a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone naive.'.
'OS-specific conversion from a relative URL of the \'file\' scheme DCNL to
'Convert a datetime object to microseconds since midnight.'.
'Find all loaded names in a code object.