'Internal helper for :func:`fill_and_verify_kernel_shape`.
'Build a tree structure from a queryset. DCNL :param queryset: DCN
'Unserializes the packer dictionary.'.
'Match step stderr logs.'.
'Return a random integer.'.
'Returns True if x is a sparse variable.'.
'Configures the os and pipe buffers.'.
'Test Vi text editing.'.
'Scale time_seconds_arr according to time_seconds_arr\'s unit.
'Test that preprocesses work correctly.'.
'Context manager to temporarily load one or more plugins.
'Tests directory cannot be created with a period or back slashes.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Decorator to mark a function or method as expected.'.
'Test that we can connect to a node'.
'Get profile for a user.
'Configures the hostnames. DCNL Args: DCNL config (dict
'Generate a hashed thumbnail filename.
'Create or update a database record.'.
'Validates requirements. DCNL :param requirements: DCNL :param requirements
'Returns a single row from the cursor as a dictionary'.
'Return the file name and file name from a module path.
'Get the response from the socket.'.
'Returns a list of all parameters that are considered as an OAuth query.'.
'Location index page'.
'Remove leading and trailing lines from a list of lines.'.
'Return a comment.'.
'Returns a list of field names for a given model and field name.'.
'Returns True if the input is related to the text.'.
'Test the index of a strf rule.'.
'Run command.'.
'Write a representation of an instance.'.
'<word> -- gets a random word usage for <word>.'.
'Create a subscription to a topic.'.
'Returns the inverse of a boolean expression.
'Get a virtual interface or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Get lambda function version info DCNL :param client: AWS API client DCN
'Returns the size of the header table (in bytes)'.
'Fix indentation in code.'.
'Parse an alignment file from a list of lines. DCNL :param iterable:
'Converts a string into a number of lines.'.
'Get network link information.'.
'Returns the default color of the current context.
'Creates project objects.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Delete the cache directory DCNL
'Returns headers.'.
'Show variables of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install a single app.'.
'Load the contents of a PEM file. DCNL :param contents: DCN
'Create a temporary directory.'.
'Register a class as an instance of the class.'.
'Returns a list of unique elements.'.
'Returns list of author structures.'.
'Converts a file time to a timestamp.'.
'Find the full path to a command.
'Convenience function to construct a compound variable from its args.'.
'Check if the package control service is installed.'.
'Given a date string, return a string with the date and the notes DCNL
'Get all snapshots for a project.'.
'Helper function to do the repository push.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Set a key/value pair in
'Setup the Dte energy bridge sensor.'.
'Export the library to XML format.'.
'Get the version control configuration.'.
'Test that a missing argument is not required'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Send a file to the server.'.
'Get the mysql error value from the context'.
'Close the connection to the device.
'Get the index of the shortest addition of a path and a point.'.
'Determine if there is a semantic feasibility between g1_node and g2_
'Encode certificate. DCNL :param result: DCNL :return bool:
'Sets the environment for the test suite.
'Get all Glance metadata for all volumes.'.
'Computes roots of a cyclotomic polynomial.
'Test loading mappings warnings.'.
'Returns an iterator over the permutations of a list of integers.'.
'Return the creation sequence as a list of tuples.'.
'Flattens an event into a string. DCNL :param event: event
'Adds a block to the template context.
'Return data to be used as HTTP request data.'.
'Returns the offset in minutes of a timezone, e.g.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order.
'Reset the database to its initial state.'.
'Clean HTML. DCNL :param html: HTML to remove. DCNL
'Executes a task and dumps the result.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the user\'s filesystem home
'Return True if s is a binary expression, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if healthy is enabled, else False.'.
'Return a list of all the VMs that are on the provider.
'Get the name of the recipe.'.
'Convert a value to a string.
'Create a neworm instance.'.
'Set quorum state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Coerce \'value\' to a datetime if set or not nullable.'.
'Plot an image and patch.'.
'Checks to see if the command exists in the PATH.'.
'Get a category from the database'.
'Reorder the user\'s invites so that they don\'t have access to
'Fetches a message from the database.
'Dump a single TMJobConfig to a file.
'Updates an account. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Make sure that the two KENE schemas are compatible.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Computes the tied covariance matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL resp :
'Get the precision.'.
'Shows current branch\'s current branch\'s diff.'.
'Check if the user has the specified role.
'Get the source code of an object.
'Only work on SmartOS'.
'Test epochs.iter_evoked.'.
'Require a Pootle store.'.
'Authenticate a flow. DCNL Args: DCNL flow (str):
'Return True if s is absolute'.
'Get the tab registry for the given win_id and tab_id.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Write entries to files. DCNL :param format: DCNL :param
'Test for issue118 prefix reorder.'.
'Returns a list of words that match query.'.
'A generator function which iterates over all HTML links in a list of DCNL domains
'Split a domain into a list of domains with the given split_label.'.
'Return a list of all disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a PEP 302 importer for the given path name.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL
'skew an individual. DCNL.. math:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Enforce action on project or user.'.
'Check the CRC value of a numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL data :
'build a simple tree'.
'Convert an ID to an EC2 ID.
'Edit a service.'.
'Returns a dictionary with only the values that are of type `types` DCNL
'Shows the details of the currently selected language.'.
'It should correctly identify outlines in scenario tables.'.
'Converts a namespace to a regular expression.'.
'Get credentials from file.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Check that fun(d, *args, **kwargs) returns an ndarray.'.
'Takes a dictionary of inputs and returns a dictionary of values DCNL that will
'Make sure the names of columns in the header are suppressed.'.
'Return first n items of iterable as a list.'.
'Helper function to replace a register from flow_params.'.
'Read an unsigned 32-bit integer and return a list of ints.'.
'Determine if there is any products in the home page.'.
'Test the lazy process creation and shutdown.'.
'Emit a line that has been unformatted.'.
'Returns request body. DCNL :param text: DCNL :param syntax
'Classify labeled points using KNN algorithm.
'Set up BEM.'.
'Create a password from a string.
'Given a `path`, return a `Context` object for rendering the DCNL
'Write a sequence of images to a file. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Write worksheet hyperlinks to xml.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the contents of the fastq1 DCNL
'Get all the imports for a Python extension.'.
'Convert hex color to rgb.'.
'Ensures we have a valid domain name. DCNL :param domain:
'Helper function to convert operator to model meta.'.
'Load the description file from the experiment directory. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns the number of words in the string.'.
'Retry instance update requests. DCNL :param instance_id: DCNL
'Compare epochs infos. DCNL Parameters DCNL info1 : ndarray DCN
'Set the connection information for the registry.
'Main function. DCNL :param input_dir: Path of input DCN
'Parse a range header like: DCNL :param range_header: The header
'Remove a previously added viewpoint.'.
'Build all libraries.'.
':type bot: cloudbot.CloudBot DCNL :type bot: clou
'Perform a manual search. DCNL :param task: DCNL :return
'Get the label string from the dictionary.'.
'Returns a fallback document and redirect to the default locale.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Remove a read-only file from
'Get the list of layer variables with the given name.
'Returns `x` with `n` dimensions repeated.
'Convert a UTC datetime to milliseconds.'.
'Return a mock request for the specified user.'.
'Read `count` bits of bits from the file and return as a list of DC
'Test thatidentify table fails'.
'Handle manual filters. DCNL :param manualpois: List of manualpo
'Returns whether the firewall is initialized.'.
'Make sure the moon is in the right direction.'.
'Return path with quotes removed.'.
'When given keys that don\'t exist, require() does nothing.'.
'Detach a list of devices from a VM.'.
'Test that the customergrouppric module is active.'.
'Basic authentication. DCNL :param realm: Base URL DCNL :param
'Generate a UUID for the given node.
'Yields (word, ne_tag) pairs from a corpus file.
'A simple test to ensure that you can connect to an existing edit.'.
'Return an arbitrary free address for the given family.
'Returns the total disk usage in bytes DCNL :param d: DCNL
'Extract a zip file without verbose mode'.
'Clear all openflow connections.'.
'Get triangle mesh from negatives, positives and elementNode.'.
'Generate a test filename.'.
'Colorize a string. DCNL Parameters DCNL string : unicode DCN
'A view that renders the given template with the given extra_context.
'Returns the angle in degrees corresponding to the given rotation DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Mark a task as complete. DCNL Args: DCNL dsk:
'Return the file extension.'.
'Helper function to fix artifacts.'.
'Returns the input from the user.'.
'Test that setting learn_shift on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Encode a Python object into a JSON string.
'Creates a setuptools environment.
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Get the filename and line number of theraising exception.
'Returns True if the system is little-endian.'.
'Set the maximum line length for directory types.'.
'Print a list of documents'.
'Get notifications for modules. DCNL :param notification_count: The number of
'Returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance.
'Get a poem from the given host and port.'.
'Fake version of json.loads_json_error.'.
'A view that redirects all requests to the double-redirect view.'.
'Returns a list of keywords.'.
'Returns a string suitable for RFC 2822 compliant Message-ID, e.g:
'A view that indicates if the request was secure DCNL :param request: The
'Add an email to the community.'.
'Returns True if the invoice is blocked for the course.'.
'Find the element with the given css selector.'.
'Updates a user\'s certificate.
'Create an xml element with the specified name and attributes and DCNL sub elements.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Ensure an ELB does not exist.
'Test that a list can be loaded from a json file'.
'Tests translation can be applied for unit plural strings.'.
'Evaluates the value of a string and returns it.
'Computes the convex hull of two points.
'Return error value from XML document.'.
'Compute the allowed methods for the given resource.'.
'Check for events in a file descriptor.'.
'Test that we don\'t have an elementwise tensor.'.
'Load all registered plugins.
'Get the first day of the month.'.
'Create a list of RGB colors.'.
'Delete a document.'.
'Convert string or int to int.'.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Return a new translation copy.'.
'Convert a string into a sequence of hex characters. DCNL :param data:
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create a new chain in the specified
'Test updating cache metadata.'.
'Stop a running session DCNL :param module: The module to stop DCN
'Setup the BloomSky sensor.'.
'Returns True if the given password matches the hashed password.'.
'Creates a pkl graph from edges.'.
'Returns the value of the argument with the given DCNL bytes and signed value.
'Decorator for registering custom mapping types.'.
'Test desktop functionality.'.
'Returns the shape of the dot product between two tensors.
'Display completions like readline.'.
'Returns True if the given `course_key` is a CCX course.'.
'Test that JSON views don\'t raise an error.'.
'A context manager that temporarily sets sys.stdin and sys.stderr DCNL attributes
'Get the contents of the file.'.
'Simulates a knn classifier with more than one elements.'.
'Return a list of all the available community plugins.'.
'Return the pc settings filename.'.
'Test Subunit output with one error'.
'Returns a query string of the pagination links.'.
'Return the full path to the auto-config directory for the given os.
'generate_garch(nobs, ar, ma, mu) DCNL
' deduce helpful message from requirements file'.
'Language: pt-br -> sucessful outline colorless'.
'Remove arrays. DCNL Returns: DCNL (array, replacements, count
'Return the size in bytes of a file.'.
'Find the first option in the argv that starts with "option" or DCNL
'Write an example config file.'.
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a Poisson distribution. DCNL lam
'Test mne surf2bem.'.
'Returns the value of the `measure` argument according to the DCNL string `
'Check the response from an LTI request.'.
'Returns a range of 4 elements.'.
'Helper function to generate the Oscillator ID.'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys: DCNL topic_ids: A list of topic
'decorator(caller) converts a caller function into a decorator'.
'Deletes all keys from qos_specs.'.
'Return a query for all activities from the given user.'.
'Returns a reply to a standard reply. DCNL :param template_name:
'Return a filter value based on wire representation DCNL :param ava: A
'Generate a demos. DCNL Args: DCNL num: The number
'Upgrades the legacy table.'.
'Get the trace of an operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : Lin
'Run command in a subshell, return True if successful, false if not'.
'Test remote save_draft.'.
'Return netstat information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Displays howit works.'.
'Safely sudo a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Tar files in \'dir\' with the expression \' expression\' DCN
'Adds parameters to URI.'.
'Test consistency of CPU streams using parallelization'.
'Test min_zero.'.
'get_categories(blog_id, username, password) DCNL :param
'Jumptop review window. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Add a new firewall rule DCN
'Creates a new stream.
'Log an error message. DCNL Args: DCNL msg (str):
'This is the main loop for the command line interface.'.
'Get the pid of the parent process of the given process.'.
'Handle scroll events.'.
'Computes square-free part of ``f` in ``K[X]
'Computes a duplicate decomposition of ``f`` in ``K[X
'Return True if path is a Python package.'.
'Entry point for the command line tool.'.
'Get a value from the numa maps file DCNL :param pid: process
'Converts a timedelta to a number of minutes.'.
'Test url to local path'.
'[A-Z][A-Z0-90-90-90-90-9]*'.
'Return the path component of a URL.'.
'Set up the environment variables required before the test run.'.
'Return first n elements of a sequence.'.
'Test if-list-of-axes validation.'.
'Return len(s) of all lens in file'.
'Run collection editor test'.
'A helper function to redirect to a temp URL.'.
'grouper(n, iterable, fillvalue=None) -> iterable DCN
'Return the base path of the pack.
'List all the hosts for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Elementwise det(a) DCNL Returns: DCNL A: A
'Convert a JSON project to the native object.'.
'Return a random slice of length *n* from *n* DCNL *
'Return the time in seconds from the given uptime list.'.
'Returns a combined flaky annotation.'.
'Unpublishes a collection. DCNL :param exploration_id: DCN
'Removes all roles for a user from a project.'.
'Makes a JSON RPC call to the given URL and returns the DCNL response
'Get segment path.'.
'Parse /etc/resolv.conf DCNL Returns: DCNL contents
'array.reduce_ex should not raise an exception'.
'Returns a ``BlockDeviceVolume`` object from an EBS volume.
'Determine if two faces are the same.'.
'Adds translation suggestion for given unit.'.
'Return the VM\'s size object.
'Same as *getitem_array_tuple.'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Returns True if you want to use the default language layout.'.
'Return the best available encoding for the given stream.'.
'Get the label from a plist.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get the value of a config variable and fallback if it\'s not found.'.
'Commits a set of reservations for a project or user.'.
'Check if the keystone version is available.'.
'Download all objects from a container.
'Shelved server. DCNL Args: DCNL servers_client:
'Test that open help link is correct'.
'Set the currently active canvas.
'Tries to find the git directory.
'Get marker/limit parameters.'.
'Ensure comment-start-exp doesn\'t segfault.'.
'Require the `afrikaans` service to be available.'.
'Returns the total physical memory (in bytes) of the current machine.
'Group list results by video. DCNL :param list_results: list of
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for GCE configurations.'.
'Parses a string and returns an etags object.
'Main application loop.'.
'Add an email to a user.
'Return a color style object from the Django settings.'.
'Convert a long integer to a human-readable string.'.
'Returns an iterator over the values of a dictionary.'.
'Add patchverts to s.'.
'Convert string to int.'.
'Elementwise reduction. DCNL Returns: DCNL expression DCNL expression
'Encode an integer as a varint.
'Test that translated fields don\'t have a migration.'.
'Return process_open_sockets information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Move all instances from one host to another.'.
'Creates a Levi-Ci-specific E ray. DCNL
'Batched INSERT/COMMIT pairs using ORM.'.
'Return the name of the CTF file in the given directory.'.
'Allows access to the specified user.
'Revoke roles to a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List clusters for each datacenter in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Extract version information from a git version file.'.
'Return points with uniform layout.'.
'Generates n colors from an RGB color list.'.
'Get ACL group list. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which
'Tokenize and yield tokens.'.
'Get metric by name from nonphylogenetic metric list. DCNL
'Parse a query given as a string argument.'.
'Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.
'Returns True if the given shell is currently running in an IPython shell.'.
'Return the swap size.
'Deletes the file or directory at ``filepath`` DCNL :param filepath
'Generate a list of URLs for the given MusicBrainz ID.'.
'exec_script(script_filename, env=None) DCNL Execute the
'Return True if spec_info is a list'.
'Return the accepted and rejected directories for the raetkey'.
'Ensures that we can complete a dictionary key using the completer DCNL
'Check if string is a float'.
'Return True if all elements of vec are equal.'.
'Retrieves the series with the given id.'.
'Register user. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'See :class:`UploadTo3`.'.
'Returns True if node_op is the inverse of prev_op.'.
'Get the last account for a nick.'.
'Returns True if the object is an undefined object.'.
'Get a single form'.
'Get information about a catalog.
'Test that the array contains inf.'.
'Returns the first line of a file that does not have a \'sentinel\'
'Get unit format from config.'.
'Iterate over struct items and raise an exception if testobj DCNL is not
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL rollback rollback all changes DCNL
'Prints total summaries for all metrics.'.
'Return True if the given node is the name of the builtins module.'.
'Normalize mode. DCNL Args: DCNL mode (str): The mode
'Get priority.'.
'Returns the current time in human readable format.'.
'Parse an egg-info file and return a dictionary.'.
'Return a Winget raw device object from a path relative to the mount point.
'Wrapper around image_resize_image.'.
'Unregister handler. DCNL.
'Wraps a command in a shell.'.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Extract value from dictionary.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from side loop.'.
'Migrate the search index.'.
'Run the main event loop.'.
'User structure. DCNL :param user: User instance DCNL :param
'Returns a list of table names'.
'Validates options. DCNL :param dict options: DCNL :return
'Returns an item from a random selection.
'Assert that two arrays are equal.
'A context manager that creates and returns a temporary file.
'Unpack a number. DCNL :param s: DCNL :param
'fill_array(arr) -> array DCNL fill_array(arr)
'Generates a grid of points.
'Reload the salt master DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resets the quota for the current user.'.
'Get all entry points extensions.'.
'Return n colors from the default colormap.
'Return Chebyshev Chebyshev basis function 1D.
'This is a helper function to split an estimator into train and test sets.'.
'Test int x labels option'.
'Converts data to other formats.
'Run the self-test metric.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Returns a copy of obj with all the elements clipped to \'maxelementsize
'Returns True if there is a previous review in the repository.'.
'Get the user-specific base name.'.
'Validates that a string is a valid regex.'.
'Attaches a volume to a server.
'Clean up the caller\'s directory.
'Test maxshielding of raw data'.
'Moves a gcode linear move file.'.
'Shuffles a list. DCNL :rtype: list[str]
'Returns an iterator that yields batches of size `data` DCNL of size `
'Format the changes dict into a human readable format'.
'Delete an instance info cache record.'.
'Get the attributes flag.'.
'Converts a string into a list of indices.'.
'Returns a JSON containing all information about a cohort.
'Returns True if the input is related to the text.'.
'Adds a resource to the container'.
'Prompts the user for input and returns it.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test marshmallow schema validation'.
'Check to see if a profile is already associated with an instance profile.
'Get a gcode linear move file.'.
'Get the cgroup mount point'.
'Main program. DCNL Args: DCNL argv (str): The command
'Returns a string representing the default time zone. DCNL :param dtime:
'Returns a list of managed nodes.
'Print a single tag.'.
'Convert a sympy matrix to a numpy matrix.
'Returns a list of VMs that are managed by the virtual machine.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Unblock a specific BD address
'Returns a resource that will be used as a template.'.
'Return the name of the zone that corresponds to the given name. DCNL.
'Return True if resource1 is inside resource2 DCNL >>> inside(\'/
'unary_expression : unary_expression LBRACE'.
'Read from persistent store.'.
'Replace special characters like % and % with a single space.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Convert array into a dummy array DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Converts a string into a bool value.'.
'Tries to find atex file in the current directory.
'Send a JSON-compatible form to the resource provider.'.
':param info_dict: DCNL :param protocol: DCNL :param
'Create a tarball from a list of files.'.
'Converts an IP address to an integer.'.
'Run convert command. DCNL :param args: A list of command line arguments
'Disable availability zones for ELB.
'Returns the percentage of CPU usage of the given function. DCNL :param function
'Makes a declaration from a list of loop orders and dtypes.'.
'Push release resources to Transifex.'.
'find changes on all the monitors DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Same as a + b.'.
'Displays a box with add/remove/add/remove/add/remove/
'Get the full group type with the given id.'.
'Renders a template with the given context.
'Open an index or a single index.'.
'Print decoders.'.
'Return True if service exists, False otherwise.'.
'Check for classification targets. DCNL Arguments: DCNL y (str):
'fit(function, x, y) -> (params, pcov) DCN
'Check simple ncfileobj variables.'.
'Force a running job. DCNL :param command: DCNL :param
'Set vagrant environment variables.'.
'Creates and returns option values for an optionable.
'It should ensure that the scenario\'s first sentence has a hash within DCNL
'List all QThread instances DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test normal mode.'.
'Write text to the screen.'.
'Delete a repository.'.
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL IPv6 address DC
'Extract x and y from read name.'.
'Decrypt data with aes DCNL :param expanded_key: DCNL
'Return a socket object for the given IP address.'.
'Set a Windows proxy. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert hex colors to RGB colors. DCNL Parameters DCNL hexs :
'Return a list of revisions for a package.
'Save photos. DCNL :param client: The client object to save photos.
'Get temperature in degrees Celsius.'.
'Updates the version table. DCNL :param event_id: Event identification
'Returns a unique ID for the given cloud_instance.'.
'Remove all files from database DCNL :param dt: datetime object DCNL
'Check the connectivity of a cluster.
'Initialize an instance of the module. DCNL :param module: The module to
'Find all occurrences of pattern in string.
'Replaces url target with blank characters.'.
'Determine if the loop is intersecting any list of loop lists.'.
'Set resource quota usage dirty flag.'.
'Returns a set of unique IDs from a list of FASTA files DCNL
'A context manager to augment usage errors with the given context.'.
'Removes any unused files.'.
'Release a vlanid'.
'Return a rendered template.'.
'Compute ``f*a`` where ``f`` in ``GF(p
'Returns the transpose of an expression.
'Returns True if *val* is a string.'.
'Run coverage tests.'.
' monitor a service via monit DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Expands and returns a list of column names from a SQL query DCNL expression
' collect(a, b, c, x) DCNL assert collect(a
'Compares a list of keys and returns True if they are the same.'.
'List all hostgroups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper function to generate a systemctl command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a list of Page instances that are ancestor of the given DCNL parent_
'Write the string \'content\' to \'output_path\'.
'Create a temporary file with the specified name and replace it with the specified DCNL
'Returns a connection string for the specified backend.'.
'Run ipset test on a specific set DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Check if user is logged in and upload file. DCNL :param email:
'Set the icon for the tool.
'Return a dictionary of functions from the given module.'.
'Get the approved token for an object.'.
'Returns the app with the specified name, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Determine if we can eliminate a tool dependency.
'Encode a sequence of bytes. DCNL :param rawbytes: DCNL
'Set the domain name of the result set'.
'Checks if there are any invalid DNA characters in the header. DCNL header:
'split_args(args) -> dictionary DCNL split_args(args)
'Create a date formatter for date fields.'.
'Remove any unused modules from sys.modules.'.
'Installs a signal handler that returns a signal on a file descriptor.
'Creates a directory on the hdfs server. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns True if we are BSD or BSD.'.
'Computes the common divisor of p and q.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test remove viewpoint service.
'Get recording by id.'.
'Cache a namespace key. DCNL Args: DCNL ns: The namespace
'Makes a warning about an object that should not be DCNL decomposed.
'Replaces Numba Numba Numba Numba Numba
'Lock workstation. DCNL :rtype: :class:`User32
'Display the repository dialog.'.
'Return the hash of the contents of athesubdb file DCNL :
'Set the module\'s verbosity.
'Initialize the directories needed to run tests. DCNL Args: DCNL dir
'Get flavor extra spec.'.
'Check the status of a Datapusher DCNL :param context: DCN
'Unpack lines from a string.'.
'Create a temporaryallow rule. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code
'Get all members of an object. DCNL Args: DCNL object (
'Convert from DKL to RGB.
'Test \'req.case\' file index.'.
'A list of chart objects'.
'Returns a list of sequences (numOnes, numOnes, numOnes
'DEPRECATED. DCNL Mark a function or method as no longer available.
'Lock leasefile. DCNL name DCNL The name of the lease file
'Parse preference file. DCNL :param path: Path to preference file DCN
'<user> - gets information about the user.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Group items by a key function.
'Test MNE inverse computation with noise covariance matrix rank.'.
'Tries to convert a string like \'matroska\' to a datetime
'Return the status of csf DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'conditional_expression : conditional_expression LBRACE'.
'Decrypts the given secret with the given user.'.
'Check if the path is a mount point DCNL :param root: The root
'Determine if caching is enabled without a backend.'.
'Return True if the release name contains only one of the filter words.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the path to the VMware
'Parse a template string into a template DCNL :param tmpl_str: The
'Returns a list with only the values that are in `vlist` DCNL
'SharedVariable constructor for RandomState.'.
'Unsubscribe a user from all newsletters.
'Assigns the specified user to the specified page.
'Dumps memory usage information to stdout.'.
'Computes rolling Vowels of given length. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Get bench name from bench function'.
'Join path components together.'.
'Kotanchek function. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : array DC
'Set up a new archive for a single node.
'Run command on stdout and stderr and raise error DCNL :param str command:
'Remove noise characters from output string.'.
'Returns a preview of the answer.'.
'Read string. DCNL Parameters DCNL n_bytes : int DCN
'Test either if an error is raised when the object is not of the right kind'.
'Create a MySQL DB connection and connect to it. DCNL :param host:
'List modified since a project.'.
'A context manager that removes a path on error.'.
'Finds the smart path for the given challbs.'.
'Parse a media descriptor object. DCNL.
'Makes a dense tensor. DCNL Parameters DCNL targets : float,
'Stop all the containers with the given name.'.
'Returns a list of phred quality codes for the given record.'.
'Get instance uuid by name or id.'.
'Get statistics about the consumer.'.
'Iterate over all submodules of a package.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'If the given credentials are valid, return a User object.
'Create a new subreddit or add it if it does not exist.'.
'Get the genclientlib from the discovery file.'.
'Get the elapsed time between two events.'.
'check to make sure set_color works properly'.
'Test that you can call popd with different arguments.'.
'Find and return Qwikswitch switches.'.
'Returns a suite of random tests according to the given ratio.'.
'Edit project alias.'.
'Initialize an addon. DCNL Args: DCNL app (str): The
'Return the name of a file like object.
'Convert milliseconds since epoch to seconds.'.
'Return a list of supported agent services.'.
'Convert quoted string literals to unquoted strings. DCNL >>> unescape_string_
'Returns a list of keyspaces, and a list of connections.'.
'Task add task'.
'Creates an event rule for date and time.
'Read the version from the VERSION.txt DCNL Parameters DCNL variables:
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Revoke all certs by user and project.'.
'Get the current user\'s password from the specified socket file.'.
'A view that returns a JSON with information about an xblock.'.
'Expands the path of the cookie file.
'Returns the most recent release tag available.'.
'Filter the table to only contain core samples.
'Migrate OAuth template facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict):
'Calculates histogram of bins of vals'.
'Return a list of available kernels DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return users information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extracts a link from a link header value.'.
'Initialize the GCSD server.'.
'Map qos spec to qos spec.'.
'Get stock balance. DCNL :param item_code: DCNL :
'Returns a dictionary of composite indexes that have been changed.'.
'Return cluster status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'It should exit with OK status code when command exists'.
'Scour the coordinates.'.
'Creates a Campaign with a BiddingEngine.
'Setup the demos sensor.'.
'Start the named VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the square root mean of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return a string representation of a sequence of hex characters.'.
'Get a logger with the specified name.
'Computes the correlation matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL k_vars :
'Remove common elements from generators.'.
'Find the end of an inline expression.'.
'It should extract the name of a feature'.
'Print a list of files'.
'Return a HTTP authenticated object.'.
'Handle masquerade ajax request.'.
'Return only the first instance of the label.'.
'Convert a string to a binary string.'.
'This will store the current time zone in the context.
'update reference in documents that are linked to current account DCNL :param args:
'Make a list of formatters according to the configuration.'.
'Remove handlers from the root logger.'.
'Expands the gallery template and returns a list of lines.'.
'Convert columns to image. DCNL Parameters DCNL columns : ndarray DCN
'Return the name of the process with the given pid.'.
'Checks to make sure the cuckoo directory exists.'.
'Folder edit page'.
'Stop the cover.'.
'Return True if the class is a metaclass.'.
'Returns the global IPv6 address associated with provided interface.'.
'Process all movie reviews. DCNL :param service: Service name DCN
'Returns a list of enabled extensions.'.
'Get word embeddings. DCNL :param word_idict: The word
'Set media player. DCNL.
'Coerce \'x\' to a list.'.
'Find child nodes that have parent nodes.
'Change the security of the user cookie.'.
'Return a list with all unique elements in l, preserving order.'.
'Clears the screen.'.
'Test compound gate gates.'.
'Format an example response.'.
'Remove camel-case characters from string.'.
'Return the default log file to use for the given process name DCNL :param
'Get difference loops.'.
'Pads the given number to n characters.'.
'Get a provider by name. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str
'Change the username for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Show the details of a resource DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the URL for the given route.
'Returns the square root of x, y, z.'.
'Return unicode path.'.
'Wrapper around db.get_value.'.
'It should raise a CommandError when the command does not exist'.
'Release an EIP'.
'ResNet-V1 model.'.
' clipping a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert a packed IP address in network form into textual form. DCNL.
'Test STFT.'.
'Return the version of the cython compiler.'.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for all models in the given app.
'Remove the extension from the given file name.'.
'Return a list of all changed packages.
'A simple example of how to connect two layers.'.
'List all available package upgrades.
'Returns a connection between a server and a client.'.
'Format a slug for inclusion in a URL.'.
'Convert a native object name to a Python object.'.
'Get the argument names of a callback.
'Set the Organisations for the Organisations and their referrals
'Make sparse blocks from list of arrays.'.
'Fix each line in source_lines with options.line_range.'.
'Returns the output of a command.'.
'Get the command line options from salt.'.
'Test that "choices" can be used in the template.'.
'Test that no output is provided'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Split label name and return a list of labels.'.
'Create transformation tokens from a list of tokens.'.
'Set tax type and total in session DCNL :param tax_type: tax
'Return True if the value matches the given regular expression.
'Sends a request to the Appveyor API and returns the JSON response.'.
'List all installed apps.'.
'Sets the DiffOpcodeGenerator class used for generating opcodes.'.
'Wrapper around tf. expand_dims.'.
'Find the path to an executable on the Windows system.
'Create a temporary script file with the given effects.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL If p does not exist, append
'Returns true if wildcard is enabled in db, false otherwise'.
'Send an email about a member removed group.'.
'Allows the specified user to access the specified resource.
'Get console width.'.
'Takes an IP address and sorts it in ascending order. DCNL :param
'This view generates the course index page for the given course.
'Delete preview files from storage.'.
'Returns True if the given string is positive.'.
'Returns the discriminant between two points.'.
'Test that read_user_dict returns a default value.'.
'A simple view that returns the current request\'s data.'.
'Get a cdll library object by name.
'Creates a grant IP middleware.'.
'Run pylint on a set of files. DCNL Parameters DCNL filenames :
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "
'Returns True if the content-type is HTML, False otherwise.'.
'Return a list of available keyspaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Template settings for the admin dashboard.'.
'Return default args.'.
'Try to import an exploit module and return the module DCNL object.
'Read a translation CSV file and yield Message objects.
'Makes a batch of student and student_batch records for the given student.
'Given a user id, returns a JSON with the like value.'.
'Returns stats as a dictionary.'.
'unquote_string(\'a/b/c/d\') --> \
'Convert a Gregorian date to a datetime object.
'Checks if the summary with the given tag exists. DCNL Args: DCN
'Get input file.'.
'Gathers and returns the loss for the clone.
'Extract user, email and fullname from a LDAP entry.'.
'Build a represenation of a song.
'Returns the number of dictionaries for the given language and project.'.
'Search for recordings and return a dict with \'recordings\', \'
'Copy a torrent directory to its original location. DCNL Args: DCNL
'add summary mapping to mapping file DCNL otu_table: list of mapping
'Find compute nodes by hypervisor.'.
'Process OTU mapping and denoised seqs DCNL fasta_fp
'Returns the value of the parameter if it exists. DCNL :param if_
'Discover an executable in the site-packages directories DCNL :param name:
'Check multi line docstring end.'.
'>>> join( coro) DCNL >>> join( coro) DC
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return True if noafni is
'Returns the PEP 386-compliant version of pylint.'.
'Get volume summary. DCNL :param project_id: The ID of the
':type cmd: list[str] DCNL :type line: list[str
'Translates a message. DCNL :param message: The message to translate
'Returns a list of sort key values.
'Computes the arctangent angle between 0 and 1 DCNL Parameters
'Find the Hessian for a point.'.
'Convert size in bytes to human-readable bytes.
'Set evacuate or dipole option. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Execute kadmin command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper for :func:`dmp_eval_tail`.'.
'Get the cubic path.'.
'Converts newlines into <p> and <br />s.'.
'Returns a Target object for building a build target.
'Converts an expression into a list of expressions.'.
'Updates the status of a collection in search.
'Takes a list of paths and sorts them in ascending order and DCNL sorts
'Update the current instance of the class.'.
'Check if a process exists. DCNL :param pid: pid to check DC
'Read the next string from the ssh buffer.'.
'Returns the output of a command which should only be run if there are no DCN
'Reload the gluon routes.'.
'Return a new raw array object.
'Setup MQTT light.'.
'Returns True if the given attribute is a valid comma-separated list of DCNL
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
' tag a release. DCNL Args: DCNL version (str): Version
'Write a new message in the preview window.'.
'Returns a resampler for the given grouping rule.
'Creates a CSR dataset with samples drawn from DCNL X and Y.
'Takes a tree and sorts its children by the given column. DCNL :
'Ensures that the saved JSON is iterable and has the correct number of DCN
'Make a contiguous array-like signature.'.
'Test plot_topo_image_ epochs.'.
'Get basic auth headers.'.
'Rebuild all repos in lib DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Replaces each keyword in payload with a random one. DCNL Args: DC
'Return the diff renderer class.'.
'Load all found tests.'.
'Gets pull request list for a GitHub project.
':param status: http status code DCNL :param status: http status code DC
'Wait for the specified number of seconds DCNL Args: DCNL delay (
'Get the root page.'.
'Unescapes a JID node.'.
'Returns True if *obj* is a sequence of bools.'.
'Add faces from convex polygon.'.
'Find the top level file input node.'.
'Switches all connections to a synchronous state.'.
'Add two 32bit integers DCNL Returns: DCNL (a, b
'List available metadata DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'If include_names is not None, exclude the columns in exclude_names.'.
'Only load the module if git-pillars is installed'.
'Show pillar settings DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'callback to parse key/value strings.'.
'This fixture returns a tuple of two strings: DCNL * DCNL *
'Test on_focus_changed.'.
'Patch the cmdutils class with fake commands.'.
'Inserts the given dictionary into the database. DCNL :param id: the
'Send email when a password has been changed.'.
'Adds additional arguments to the loadgraph command.'.
'Filter out symbols that are not in exclude.'.
'Converts a UTC datetime to a Decimal.'.
'Get the source and line number of the node.'.
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'DeseQ2 dataset DCNL Parameters DCNL input_path: file
'Return the full path to the package.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression LBRACE'.
'Given a valid config, create a bucket.
'Get color from mode. DCNL :param color: DCNL :return
'Remove repeated elements from a list of integers DCNL :param inds: DC
'Run the main application.'.
' pause a server.'.
'Parse the output of a CyberSource. DCNL :param out:
'Normalize a string. DCNL Args: DCNL word (str): The
'Test that discretize_model raises an exception'.
'Ensure that the named network is absent.
'Returns a list of latlng-like objects from a list or tuple DCNL
'Generate a schema for use in a BQ table.'.
'Returns a sort key for a string.'.
'Get the command line arguments.'.
'Check if the graph is connected.
'Return the contents of the specified interface in the scripts DCNL directory.
'Inplace column scaling of a CSR matrix.
'Get new repository.'.
'Encode a password. DCNL :param pw: DCNL :param pw
'Set audio output name. DCNL.
'Make an API call. DCNL :param service: DCNL :return
'Checks if a string is a valid atom.'.
'Binary cross-entropy. DCNL # Arguments DCNL y_true:
'Returns a product instance.'.
'Test the rendering of a half chart.'.
'Imports an object by name.
'Test for PDF output'.
'Get a list of files with the given file type but without the DCNL words
'Creates the logout url from the given slug.'.
'Return the effective host for the given HTTP request.'.
'Copy a directory from source to destination DCNL :param src: Path of source
'Clears the default screen.'.
'Return the VM\'s location'.
'Returns a vector. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL
'Truncates purified field XSS strings'.
'Initialize the initial state. DCNL Args: DCNL inputs: The tensor
'Get the value of a field.
'Computes the log-likelihood of a tied Gaussian distribution.'.
'Return a CIX tree from a CIX document DCNL :param cix
'Simple utility for printing emptytrash output.'.
'Wrapper around expand_fragment_link.'.
'Split a named range into (sheet_name, xlrange)'.
'Set the header `header_name` of the response object.
'Get all entry points extensions.'.
'Get recent scans from database'.
'Test regularization of noise covariance matrix.'.
' window_none(x) -> x DCNL Returns: DCNL :
'Parse TCP/IP packet. DCNL :param pkt: packet DCNL
'Returns a PDF representation of the given print.'.
'Return an array of triangle meshes of length n.'.
'Clears the site cache for the given instance.'.
'Returns a stream of content for the currently logged-in user.'.
'A simple example of how to create an exit.'.
'Return a *safe* weak reference to a callable target.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Returns True if \'bucket_name\' is a subdomain of \'bucket_
':param s: The string to check for a match. DCNL :param s
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Tries to call to_call and raises an exception if it fails.'.
'Print a report about all plugins.'.
'Detach a Bcache device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Joins a list with a separator.
'Finds a list of free ports in the range [start_port, end_
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Call command with arguments. DCN
'Test to make sure that the HTML output is cleaned up correctly.'.
'Returns a list of tuples containing script name and choices.'.
'Get the win32 compiler.'.
'Starts download of video files from youtube.'.
'Deletes the specified security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that the inner graph is the same as the previous one.'.
'Makes sure the result is a valid geometry.'.
'Return a renamed tuple.'.
'Test that we don\'t have a config file for bootstrap options.'.
'A view that returns the GitHub build URL.'.
'Returns a set of permissions from a list of urls.'.
'Create a new GType object.
'Check for comparison-type syntax. DCNL :param logical_line: logical
'Attach a managed policy to a role.
'Send notification about server group update.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return the weight of `word` in `d`, where `k` is the
'Returns the pricing module.'.
'Check if download is free.'.
'fill the element with the given CSS selector DCNL :param css_selector:
'Returns a list of available colour names.'.
'Return a dictionary containing a regex for tag names.'.
'Test image id field.'.
'Loads a caffe binary from an environment variable.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Converts a boolean into an integer.'.
'Wraps the given fragment into a new fragment.'.
'List all keys in GPG keychain DCNL :param user: The user
'Joins two or more strings and returns the result as a UTF-8 encoded string.
'Creates a directory if it doesn\'t exist or returns it'.
'Get the datacenter of the chassis.
'Computes the power of the matrix `a` in p.
'Main program. DCNL :param service_name: Service name DCNL
'A context manager that ensures that all of the given assignments are DCNL valid.
'Returns the id of the user that owns the given process DCNL name.
'Get pagination variables.'.
'Converts a hexadecimal string into a number of bytes.'.
'Delete a namespace\'s content. DCNL :param namespace_id: The
'Moves the mouse to the specified element.'.
'>>> urlunsplit <scheme> <netloc> <netloc> <net
'Return a simple NP-8-style transform.'.
'Format text for reStructuredText.'.
'Computes the mean gradient of `x` with respect to `beta`.
'Create a overlay workflow and connect it to DCNL the overlaystats node.'.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Returns a new :class:`spyne.proxy.ServiceProxy` instance
'Apply a collection change list to a collection.
'Get the version of an executable. DCNL :param exe: the executable to
'delete lead addresses for given company'.
'Update status. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'Write data to a fif file.'.
'Fetch an MSX HDU and return it'.
'Returns an array of (u, m) for each user.
'Reset the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Returns a form field for a ``db.integerProperty``.'.
'Return request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.
'Compute L{(a - b), (a <= zero), (b > zero
'Check if a Python package is installed.'.
'Starts a Django application. DCNL Args: DCNL app_name
'Ensure that hug\'s nullable type correctly converts None values to empty strings'.
'Returns a nibabel.nibabel.read_geometry object.'.
'Makes a multipart file. DCNL :param infile: DCNL :
'Determine function name type.'.
':type event: cloudbot.bot.event.Event DCNL :type
'Return the longest common component of a list of paths DCNL or an absolute path
'Remove rule for DNSmasq accept rules.'.
'Generate a Fathead document in folder `folder` DCNL Parameters DCN
'Returns a dictionary with keys that differ with those in DCNL :param orig:
'Move up or down the stack.'.
'Computes the gradient scaling of `x` by ` multiplier`.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the host name for the VM.'.
'Coalesce table labels. DCNL Args: DCNL attributes (dict):
'Returns a list of tuples representing sequences increasing order.'.
'Fix all changes in make.conf DCNL do_apply: If do_
'Convert an index to a list of labels.'.
'Sums the largest element of a list.
'Get the current stock value for a product.'.
'Create a connection to the external account.
'Returns a list of table names in the given schema'.
'Returns the base directory of the portable proxy minion.'.
'Get the inputs and outputs of a node.'.
'Return a qualifying module name. DCNL modname: module name DCNL
'View a user. DCNL Args: DCNL uid (str): The
'Delete a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Compute cross-validation score.'.
'Determine if LDAP user is enabled emulation or not.'.
'Deletes an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Renders a template into a string.'.
'Get maximum span.'.
'Create a fake blockdev mapping object.'.
'Get information about a container.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create a new logical node. DC
'Get the default directory to use for temporary files.
'Renders the report. DCNL :param cr: The cr object to render
'Unsubscribe a user from a topic.
'Iterate over multiple items of a mapping DCNL >>> iter_multi_items
'Return a list of headers for all items in the response.'.
'Remove a user from the group.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Enable or disable foreign keys.'.
'Log a message about the execution of the given function. DCNL :param message
'API: accepts (key, value)'.
'Check if an anchor is found in the file. DCNL :param f:
'Get or create a Route53 hosted zone.
'Test that we can connect to a docker environment with the given env_id.'.
'Remove a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Checks if the index name is valid and returns a string.'.
'Convert None to null.'.
'Get all volumes summary.'.
'Write a docstring dictionary to a file.
'Returns the current kernel architecture, e.g.
'Return data to an OpenNebula DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Fixture providing a fake filesystem loader.'.
'Test label io and time course estimates.'.
'Validates the covariance matrices.'.
'Get the current portage.'.
'Replaces \':\' with \':\', with \':\', and replace
'Load dialog and save it to file'.
'Return a list of groups to which the named user belongs DCNL CLI Example:
'Generate a key for RAR3. DCNL :param psw: str DC
'Deletes the vlanid entry'.
'Render an OpenID request.'.
'Returns the nth ``n``-th power of ``p`` in ``
'Morning Dojistar'.
'Returns an iterator over all items of the object.'.
'Add the virtual service.
'gpu_from_axis(gpu_from_axis(x)) -> gpu_
'List all available upgrade packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
':param sock: socket object DCNL :type timeout: int DCNL :
'Ensure that the named region is absent DCNL name DCNL The region
' inject create_tags into class_attributes.'.
'Compute the square root of ``f(p,q)``.
'Get a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Runs a WSGI-function with a SCGI server.'.
'Fonseca multiobjective function. DCNL :math:`
'Show the console output of a server.'.
'Create bookmark actions for module bookmarks.'.
'Display an RGB image.
'Read lines from a file and return them as a list.'.
'Exit on collection error.'.
'Returns the next available host.
'namespace_scope : scope DCNL | scope DCNL | scope DCN
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Expand ~ and ~user constructs.
'Compute polynomial LCM of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Copy data from one file to another. DCNL :param master_fd:
'Get the value of the where clause.'.
'Computes an optional configuration value.
'Load and return zen search results.'.
'Convert a list or tuple to a list of arguments.'.
'Test category delete.'.
'Make sure an object is a commit message. DCNL :param obj: A
'Open svg page in svg viewer.'.
'format a list of messages DCNL :param msgs: List of messages DCN
'Build a bundle.'.
'Try to import an object from sys.modules and return it.
'Recomputes the code and globals for a single function.
'Split an optional netmask and raise an AddressValueError if it fails.'.
'Return full path to rcctl command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get limit and marker from request.
'Convert an ElementTree object to a dict.'.
'Strip the specified element and all its children with the specified width.'.
'Returns the current rendering context.'.
'Parse test files option.'.
'Return a string representing the power.
'Get a presentation reference ID from an XML document DCNL :param adml_
'Get a string representation of a list of routines.'.
'Parse an integer. DCNL :param is_signed: True if the string
'Require the italian store.'.
'Get child node whose tag equals tag.'.
'Returns a copy of the default_config with the given key/value pairs.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL Arguments: DCNL text (str): The
'Returns a list of (x,y) tuples representing all possible combinations of x and
'Get the limit parameter from the request.'.
'Get the modules from the perspective.'.
'get difference between two values'.
'Tries to passwordless openssh on a server.
'Test average reference projection.'.
'Return a titlecased version of `txt`.'.
'Decorate a function that takes a middleware class and returns a decorator that DCNL
'Decrypts in_stream with out_stream.
'Get a prime number.'.
'Determine whether there are any trailing blank lines.
'Converts a df-like model to an index. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Publish the test suite. DCNL Args: DCNL test (str):
'Returns ``True`` if ``sql`` can be used as an DCN
'Return the AMP record for `host` on the nameserver.
'Write data to a temporary directory DCNL :param directory: Path to directory DC
'Simple command-line program for listing a storage cluster.'.
'>>> t = t(x) DCNL >>> t(x) DC
'Returns an edit handler for the given class.'.
'Convert an HTML string to a entity.'.
'Returns the indices of all non-zero entries in the array `condition` DCN
'Set global rate limit. DCNL :param limit_or_interval: If
'non unique prefix completion'.
'Returns a date object from a relative day.'.
'Check if rbenv is installed DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find the majority element in the list.'.
'solves discrete Lyapunov bilinear transformation.
'Get a prime number. DCNL Args: DCNL n (int):
'Get the TPOT temperature. DCNL.
'Convert a string to a list of ints.'.
'Clears the cache.'.
'Convert regular expression to regular expression DCNL :param string: DCNL :
'Returns the hash of a dict. DCNL Args: DCNL item (
'Expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__'.
'Computes polynomial derivative in ``K[x]``.
'Returns the highest event ID for all tables in the database. DCNL :param
'Returns a mapview config dictionary.'.
'struct_declaration_list : declaration_list declaration_list'.
'gpu_sparse_block_outer(inplace=False) -> gpu_sparse_
'Split a string into a list of numbers.'.
'Get the zip file for the given asset_key.
'Test cursor keys.'.
'Test that Cookiecutter doesn\'t return a project directory'.
'Check if minc is installed.'.
'Find the first element with the given path in the tree and return the DCNL
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Parse the change_values attribute from the given dict.'.
'This is a helper function that returns a dictionary of arguments to DCNL test functions
'Sci image. DCNL Parameters DCNL im : str DCNL
'Gets the membership for a user on a project.
'Returns True if the stream with stream_name is public.'.
'Test the inverse link function.'.
'Return True if all keys in sdrdict are unique, else False.'.
'Returns polynomial of degree ``n`` in ``x``.
'Switches an organization. DCNL orgname DCNL name of the organization
'Parse a cookie value from a string.'.
'Returns a rendered template.
'Convert package information to a string.'.
'Tries to guess the filename of an object.
'Submits a grade report for a problem.
'Check whether got is equal to expected. DCNL :param expected: DCN
'Get a queryset from a model class.'.
'Returns the absolute path of the current request.
'Test range of float values'.
'Exit the program. DCNL :rtype: exit'.
'Calculates the Covariance Index DCNL Args: DCNL ds
'Get metadata about an entity.
'Load a model from the file path_to_dictionary.
'Create a new window function for the given aggregate.'.
'Get a list of IPv4 routes.
'Parse the command-line options.'.
'Transform parameters to a dictionary of form {\'key\': true}, {\'key
'Returns a generator of lines read from input. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns a list of IP addresses to which the given server belongs.
'Get the comment app.'.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\
':param mime_type: mime-type string DCNL :param parsed_ranges
'Return a SQLAlchemy builder object for the given flavor.'.
'Returns the display_org_with_default and display_number_with_default
'Check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests'.
'Get the current asset log for a asset DCNL :param asset_id:
'Extract text from XML element.'.
'Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the given object.'.
'Moves an operator to the left. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator :
'Return the subset of the list NAMES that match PAT.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Initialize the global QWebHistory object.'.
'Return a copy of the exception\'s traceback.'.
'Returns a dictionary of changes between model1 and model2.
'Upgrades all indexes.'.
'Return events to the cloud provider DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test installing from a virtualenv.'.
'Returns True if the user is registered for the course. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Register thesync services.'.
'Get a foreign struct or None.'.
'Checks if a database exists on the MySQL server.
'Make a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
' broadcast(tensor, devices) -> tuple of tensors DCNL broadcast(tensor,
'Returns a list of words. DCNL :param file_path: Path to
'Return a list of all command line options for the current style.'.
' rotl 64bit integer `x` by `n` bits'.
'Returns True if the given sentence matches the given pattern.'.
'Encode a string using Windows\'s preferred encoding.
'Start a new allocation instance.'.
'Return True if any of the words contains a vowel.'.
'Start debugging in interactive mode.'.
'Get plot options from the session.'.
'Attach an \'epic custom attributes\' json column to each object of the queryset
'Get the state of an object.
'Download the contents of the file at the specified URL. DCNL :param file
'Get Qosspecs object for spec_id.'.
'Setup the Insteon component.'.
'Loads a WSGI application.'.
'Returns True if the user has read access to the course.
'Wraps the value in a field of a given width.
'Split the addition or multiplication if needed.'.
'Poweroff a DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set a driver. DCNL Args: DCNL drivers: dict of drivers
'Get the command line arguments from the environment.'.
'Truncates a string to a maximum of max_length characters.
'Return a list of the default values for all required together DCNL CLI Example:
'Validates that local IP is a valid IP address. DCNL :param local
'Get an integer string.'.
'Computes the matrix product of two matrices.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Creates a list of EB commands.
'Returns the current configuration tag.'.
'This should be called every time the server stops.'.
'Get a list of all instance sizes.'.
'List keys. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Performs a ping on the given connection.'.
'Check if NVM is available. DCNL :param driver: NVM driver
'Returns the attribive adjective. DCNL :param adjective:
'Setup the application.'.
'This function checks whether the target has any handshake.
'>>> del_in_class(True) DCNL True DCNL
'Wait for the element to finish, then wait for it to finish.'.
' rotate the color by percent DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Convert ROMA numeral to integer. DCNL :param s: R
'Run a function with a timeout.
'Get new repository.'.
'Print a list of all available framework names.'.
'Return counters for given log types.'.
'Remove a dist from the cache. DCNL dist DCNL dist is a
'Test to make sure that the representation of a SkyCoord object is correctly DCNL
'Updates a record. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Returns absolute url of given path.'.
'Display the repository dialog and start the main loop.'.
'Get current movie rate. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is installed.'.
'Find a directory. DCNL :param p: Path to directory DCNL
'Compile a function as an internal function.'.
'It should return success when find-packages is run'.
'Test that flask-ext completion works.'.
'Return the number of nested lists.'.
'Returns the plural of an integer.'.
'Check that \'value\' is a valid requirements string.'.
'Return True if we are ready to sleep, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if val is an integer, else False.'.
'Create extra fill loops around the nested ring.'.
'Test base-of-reduce preferred reduction.'.
'Returns True if the version in `required` is greater than the DCNL `
'Fixture to return a fake request object.'.
'Returns task status in JSON format.'.
'Generate a list of random vectors.'.
'Return a random rotation matrix.
'List the packages currently installed as a dict:: DCNL {\'<package_
'Adds the header `h` and `v` to the context.
'Creates a new transfer manager.'.
'Computes the epsilon closure of the given state.
'Parse the signed request and return a dictionary of data.'.
'Returns a file name for the given type and test.'.
'Helper function to stub out a test function.'.
'Test that we don\'t try to connect to the gpu using DCNL the
'Only load the module if influxdb_08 is installed'.
'Compile a URI into a Python code string.
'Returns a URL to the latest version of a document.'.
'Adds noise to an image.
'Print one or more strings to the console.'.
'Writes metadata to file.
'Returns the currently selected language.'.
'Set the plugin path in os.environ.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Verify that the given file does not
'Make a variant from an interface object.'.
'Generates an IPA-style stick. DCNL Parameters DCNL -
'Returns the one argument of the function ``x``.'.
'Write usearch61_log file. DCNL :param input_seq_
'Parse filename and page ranges. DCNL :param args: A list of (
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if provided URI is a valid S3 URI.'.
'Returns the date in the format YYYYMMDD'.
'Returns True if the language is not translated.'.
'Set the ID function for the current thread.'.
'Validates the API password. DCNL :param api_password: DCN
'Returns a list of tuples (ratings, type, name) with DCNL
'Clean up the database.'.
'Decorator to apply a function to an audio object.'.
'Create a tagcloud image from a list of words.'.
'Detach a role policy to a role.
'>>> sorted(set_remove_missing()) DCNL 1 DCNL
'Main program. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'declaration_specifier : type_specifier'.
'Creates API method response for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example
'Takes an object and returns a sort key for that object.'.
'Simple test for simple cases.'.
'Write pickled object to disk DCNL Args: DCNL obj (str):
'Returns a list of all dynamic tabs for the given course and user.'.
'Parse an OAuth authorization header.
'Test installing from a wheel'.
'Get the path to the tool panel config files.'.
'Print query results.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCN
'Parse the command line for options.'.
'Fail with an error.'.
'Get all releases for an episode DCNL :param episode: DCNL :
'Returns True if x is a positive integer, else False.'.
'Returns a string indicating whether the fs_home directory should be used or not.'.
'Get the current revision number.
'Annotate content models by youtube ids.'.
'Test iterator for sparse matrices.'.
'Return True if l is a list, False otherwise.'.
'Basic test'.
'Get the history of available pools DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Moving mean. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'Add a tacher to the current user.'.
'Fill paragraphs in a string. DCNL :param s: The string to fill
'Test reading raw CTF data.'.
'Test show_weights'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a Python regular expression pattern to a Python regular expression.'.
'Replaces the string \'old\' with \'new\'.'.
'Detect the agent and return a dictionary of attributes.'.
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'make_csv_output(res, dt) DCNL :param res:
'Get the version of the system.'.
'Decode a string to utf8'.
'Check the RPC status and raise an exception if needed.'.
'Returns a datetime object for the next UTC hour. DCNL :param table_
'Returns the md5sum of a file.'.
'>>> test_import_fallback() DCNL (\'a\', \
'Normalizes line breaks. DCNL :param text: String DCNL :
'Iterate over all filenames in a directory.'.
'Run a command in a batch mode.
'Sets the nameservers to use custom DNS servers.
'Test that we can reset the device back to its original state'.
'A simple info resource.'.
'The task created page.'.
'Get a string representation of the dictionary.'.
'Returns the status code of the given unit.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Initialize the bitstring library.
'Returns the name of the user model.'.
'Apply a reduction to each element of a Group expression DCNL Examples DCNL
'Returns a string suitable for use as a User-Agent header.'.
'Parse the command line and run it.'.
'Kill greenlet with exception.
'Delete all objects in the bucket.'.
'Return True if the object is a user-defined generator function.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Compute the state of a cluster.
'List all the available extensions.'.
'Returns a string with the given separator added to the beginning of the string DCNL
'Update the fileserver configuration DCNL :param fileserver: fileserver to update
'Return a list of all job ids DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install template translations.'.
'Return a serialized User object.'.
'Plugin registration'.
'Get the block device mapping for the given volume.'.
'Only load the module if poudriere is installed'.
'Helper to check the shape of a parameter.'.
'Check if `module` and `object` are part of `module` or `
'Calculates an approximation to the weight of an array.
'Return True if synapses contains at least one synapses'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Register a scale class.
'Return the relative path to the file that is contained in the pack.
'Remove a key from memcached DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the object at the specified address, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Get all headers with the given name from the given message.'.
'Validates collection options.'.
'Install tornado ioloop.'.
'Run the matlab command line for the given job.'.
' rewrite legacy bridge configurations.'.
'Returns the integer value of a kernel variable.
'Return namespace mapping for *nspfxs*'.
'Decode a base64-encoded string. DCNL :param encoding: DCNL
'Set the given properties on an image and update it.
'Get the title from a L{layout} node DCNL :param l:
'[phrase] gets a lmgtfy.com link.'.
'Test that we don\'t try to convert long types to hyinteger.'.
'Test installing from wheel with legacy links'.
'Check if an instance is in a resize state.'.
'Run a script with the given context.'.
'Returns a string representation of a number.'.
'Check if a module exists.'.
'Print a short summary of all efuses.'.
'Triangulate a single point. DCNL Parameters DCNL x1 :
'Return a list of all branches in the specified repo.'.
'Convert Markdown to Python source.'.
'Parse input arguments.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test axes. figimage.'.
'Clones the repository.'.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'A context manager that adds a new entry to the kernel context.
'Joins two or more URLs together and returns them as a relative URL.'.
'Returns True if path is a hidden file path.'.
'Wait until the specified VM is created DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a flavor by name.'.
'Creates a zero-filled :class:`cupy.ndarray` object.
'Parse the response body and return a dictionary of status, DCNL :param response
'Return a DCT matrix.'.
'Returns a list of (word, start_index, end_index) tuples of
':param r: String DCNL :return:'.
'Given a user name, create an access key.
'Updates a stack. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Set the figure to bereshowed.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListEntry object.'.
'Check to see if the user can access the socket.'.
'Sends bulk notification data to a list of users DCNL :param registration_
'Run HTML Tidy with options and return the exit code.'.
'Raise an exception with the specified message and optional additional information.'.
'Convert a node from from from_type to_type to_text DCNL
'Returns the model class corresponding to the given app label and model name.
'Set the platform architecture.'.
'Return data to a postgres server'.
'Return fill value according to fill_value and fill_value_typ.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a unique email address for a user.'.
'Joins one or more path components to a base path component.
'Look for a method in this class.
'Runs the wireup command-line tool.'.
'Download the http:// link and return the path to the file.'.
'Update a FITS file.'.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param path: Path to move
'Test that auto closed task is deleted when open task is DCNL deleted.'.
'Test updating metadata when cache is deactivated.'.
'Wait to see deleted files.'.
'Return the value of the specified key if it is not a sysadmin.'.
'Load a certificate from a buffer.
'Return a list of all available queues DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts an identifier to a GCE-compatible name.'.
'Return the square root of a square matrix.
'Create a copy of the current environment and add the given parameters to the DCNL
'Return a unix path of the given path.
'Decode a time zone string into a datetime object.
'Returns a list of possible t1 and t2 channels.'.
'Returns the data_api module.'.
'Get a list of photos from the database and add them to the DCNL list
'Get a worker or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary DCNL type
'Stop watching a document. DCNL :param document_slug: The slug of
'Process desktop name. DCNL Args: DCNL msg: string DCN
'Convert a boolean attribute to a boolean value.'.
'Return a matplotlib rcParams object'.
'Return the browser name from the user agent string.'.
'Ensure completions are imported on global namespace without path'.
'Given an adjective, returns a string representing that adjective.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.'.
'Helper for :meth:`urlfetch_to_gcs_stub`.'.
'Get time from monotonic clock.'.
'Verifies a user\'s email.
'Parses a string representation of a timedelta object. DCNL :param ev:
'Strip the ANSI escape sequence from the string.'.
'Converts an IP number to a quad string. DCNL :param num:
'Build descriptor for enum value.'.
'Generates a list of n random words of the form ``lorem_ipsum
'Check to see if a module exists.
'Setup Sphinx extensions.'.
'Create a quota usage or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Print version information.'.
'Returns the HTTP status message for the given HTTP status code.'.
'Show the top data from the minion DCNL minion DCNL min
'Creates a new transfer job.'.
'Run jumptotab. DCNL tab_number : int DCN
'Log the status of a node.'.
'Returns the preferences as a base64 encoded string.'.
'The html index page.'.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_string4({\'x\':
'Language: pt-br -> sucess output level 2 error'.
'Add a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert special characters like \'/\', \'/\', \'/
'Test stc.get_peak.'.
'Same as a == b.'.
'Validates that \'value\' is a positive float.'.
'Return whether or not a VCS repository is installed.'.
'Same as a <= b.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Get the status of the specified core
'Return the path of the file containing the given link.'.
'Returns a cache key for HTML documents.'.
'Create a temporary directory and remove it.'.
'Process an arcGIS service.
'Given a list of template names, returns the first that can be loaded.
'Return path relative to temp directory.'.
'Append length bytes to data starting at offset.'.
'Add task_id to d if it has not been done yet.'.
'Compares two entities by their key.
'Return True if the track index has changed.'.
'Search whoosh for a dataset.'.
'Convert a time in t into a datetime object.'.
'Set the HTTPreferer header.'.
'Remove a repo from the system.
'Returns a string representation of the string sdr.'.
'Start the systemd syndic on the minion DCNL CLI Example:
'Copy the contents of a file-like object to a destination file-like object.
'Get a list of GeoJSON tiles from the configuration.'.
' cached version ofdfs_serialize'.
'Main program.'.
'Return the arg to use for the "--sharedlibrary" command.'.
'Record a payment.'.
'Wait until there are no listening PIDs in the given namespace.
'Run py.test on a standard sample.'.
'Returns the output that should not be displayed. DCNL :param outputs: DC
'Register an account.'.
'Create a cache key for a rule.'.
'Get the gcode text for a gcode file.'.
'Given an id, returns a list of urls for that id.'.
'Return the value of HACKS variable DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Make reservation expire.'.
'Create an alias of an index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt my
'Stop watching approved revisions for a product.'.
'Setup the Wink platform.'.
'Ensures that the directory `d` exists.
'Import a document to the database DCNL.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a host.'.
'Uploads an image attachment.'.
'Parses a query string and returns a list of query parts.'.
'Validates that the volume exists and is readable.'.
'Get the overhang direction.'.
'Set the Content-Encoding header to 7bit or 8bit.'.
'Enable the named sysv service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Marks a class as being renamed.
'Sanitizes HTML. DCNL Args: DCNL html_code:
'Get a child Zone or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns True if the two tokens are equal.
'Returns a list of SeqRecords matching the given fasta labels DCNL fasta_labels
'Get an enabled instance provider by ID.'.
'Get the default App ID.'.
'Hinge loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : float
'Serialize a collection. DCNL :param collection: DCNL :param collection
'Test whether sample is supervised.'.
'Get vector3 from prefix and xml element.'.
'Get all subscriptions to a user.
'Write an OAuth2 token to a file. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Returns an access key value.
'Generate a new photourl file and add it to the object store.'.
'Stop all the containers with the given name.'.
'Return True if the file is a text file, False otherwise.'.
'Add points from a segment.'.
'Find partitions from connectivity matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL connectivity : list of connectivity
'Connect to *host* and set it to *port*.'.
'Displays the help message.'.
'Queue a list of instances to the provider.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Verify that the specified package is not
'Assert that a function raises an exception if no warning is raised.
'Generates a list of column names from the first n elements of the dataset.'.
'find_p_q( nbits) -> (p, q) DCN
'Converts a string argument to an integer.'.
'Helper function to get legen-lut values.'.
'Returns a JSON string from the user feed.'.
'Returns True if s3 credentials are not provided.'.
'IDZ_sfrmi(l,m) -> int DCNL Return
'>>> mult_int_list_int()'.
'Render the response from the HTTP request.'.
'Get the number of target(s) for a host.'.
'Load a Python module from a file.
'Return True if name is a global name.'.
'Test getting completion for bash'.
'update table with new values'.
'Fixture to return a celery app.'.
'Returns a list of promoted links. DCNL :param sr_names:
'Encode an entrance exam and a student key.
'Dumps current configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A simple view that does nothing.'.
'Return the build environment.
'Perform an address-port lookup. DCNL.
'Returns True if password regular expression description is not set.'.
'Get a list of instance profiles.'.
'Run tests.'.
'Print the dot product of the expression.'.
'Update image properties. DCNL :param image_id: The ID of the
'Test that progress widget is visible when its height is different DCNL than the expected
'Return True if the item is a container, False otherwise.'.
'Evaluates the ceil of an interval'.
'Returns the id of the object.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Mark the firewall rule as off DC
'Returns a queryset of daily entries for the given model class.'.
'This is called at the end of each request.'.
'Returns True if all the source files are newer than DCNL the mtime of the
'Puts the program to a given time.'.
'ndindex(a, b)'.
'Copies a QueryOptions object to a search_service_pb.SearchParams object.
'Add pixel to the pixel table with steepness.'.
'Return True if the module\'s configuration has been changed.'.
'Read a PatchSet from a file.'.
'Run the test suite.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return a list of keys in the
'Optimizes the fgraph.'.
'Return the reader class from the `reader_name` module.'.
'Return information about the specified packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'exp(p, x) DCNL Return the series expansion of the expansion of
'Add the given certificate to the given store DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Create a group snapshot.'.
'Detach a virtual machine from a disk.
'Xpdf-distill a single document. DCNL Parameters DCNL P
'Adds a new page if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the path of the configuration file.
'Test that completer ignores identifier quotes.'.
'Get length of the polygon.'.
'Executes the given command.
'Computes a continuous confidence interval.
'Delete a task. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Remove transaction management for a running thread
'Converts a basecd value to a decimal value. DCNL :param b
'Returns True if the user has access to the forum.'.
'Return the full path to the /etc/ng/ng.conf DCNL
'Test IO inverse computation.'.
'Read data from file and return as Unicode object.'.
'Validates that test and train sizes are consistent.'.
'This view generates a feed for the given URL.
'Get the constructor for an object.'.
'Decode a string encoded with the given encoding.'.
'Returns a tuple of all supported key expressions.'.
'Extract a snapshot from disk DCNL :param disk_path: Path of disk
'Adds a profile to the user\'s profile.'.
'base64image(src) -> base64 encoded string DCNL Encode an image
'Same as a + b.'.
'Flip the axis of an array.
'Opens the state file and returns a dictionary.'.
'Tries to import all modules under \'dirname\' and \'fnames\'
'Update a task\'s configuration.'.
'Set the attributes of the element by the arguments.'.
'Rebuilds a string. DCNL :param s: The string to rebuild
'Check if arguments are valid for pandas index DCNL Parameters DCNL index :
'Login to vm DCNL vm : string DCNL user : string DCN
'Format a message for printing to the console.'.
'Write data to sock until it is ready to write. DCNL :param sock
'Return a file list from the master DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'split_env(\'/path\') --> \'/path\', \
'Create a table with a group by clause.'.
'Main program. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a single word. DCNL :param value: The word to parse DC
'User-callable function to create and return a unique temporary DCNL directory.
'Given a URL and a source domain, redirect back to the DCNL source domain
'Create an object in the db. DCNL :param table: The table to
'Serialize an instance to JSON.'.
'Given a Judment record, return the corresponding action.'.
'Read the data from the "End of Directory" record, returning a DCNL
'Computes the square root of x.
'Execute queries against ``pillar`` and return as a dict'.
'Returns a chunk of tagged tokens. DCNL Args: DCNL tagged_
'Load an image from a file. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str
'Change the working directory of the process.
'Download the dataset to the given path.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Delete tags for a node DCN
' paginated url must be a paginated URL, not a absolute URL.'.
' line number in a string'.
'Authenticate against Django\'s auth database.
'Formats a playlist. DCNL :param playlist: DCNL :param show
'Returns the short module name for the given module name and object name.'.
'Converts a string to its rank, e.g.
'Sync RPOT modules from ``salt://_run`` to the master DC
'Returns an indented string.'.
'Callback for pause_on_pp.'.
'Returns a raw array with channels decim.'.
'Fail unless an exception with the given pattern is raised with DCNL the given exception
'Yield successive chunks from the given XML DCNL :param xml: DCN
'Makes a template from a filename and a list of root_dirs.'.
'Converts a matrix to a zero-triband.
'rulesection : LBRACE'.
'Decode a signed JSON object.
'Get a specific cell or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Plot a normal probability distribution.'.
'Extract seq, qual and xml string from read data'.
'Returns the reason for the given cluster or step.'.
'Plotvert lines.'.
'Load a private key from a buffer.
'Returns a sequence of email addresses.'.
'Set the value of the named config variable DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Calculates the minimum interval for a given alpha. DCNL Parameters DCN
':param request: The request DCNL :param command: DCNL :param
'Assert that the policy is of the right shape. DCNL :param policy:
'Add an offset and a vector3 index and vector3 vertexes.'.
'Get all cells.'.
'Returns a function to auto-detect dialect/driver name'.
'Test Fourier Series square wave.'.
'Triplet loss function. DCNL Parameters DCNL anchor: float DCN
'Solve linear equation `a` and `b`.
'Updates the doc with information about available plugins.'.
'Returns the date in the format YYYYMMDDHHMMSS DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Create a new addon.'.
'Return an iterator over all spider classes in the given module.'.
'Dump a list of probes to a file. DCNL :param probes
'Returns a list of non-private exploration summary domain objects.'.
'Return the full path to the Cudart library.'.
'Test cross validation split.'.
'Calculates CUP(TU) for all known metrics DCNL ot
'Extract summary line from docstring.'.
'Returns the disk bus for the specified device type.
'Test all the cost cases.'.
'Returns a rendered template. DCNL Args: DCNL template(s):
'Get all scene seasons for the specified scene ID. DCNL :param indexer
'Parse an xml string into an xml element.
'Set the databaseMS for the current thread.'.
'Given a list of lines, return a dictionary of counts, DCNL groups,
'Update the specified revision DCNL cwd DCNL The directory to update DCN
' vis_detections(im, class_name, dets) DCNL
'Converts an integer to a hexadecimal string.
'Run make-files.'.
'Return indices of non-nan, non-nan, non-nan items.'.
'Draw a dendrogram. DCNL Parameters DCNL node : node DC
'Adds the address of the symbol that doesn\'t exist.'.
'Returns a branch, tag or None if not found.'.
':type conn: cloudbot.client.Client DCNL :type chan:
'Assert that expr1 is expr2.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL restoring a container DCNL
'Return the number of entries in a zipfile.'.
'Read LSM floating point pairs from file and return as list.'.
'Inserts the given text to the cursor.'.
'Create a new grep widget and return it'.
'Insert an element at the right of a sorted list.
'Set interactive mode DCNL :param b: DCNL :param rcParams
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the HTML or JS representation of the DCNL instance
'Returns the message level.'.
'Returns True if url is from any of the given domains.'.
'Makes a list of directory structs.'.
'Setup the WAN platform.'.
'Test writing source spaces.'.
'Returns a manual id for the given singleton. DCNL :param singleton: DC
'Returns a generator of n-grams of n-grams of a sequence.
'Returns True if there is a language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Returns the module for the specified section.
'Ensure we can tokenize integers'.
'A wrapper for masked_conv_add_coupling.'.
'Return a copy of the style element with all classes inherited from DCNL `cls
'Converts an array to an exponential-safe value.
'Returns a string containing a section name. DCNL Args: DCNL name
'Convert string to unicode. DCNL :param string: DCNL :param
'Write graph G to path. DCNL Parameters DCNL G : graph DC
'Ensure that the named service is present.
'Delete an RDS parameter group.
'\'value\' is a bytestring.
'specialized constructor. DCNL Args: DCNL signatures (dict): The
'Run a parallel map providers query. DCNL :param data: DCNL
'Lock media list item. DCNL.
'List the packages currently installed as a list of packages DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Returns True if write is enabled, else False.
'Initialize the configuration for the minion.'.
'Run a shell command.
'Get a list of requests unordered by path.'.
'Commits changes to the default database.
'Run thrift. DCNL :param options: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :return
'Converts an IPv4 address to a four byte ID.
'Calculates the first period of a random integer.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Format a single option value.'.
'Find all the entry points of the system plugins.'.
'Find all globals in this statement.'.
'TODO docs. DCNL https://github.com/astropy/ast
'Given a list of user partitions, returns a list of user partitions that are DCN
'Returns a gRPC stub to make requests to the table admin API.'.
'Show a user. DCNL :param username: DCNL :param token
'expand(gridsize) -> intrinsic DCNL expand(gridsize) DC
'Validates that the user\'s permissions are consistent.'.
'Test that the authorized_client doesn\'t have to call the customer payment method.
'Test whether a path exists. DCNL :param path: Path to check DC
'Updates volume type. DCNL :param id: VolumeType identification. DC
'Updates response headers.'.
'Takes a list of column names and returns a list of column names sorted by DC
'Open a response in a web browser.
'Uploads a file to an FTP server.'.
'A link to a user.'.
'Returns the message to display when the user has specified the permission DCNL code.
'Return an iterator over all lexer classes.'.
'Returns a string suitable for RFC 2822 compliant Message-ID, e.g:
'Return a copy of `e` with all the replacements applied.'.
'Defines the scope with parameters for inception v3 activation.
'Returns True if the input is related to the text.'.
'Compute resultant of two polynomials in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Read a bearer token from a file. DCNL :param filename:
'Updates a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parses a message type and returns a tuple of the message type and DCNL
'Test the NORB lambda function.'.
'Parses a string and returns a timedelta object.'.
'Dump a certificate request to a buffer.
'Computes the dot product of two arrays.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Sends a file to the specified ip address using the local file, DCNL
'Returns the grain model used by the proxied device.'.
'Emit the status of the given proxies. DCNL :param proxies: DC
'Returns a dictionary containing information about the user.
'Replace link rel="..." with linkrel="..." if no href="..." in the
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Load libzmq.'.
'Get a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Return True if the given object is a mapped class.'.
'Setup the local package manager.'.
'Hangingman Pattern'.
'Download a URL to a file.'.
'Puts down the scheduler and pauses the scheduler DCNL :param interval:
'Get a reversed reversed list of changeset revisions.'.
'Returns the type of the function in this function\'s decorators.'.
'Returns the type name of an object.'.
'Run the application.'.
'Destroy all quotas associated with a project.'.
'Load context from AST node.'.
'Returns True if the provided ip address is trusted.'.
'Test rl_end_of_line.'.
'Check if option is valid. DCNL :param choice: DCNL :
'Set response.status_code and response.body to something other than DCNL
'Like os.path.join, but returns a path relative to the current directory.
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5.
'Sanitize a filename. DCNL :param replacement: DCNL :return
'Minimize some code. DCNL Args: DCNL code (str):
'Get all collections. DCNL :param bus: Service bus DCNL :
':param http_body: DCNL :param http_body: DCNL
'Returns a link to the parent document of a topic.'.
'Takes a string t and returns a string encoded in hex encoding.'.
'Disable warnings.'.
':param show_name: Show name DCNL :return:'.
'Returns True if there are any invalid modules in the course_module_list.
'short line Pattern'.
'Print a message with some more information.'.
'Get the index of the shortest addition of a path and a point.'.
'Register metadata for all models.'.
'Get an event object from the master'.
'Strip leading and trailing slash from URI.'.
'Return a map of name to a list of IPv4 interfaces DCNL CLI Example
'gemm_to_gemv(a, b) -> gem
'Setup worker options.'.
'Makes a generation hash. DCNL Args: DCNL x: The
'Add a constant value.'.
'Close the connection to the device.
'Create a fake cluster.'.
'Set an expiration date in seconds. DCNL Args: DCNL delta (
'Check message extractors.'.
'Parses a time string and returns a time object.'.
'Stop a task time slot.'.
'Makes a CDF from a histogram. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Return a list of brands. DCNL :rtype: list[str
'Returns True if the system is Aqua Aqua Aqua Aqu
'Returns service module name from service model metadata.'.
'Send a message to a user.
'Return the path to a header file.'.
'Returns a tuple of elements from iterable grouped by predicate DCNL >>> partition(\'
'Return a sanitized HTML ID from a string.'.
'Returns a (package, class) tuple for the given module name. DCNL
'Crops a string to a certain length.
'Enable server in haproxy backend DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Decode a decimal number.'.
'Process media. DCNL :param processPath: Path of media DCNL
'Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the current pointer.'.
'Upgrade the current schema.'.
'Install a new app'.
'Returns True if all elements of a sequence are not sorted.'.
'Parse the range header. DCNL :param range_header: DCNL
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the current context.'.
'Apply a choice to a task.
'This function is called by the main event loop.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Test trapezoid1d model.'.
'List blobs in a VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL..
'Parse an image file and return a generator of images. DCNL :param handle
'Converts a path to its canonical form.
'Convert string to boolean value.'.
'Apply provider facts to existing facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict
'Format the file size to a human readable format.'.
'Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
'Adds a nonblank XML subelement.'.
'Render an object as a star.'.
'Return a dictionary with two results with alpha corrections DCNL removed.'.
'Return hours in days'.
'Read the Element Data of type :data:`uint` DCNL :param
'Launch all threads.'.
'Returns True if the first item in a list is skipped.
'Compute the spherical harmonic harm.'.
'Return a list of the names of all non-overlapping directories in *buf*.
'Return the hex encoding of a string. DCNL >>> hex_encoding(\'
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create a new figure. DCN
'Returns the MD5 hash of a file or None if it does not exist.'.
'Adds an item to a query.
'Test that you can edit an existing payment method.'.
'Returns the number of blocks in the course.
'Load an object from the hdf5 file.'.
'Parse an IP address and return a list of IPv4 addresses DCNL and their
'Returns an HTTP expire date. DCNL :param _expire_stype:
'Returns True if any of the elements in `sorted_elements` conforms DCN
'Get the binary representation of a number of bits.'.
'Convert a hdfs URI to a real path.'.
'Returns the series expansion of a list of integrals.'.
'Set the value of a configuration variable.
'Returns a dictionary with keys: DCNL notification_type, notification_type,
'Return True if we already have a lock on dir, False if we don\'t
'Split a filename into its component parts. DCNL >>> split generatedfilename(\'
'Return a preview of a resource.
'Safely print out a stack trace.'.
'Returns prefix for object_transient_sysmeta.'.
'Create query results from an index only query DCNL :param results: List of
'Get a list of period names.'.
'Generate a GenBank CDS feature iterator.'.
'Get current working directory.'.
'Execute queries against mysqlex and merge and return as a dict'.
'Returns the name of the region to use'.
'fills a list of strings, returning a new string DCNL with each string
'Discretize model by taking the value at *x_range* at *x
'Annotate merge annotations. DCNL Arguments: DCNL tokens_old:
'Log statistics about all registries in the cache.'.
'Get the hash of the current package commit.
'Calculate the center of a bounding box.'.
'Unregister a user DCNL.
'Check for comments.'.
'NerdTree -> NerdTree'.
'Return the timestamp id of the given table.'.
'>>> test_close() DCNL True DCNL >>> test_close
'Return true if the object is defined.'.
'Step 5 product category.'.
'Coerce \'array\' to a categorical array if possible.'.
'encode_as_multipart( multipart_container, boundary) -> string DCNL
'Returns a list of colors for a preference.'.
'Return the directory containing the crash information for the specified host.'.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Creates reg numbers.'.
'Initialize the glance store.'.
'It should ensure that the scenario contains a hash within double quotes.'.
'Returns a generator of (x, y) for the correlated normal distribution.'.
'Normalize a locale string.'.
'Find the last keyword in a list of SQL statements DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Save profiling information to disk.'.
':param dir_name: Directory to check DCNL :param dir_name:
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'M-A-M(M)'.
'Finds the indentation for the given node.'.
'Update a namespace or raise if ns not found'.
'Returns the mean of all log statistics DCNL Parameters DCNL ignore : list
'Tries to find a backend for a specific gui.
'Return the location of the qiime temp directory.'.
'Create a replication group.
'Setup the component.'.
'Set the context of the media player. DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Run a command.
'Return a union of all nodes in iterable.'.
'Test PackageFinder installs pre-releases.'.
'Returns True if arg has method.'.
'Returns a human readable time string.'.
'Render the current page.'.
'Get a list of products.'.
'Get a list of changes.'.
'Get the maximum number of free network slots for this hypervisor DCNL CLI Example:
'Get all clients.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Test whether flattener layer state separate.'.
'Return information about the distro release DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Call the tadm command with the given arguments.'.
'Fail unless exc_class is not raised by callable_obj.'.
'A helper function for redirect_with_params.'.
'Get child elements by local name.'.
'Modify the hosts. DCNL :param host_filter_data: Filters out
'Remove initial_data field.'.
'Return status, headers, body for a critical error.
'Takes a dictionary of attributes and sets those attributes to DCNL the value of
'Test rl_backward_delete_char.'.
'Convert a Julian date (or sequence) to a Julian date (or sequence
'Loads all meta-sources.'.
'Returns the value of the named attribute of the given object.
'Return (user, group, crontab_dir) for this minion.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Manage the mode of the minion
'>>> cython_enums() DCNL [\'a\', \'
'Determine if input array is a dummy array.'.
'roll a matrix along a given axis'.
'Fetches a single file from the url and writes it to the file DCNL
'Sets the default URLconf for the current thread.'.
'Fix filename and line number of records in a list of dictionaries.'.
'Encodes and returns a mirror URL. DCNL :param raw_url_
'Defines a lenet arg scope.
'Returns reStructuredText document for the given module. DCNL :param toc_
'Return a properly formatted job dict'.
'Split a string into a list of unquoted newlines. DCNL :param stmt
' overwrite non-novel-deltas for a baseline data set DCNL
'Recursively walk all revocation control files under dirname DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Convert from lat to zone name.'.
'Gets a virtual interface. DCNL :param address: DCNL :
'Get boolean from dictionary.'.
'Return a query for all activities from groups that user is following.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
' extrudefiles a list of filenames.'.
'Computes the similarity of two objects.
'Run tests from a test suite.
'Returns a date in the format: DCNL :param format: DCNL
'Remove universal flags from config vars.'.
'Edit a post.'.
'Run a test setup script.
'The main function.'.
'Return an image with the given faces applied.'.
'Returns a list of national numbers formatted according to the given number.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create a new scp command'.
'Return a random tweet.'.
'Call a function and then return a Deferred which will be called with the DCNL
'Get the size of the screen on Windows.'.
'Returns the concatenation of the given strings.'.
'Set the x-val and y-val color of all light.'.
'Returns the key for the active configuration.'.
'List all incidents. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt my
'Change the status of an activity.
'Lifts the dialog tree.'.
'Get an album by its ID'.
'Get the audit info for the current request. DCNL :param user_id
'Get a manager instance from the configuration file.'.
'Mount all cgroups on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Save a model. DCNL Args: DCNL model_file_name
'Read from the cache file DCNL :param filename: DCNL :param
'Detects if we can connect to any of the devices.'.
'Test plotting evoked field.'.
'Load media library. DCNL.
'Set current video aspect ratio. DCNL.
'If we are running in a Windows-specific environment, set sys.stdout and sys
'Determine if a path is added.'.
'Returns the amount of space allocated to the logs.'.
'Returns True if header_name corresponds to a "hop-by-hop" header
'Returns a list of the floats that are greater than zero.'.
'Grep a value from a file DCNL :param fn: Path to the
'Converts a string argument to a base-encoded string.
'Build the server configuration.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys specified as signal arguments DCNL and values as dictionaries with
'postfix_expression :fix_expression LBRACE'.
'Append a value to a variable in the make.conf DCNL Return a dict
'Returns the contents of a piped terminal, or None if the system is not a
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Group tokens by their order. DCNL :param tList: DCNL
'Combine two hashable variables.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Adds a suffix to a file name.'.
'Return a dict of all available VM images on the cloud provider with DCNL relevant
'gpu_elemwise(x) -> gpu_elemwise(x) DCN
'Get a Bbox devices scanner.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Verify that the given path is absent
'Make width property setter.'.
'Get the Nmanotification service.'.
'Return a list of known settings.'.
'get tolerance for item'.
'Starts a web server. DCNL :param ip: IP address DCN
'Get the version string from the package initialization file.'.
'Returns the URL for the given path.'.
'Test that the history flushes and stores the output in a file.'.
'Updates a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the fib() of the given number.'.
'Recursively recursively call resolve_all on all objects in a DCNL nested data structure
'Returns the gradient of ridge penalty.
'Return the directory of the process with the given pid.'.
'Makes sure the result is a geometry.'.
'Testbasics with PyOpenSSL.'.
'Create a configuration parser from a config file.'.
'Creates a new usage key.
'Get a random integer within a range.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL. DCNL >>> escape(\'
':param bot: The bot instance DCNL :return:'.
'A view that returns an unproxied response.
'Get the timestamp from the given URL. DCNL :param url: DCN
'List active virtual machine names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Create a new group snapshot from the values dictionary.'.
'Returns the cache key for the current language.'.
'Return The description for the plugin type.'.
'Decorate a function to be called when the profile of the current thread is DCN
'Returns a numpy matrix of length n.'.
'Computes polynomial GCD of ``f` in ``K[X]`
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a single space character (\'%\
'Fits an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL width: int DCN
'Save facts in local file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str
'Only load if mako is available.'.
'Given a course_id and a user, returns a badge for the user.
'Iterate over all tracebacks in logdir files. DCNL :param logdir:
'Render an abstract page. DCNL :param section_div: DCNL
'Display an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL imarray : ndarray DCN
'Returns an iterator that yields chunks of size chunk_size.'.
'Get the phrase text for the head of the token list.'.
'Only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than DCNL the
'Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the given Form.'.
'Given a cache subnet group name, check to see if the given subnet group exists.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Generate random slice from shape.'.
'Load metadata from a string. DCNL :param data: DCNL :
' changed languages with no args'.
'Compute error. DCNL Parameters DCNL cross_correlation_max :
'Returns a dictionary with key=value pair as keys and value as DCNL values
'Check that the input data has a reasonable number of components.'.
'Return the path to the zipline source files.'.
'Transform a response into a ParseResult.'.
'Return n as a float or None if n is None.'.
'Returns the URL for deleting a comment.'.
'Returns a verbose label for a filter.'.
'Converts a date to a human readable date string.'.
'Execute apf command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List the running ps command with the given number. DCNL :param num:
'Delete an option group.
'Play a sound file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str):
'Helper function to build a route from a path.'.
'Disconnects from the current session.'.
'Returns a list of files that have been reviewed.
'Recomputes the URL from the WSGI environment.
'Assert that the output does not contain the given text.'.
'Parses a key vault ID.
'A simple 2D projection of a rectangular box.'.
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Check that all cartesian components have the same cartesian DCNL representation as other
'Check that the mean and variance are empty and that there are no DCNL data
'Create a new :class:`py.io. terminal_writer` instance.
'Return True if the given object is a parent of DCNL the given class.
'Plot a configuration diagram. DCNL Parameters DCNL tseries : DCN
'Return lines with common indentation removed.'.
'Updates provider_location. DCNL :param provider_location: DCNL
'Get the container view for a given service instance.
'load_library(library, name=None, lib_cls=None) DC
'Save images to disk.'.
'Create a response with the given headers and body and status code.'.
'Track certificate events. DCNL :param user: DCNL :param course
'Return boolean value of option.'.
'Create a new release.'.
'Register a user.'.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Returns a list of products for the given store.'.
'Save the description to the database.'.
'Handle a failed reddit entry. DCNL :param fail_text: A
'Returns a list of metrics related to the given locale.'.
':param message_body: DCNL :param message_body: DCNL
'Computes the mean, variance, mean of each individual in a list of DC
'Check for availability of population availability DCNL :param unit_id: The unit
'Check that the atciqd function works as expected'.
'Get all qos specs for volume type.'.
'Cancel all API calls.'.
'Returns the number of bytes required to hold n bytes of a given DCNL length
'Update download supernav when published.'.
'Remove all the files from the filesystem'.
'Get a list of all widgets.'.
'Check if we are running in the App Engine environment.'.
'Computes the maximum number of mutual incoherence between two points.
'Wait to see if any warnings are logged.'.
'Get the metadata of a PDB file or a stream.'.
'Converts a string to an integer.'.
'Prints out a bucket\'s access control list.
'Default router factory method.'.
'Adds a null handler to the root logger.'.
'Get the match for a particular transport DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of recordings with the given MusicBrainz echoprint
'Search for a key in a sorted list of strings DCNL seq: list of
'Returns a low-level low-level low-level low-level low-level
'Transform the exception but keep its traceback intact.'.
'Check for None values.'.
'Get a list of provider portals for a particular payment account.'.
'Creates an embedded plot.
'Check if the status register adrs bit is set to something other than DCNL
'Returns a gid counter.'.
'Convert a CFArray to a list.'.
'Get the tetragrid from the elementNode.'.
'Translates a long option.'.
'Run a list of tests on a VM.'.
'Determine which class to use based on its type.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Push changes from a git repository.'.
'Returns the total volume for a meter.
'Return a list of command-line arguments for the current DCNL interpreter\'s
'If package_data_dict contains package paths, we need to fix that DCN
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convenience function to construct and return an HTTP connection.'.
'Return a matrix that precesses the given epoch.'.
'Get all quotas associated with a project.'.
'Return a deep copy of d1 and deep copy of d2.
'Filters h according to freqd(h) DCNL Parameters DCNL h
'Pure optimization of a theano graph DCNL Parameters DCNL fgraph :
'Joins a list of strings into a single string.'.
'Return a symbolic tensor variable.
'Computes the kinetic energy.
'Return the intersection of elements in a and b.'.
'Profile a function. DCNL Args: DCNL prof_id: The
'Convert an array to a given dtype.
'Get matrix key.'.
'Get the validators used to validate IP addresses.
'helper function to do a map operation on a single element DCNL :param element
'List all environments DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the terminal is ready to read other data.'.
'Deletes all empty folders. DCNL :param check_empty_dir:
'Converts a locale name into a standardized locale name.'.
'Polynomial multiplication. DCNL Args: DCNL h_fft: The
'Returns a dictionary from an object\'s __dict__ DCNL :param obj
'Return True if we should skip this module.'.
'Create a file client'.
'Returns the KMZ representation of the given KMZ string.'.
'Join a group. DCNL Args: DCNL avatar (str): The
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Format the time. DCNL :param when: DCNL :return:
'Returns True if the object is a tool load error.'.
'Get a list of field values.'.
'Returns True if the given language is found in the list of language strings.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Generate roots and weights for roots and weights DCNL Parameters DCNL n :
'Recursively zips a sequence of strings, returning a new iterator DCNL containing the
'Test that a dummy model extension can be loaded.'.
'A context manager which is a nested context manager.
'Write a value to a GPIO.'.
'Convert ec2 id to internal id DCNL :param ec2_id: ec
'Set the global site URL for the generator.'.
'Apply the given function to the match groups.'.
'Reset scores to zero.'.
'Main program.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Remove transaction management for the current thread
'Get gcode text without redundant mcode.'.
'Return True if a rectangle is small in the given precision.'.
'Test that Enhancements are supported.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Update a container DCNL path
'Create a directory. DCNL :param dirname: Path to directory DCNL
'Test censure color image detection with unsupported keypoints'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Calls sudo_preserve on
'Validates the actions for the target.
'GLIROT normal distribution. DCNL Args: DCNL shape (
'Move the cursor up to the end of the line, then copy the margin DCN
'A view that returns the list of JavaScript files.'.
'XOR the buffer \'buffer\' with the key \'key\''.
'Split a list of frags into a list of line numbers. DCNL :
'Truncates a string to a certain number of words.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Converts a location string to a URL.
'Check if SMOTEV needs to be fixed.'.
'Output the graph for Texinfo.
'Computes the difference between two images.
'Gets a list of comments for the given object and stores them in a DCN
'Returns the user associated with the given token.
'Remove HTML tags, attributes, and styles from a string.'.
':type repo: cloudbot.CloudRepository DCNL :type node: str
'Only load the module if boto is installed'.
' review a review. DCNL :param int id: The ID of the review
'Returns a human readable lookup expression.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Find the first level directory in a path. DCNL :param path: Path
'Attach a volume from the values dictionary.'.
'Get unique vertexes.'.
'Print a list of all available interfaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the class of an object.'.
'Returns the value of the option for the given method.'.
'solves an absolute term.'.
'Test es2 functionality.'.
'Ask if the answer is yes, return true if the answer is yes'.
'Get the limit parameter from the request.'.
'Converts the given HTTP response object to a Python dictionary.'.
'Do a pull on the GitHub repository.'.
'Return the number ofctids available. DCNL Args: DCNL current
'Returns a new :class:`SSLSocket` instance.
'Log a successful login.'.
'Parses the message limit. DCNL :param limit: The number of message
'Test that numpy\'s random number generator works as expected'.
'Run migrations in \'offline\' mode.
'Fetches the user preferences for the specified user.
'Convert an HTML column into a LaTeX string.'.
'Returns a list of supported modules.'.
'Create a payment cart and return the payment data.'.
'Reset permissions for given DocType'.
'Evaluates a list of definitions for an annotation.
'Returns True if the value is a simple type.'.
'Scale the image.'.
'Log the query count for the given name point.'.
'Convert a sequence of numpy.ndarray or numpy.ndarray into a single DCNL
'Computes the angle in degrees Celsius DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Returns a template\'s ID from the given template\'s name.
'Returns the IP address of the remote host.'.
'Get the first item from a collection.'.
'Get user\'s home directory.'.
'Return a hash of all the given conda packages.'.
'Return True if the given filename is a text file, False otherwise.'.
'Get the currently active view.'.
'Get if the point is close in an inline direction.'.
'Converts an integer to a long integer.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check that all arguments to Lower
'Truncate fasta seqs and quality scores DCNL fasta_seqs: list
'Check for horizontal spacing around parent lines.'.
'Set common initialization options for LDAP DCNL :param url: DCNL :
'This method checks for the existence of vRouter on the vCenter DCNL CLI
'Returns the version of pkgin DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup Vera binary sensor devices.'.
'Translates a string according to gtable 850 encoding'.
'Calculates the self-similarity matrix for a set of feature vectors.
'Format a number of bytes as a human-readable file size.'.
'Serialize data to a pickle. DCNL :param data: DCNL :
'Returns whether the request has the given permission.'.
'Get prototype values from a prototype dictionary.'.
'Get a sailthru user list or create it if it doesn\'t exist
'Run all the test packages.'.
'Test color conversion between label IDs.'.
'Returns the version of dipy.'.
'Returns the md5 hash of a word.'.
'Return a list of base classes of cls\'s base classes.'.
'test Core INSERT statements each time'.
'Setup the ZigBee switch platform.'.
'unquote_slashes(text) -> string DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Create an annotated table from data.
'Remove volume type access for project.'.
'Show the persona details.'.
'Create a new virtual pool DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL.
'Test that a file cannot be read with arbitrary format.'.
'Encrypt data using OHSA algorithm. DCNL :param data: The data
'Create a fake KQueue.'.
'Table with no header'.
'Delete the metadata item.'.
'Parses a Circ entry. DCNL :param entry: The entry to
'concat_maybe_tuples(vals) -> tuple DCNL Concat elements of vals
'Increase stream retention period to retention_hours.
'Parse a string according to RFC 822 compliant date format.'.
'Get active website users'.
'split(path) -> list DCNL split(path) -> list of path
'Adds two arrays of length repeat to output, DCNL where repeat is the
'Get the name of the revision label for a repository.'.
'Makes relativee relative to basepath.
'Decode a string encoded timestamp. DCNL :param encoded: DCNL :
'Returns True if the given path is hidden.'.
'Run a command and return its output. DCNL :rtype: int'.
'Test io.w function.'.
'Return the status for the given job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new IntEnum member object.
'Add or remove a repo from Zypper.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
' physical INFORMATION Section 9.4.12'.
'Return a correct answer to the given atoms.'.
'Only load if the oslo module is available'.
'Validates that the image is a valid byte string.'.
'Return a list of tile coordinates.'.
'A demonstration showing how to translate between two words. DCNL Args: DCN
'Return True if the given locale is available.
'Return the path to the template directory of the current theme.'.
'Test creating a working copy from a source URL.'.
'Compares two lists of tokens and returns True if they are the same DCNL
'Test that fill_value is correctly set on masked columns.'.
'Wraps a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Read a 4bit integer from a file-like object.
'Get the package ID for a pkg file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return the full path to the Makefile.'.
'Test two active items.'.
'Generate a random integer ID. DCNL :param minimum: The minimum number of
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.io
'Apparent position in true coordinates.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Given a subnet ID or name describe its properties.
'Ensures that the distance matrix is a valid distance matrix.'.
'Format the x-axis of a timeseries.'.
'Test the training function.'.
'Encode a set. DCNL >>> b_encode_set([\'a\
'Return true if the object is a :class:`tree.tree` instance.
'describe dhcp_options'.
'Check the distance between two gcrs.'.
'Get the local name of the attribute.'.
'Escape script tags. DCNL :param text: DCNL :param text
'Get new repository.'.
'Extracts a member from the zip file.'.
'Takes a list of feature vectors and returns a new list of feature vector DCN
'Get raw data.'.
'Register a formatter class.
'Return a list of sentences from a list of tagged sentences.
'Converts a dictionary of context values to a string.'.
'Returns the class from the given module path. DCNL :param class_path
'yaml: locks DCNL Execute the locks. DCNL :param registry:
'Join left and right with optional join_to_left.
'Never mark tests as skipped'.
'List members'.
'Get the inputs and outputs of a rule.
'Enable or disable a feature feature request. DCNL :param url: DCN
'Get the mysensors notification service.'.
'strings.rfill does nothing'.
'Returns a list of zone names for the current node.'.
'Validates a Google Cloud Storage bucket name.
'Test that the angular momentum of a cylindrical cylindr
'Returns a reference to the entity group.
'Adds a regularization scheme to the weights of a tensor.
'Returns a Tensor containing the shape of a tensor with `n_ones` DCN
'Returns True if the architecture is X64'.
'Test phase_slope index.'.
'Register a callback to be invoked when the application is about to be DCNL final
'Generate a base64-encoded cookie string.'.
'get- spider-stats'.
'check the vtkey value from the md5 hash DCNL :param md5
'Print out the given data.'.
'Create an orthogonal random matrix of length dim.'.
'Return a deep copy of some keys from in_dict.'.
'Coerced a path to a filesystem-like object.'.
'permutation_test_score( estimator, x, y, groups) DCN
'Update the float value of a file DCNL :param path: Path to the
'A context manager that ensures warnings are logged correctly.
'Open a poudriere file and return its file descriptor.'.
'Test installing from a double-install distribution.'.
'Make sure the world can be parsed back to its original form.'.
'Checks whether user can delete dictionary.'.
'Returns the URI portion of the query string. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Check if the refname contains any invalid references. DCNL :param refname
'Returns a list of fake entries for the specified worker group.'.
'Makes a histogram from a list. DCNL Args: DCNL t
'Converts a string or int to a signum. DCNL :param signum
'Creates an instance of the generic script.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Return a copy of the given dictionary.'.
'Computes the intersecting region of a trust region.
'Expand shell variables. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str): Path
'Test that two join nodes don\'t connect to same inputs.'.
'Parses a GFF attribute string into a dictionary. DCNL :param attr
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL restoring a backup DCNL
'Returns a summary of URLs for a particular resource. DCNL :param resource:
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order, DCN
'Run daily promotions. DCNL Args: DCNL verbose: True
'Extract ids from a list of lines. DCNL :param lines: List of
'Returns a list of (part_index, part_nodes) tuples.'.
'Write an HTML table with fill values masked.'.
'Return an array of n random samples drawn from each stimulus of the DCN
'Convert integer index to one. DCNL Parameters DCNL index : int DC
'Creates a new dashboard. DCNL orgname DCNL name of the
'Coerce \'value\' to an integer.'.
'Given an instance cell, attempt to create a numa record and pack the DCN
'Test to ensure that the _store variable is set correctly.'.
'Context manager to start a worker.
'Returns a path relative to Django\'s static files.'.
'Determine if two variables are the same.
'Test that SAMPClientError can be instantiated'.
'Get a list of request states.'.
'Return the CRC32 checksum of a string.'.
'Returns a list of types for the given module and version.'.
'List all nictags DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Takes a list of dicts and returns a list of dicts sorted by toposort
'Prints the course\'s tabs.'.
'Load a template tag.
'Computes error function. DCNL Parameters DCNL y : ndarray DC
'Sends a PUT request.
'Revokes an access token on an aff4_path.
'Returns True if x is an intlike.'.
'Post-processes matches. DCNL Args: DCNL matches (dict):
'Make sure text is unicode.'.
'Convert a native list object to a Python list object.'.
'Return the entries published on this site.'.
'Re-initializes the package cache.'.
'Render a single page.'.
'Validates that the provided string contains only one instance of repoweb.'.
'Get the latest episode of a series'.
'Converts an object into a sequence.
'Test filtering with ICA.'.
'Print a format string for a struct type.'.
'Returns a list of stories from a file.'.
'Returns the tag for the current ABI tag.'.
'List all the floating IPs associated with the account.
' saturate a color by percent'.
'Get API method for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Creates prefix notification. DCNL :param outgoing_msg: DCNL
'Read chunks from a file and write them to a stream.'.
'Send an message with the data'.
'Helper function to get backing from a memory mapped object.'.
'Load a subclass of a platform.'.
'Converts a string to a space separated string.'.
'Remove a file or a directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'OpenCL test function. DCNL Args: DCNL *args* DC
'Returns the IP address of the request.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is upstart or
'declarator : LBRACE'.
'Takes a list of service names and returns the max_name_width DCN
'Configures BGP on the network device DCNL :param file_name:
'>>> tryimport test_tryimport() DCNL enter DCNL exit
'Test that multiproc is set to False.'.
'Kill image metadata.'.
'Set the default editing mode for Emacs.'.
'Create an ELB policy.
'Index page: displays all changesets'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Return an :class:`OrderedDict` with information about the DCNL data
'Compute the sign of a timedelta object.'.
'Convert a string of bytes to a long integer.'.
'Get the datastore type for this app.'.
'Computes the average of two arrays.
'Moves a gcode linear move file.'.
'List all the resource pools for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Returns the type of a subscription.
'Given an HTTP response, return an HTTP response object with injected HTML DCNL
'Returns the HMAC-SHA256 of the given key and etag.'.
'Yield (labelname, groups, colors, data_color_order) for each
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if the features are
'Return the full url to the Bootstrap theme documentation.'.
'Return a filter to check if a group has volumes.'.
'Get a SQLAlchemy engine.'.
'Safely get a design from the database.
'Returns a count of matching items in a list.'.
'Unban a user. DCNL :param username: username. DCNL
'Translates a string according to the modifier dictionary'.
'Send and receive packets at layer 2 DCNL sendt and receive packets at layer
'Rename transcripts. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :
'Returns a list of models for the given app labels.'.
'Sends a reply to the currently configured message.'.
'Removes IAM tokens from a string.'.
'Check to see if the path is a reparse point'.
'Returns the md5 hash of the given password.'.
'Make sure Qt log is ignored.'.
'Get all remote methods. DCNL :param resolver: resolver DCNL :
'Return a tuple of attempts, date and matches for the given ticket.'.
'Refresh the firewall policy from the given policy file.'.
'Add slave zones.'.
'Test that we can connect to the dcos API'.
'take(iter, num) -> list DCNL Return a copy of iter with
'Makes a valuation from a list of concepts.
'Test listing a container that has an empty LTI listing.'.
'Return a list of words from the given line.'.
'Index_pages - displays all pages'.
'Returns an ordered set containing all column specs for attribute columns.'.
'Raise an error if the where is not in a nested structure.'.
'Get the direction vector between the below loops.'.
'Return the contents of the process with the given pid.'.
'Test that min_informative_str gives the same result as min_in
'Load collection class. DCNL :param configuration: DCNL :param logger
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'<domain> - gets information about whois.'.
'Creates a list of tool_dependency objects.
'Log information about the given string.'.
'Initialize a flowgram file with the given parameters. DCNL :param filename:
'Calculates the age of a given date. DCNL :param date:
'Creates a bitstring with the specified bit size and DCNL delaywrite is
'Only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than DCNL a
'Converts an expression into a list of Expression objects. DCNL :param expression
'Returns True if the value is less than the argument'.
'Returns XLS representation of Databook.'.
'Get bandwidth usage for a given instance.'.
'>>> mathml(\'test\', \'test\', \'test
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Convert an unsigned integer to a string.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains `count` times.
'Get elementNode by key.'.
'Context manager to temporarily override sys.stdout and sys.stderr.'.
'Delete an event DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check whether two objects are close to the same time.'.
'Plot the data and observation points.'.
'Parse a list of hosts. DCNL :param list_of_hosts:
'Get information about a retention policy.
'Check if the configuration is configured.'.
'Parse the PASV response for a PASV request.
'Start a VM. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Check that all required fields are present.'.
'Ensure that it\'s possible to add a suffix to an output format.'.
'Returns a unified diff between old_pipeline_definition and new_pipeline_definition.
'Get the absolute path of an object\'s source file.
'Get the distance between the old location and the new location.'.
'Read style files from a directory and return a dictionary.'.
'Compute factors product.'.
'Get media list. DCNL.
'Pure detection. DCNL Parameters DCNL mx : array DCNL
'Returns a list of all objects that match the regex.
'Returns information about the image.'.
'Generate the CRC16 table. DCNL Args: DCNL num: int
'Indent a string. DCNL :param s: DCNL :param width
'Show fake semantic data.'.
'Moves a ship at x and y by speed.'.
'The restful handler for certificate activation requests.
'Returns a list of settings.'.
'Get the tag name of a node.'.
'Create a HEAD command. DCNL :param repo: Path to the repository DC
'Return True if the path is a symlink.'.
'>>> bench_r7 DCNL 1 DCNL 1 DCNL
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Calls a command with arguments from
'Removes leading and trailing line breaks from a string.'.
'Computes the cross-entropy. DCNL # Arguments DCNL y
'Get a work by id.
'Efficiently blend an image DCNL Parameters DCNL img :
'Creates a file or a directory.
'Connect to the TLSV1 server and do a handshake.'.
'A square-free square matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL cdfvals :
'Deletes a single config item DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a ``Ponym`` object for the given app.'.
'Build a new request type.
'Returns barcode, raw_seq from sequence DCNL curr_seq: sequence
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test update_follower DCNL service
'Open a file-like window for the specified object.'.
'Create a cache cluster.
'Returns true if may_be_null is nullable.'.
'Convert an integer to a symbol.'.
'Remove any non-blacklist characters from filenames.'.
'generate_strings(total_strings:int, string_length:int) ->
'Creates a new authentication token store.
'Computes vector division. DCNL Args: DCNL one (one
'Generate a random string of specified length.'.
'Log result to logger if naglog is enabled.'.
'Commits changes to the database.
'Return the hash of a resource.'.
'Creates a new channel.
'Write documentation to a file or a directory.'.
'Returns a string representation of a serial number.'.
'Find the utmp file.'.
'Get a list of changed changesets revisions for the specified repository.'.
'Get all the names of all attributes of an object.'.
'Return eigenvalues of adjacency matrix G with weight ` weight`.
'Computes the R^(x) value of the R^(x)
'A generator to process a streaming change. DCNL :param exclude_types:
'Return the desargues graph.'.
'Close the connection to the MNIST dataset.'.
'Determine the appropriate sockets for all modules. DCNL :param addr_space
'Returns the intersection of two lists.'.
'Helper function to convert a forward dict to a fixed or not.'.
'wrap(x, m) -> (x + m) DCNL Return the
'Import a library from XML.
'Returns the full path to the desired package.'.
'Returns the URL for the user\'s anonymous view.'.
'Get the value of a dictionary.
'Only load if firewall is enabled.'.
' STATUSEN ENQUIRY Section 9.1.51'.
'Ensure we can count multiple inner tokens'.
'Get the grains from the grains cache'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Locate the web server path for the given site description.
'Returns the JSON representation of the given Python object.'.
'Deletes the specified file.
'Takes a list of class instances and checks them to see if they DCNL
'SharedVariable constructor for scipy.sparse matrices.
'expression : MINUS expression DCNL | MINUS expression DCNL | MIN
'Test box points.'.
'Removes hidden settings.'.
'Returns n-sized plural form of model `obj`'.
'Install flocker on all nodes.
'Test process is not started.'.
'Assert that \'first\' is equal to \'second\'.
'Delete an object that is expired.'.
'URL-encodes the given value.
'Invalidates module pricing cache. DCNL :param driver_type: DC
'Get all available regions for the CloudWatch service.
'Return a table header for a column.'.
'Computes the entropy of a tensor DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'statement : NAME EQUALS expression DCNL | expression DCNL | expression DC
'Remove leading/trailing whitespace from text.'.
'Register a bundle. DCNL Args: DCNL name: The name of
'Calculates the hash of a string. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Attempt to parse ats file and return a (ts, set, num) tuple
'Reset a user\'s password.'.
'Find all repeats in the given array.
'Tries to guess the value of the given string using the given options.'.
'Helper function to fake _run_horcm_running.'.
'Return True if the element at the start of the document, False otherwise.'.
'Get old package revision license ids.'.
'Set up a colormap.'.
'Returns histogram and scalar summary.'.
'Returns a list of published categories.'.
'Register a volume class.'.
'Returns a list of (start, end) tuples for each element in the score matrix
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCN
'Waits for the Windows system to be standby. DCNL :param
'Ensure we don\'t download any failed hosts.'.
'Compute the integer expansion of ``x`` in ``m` in ``l`
'Helper function to update a gecos parameter DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Check if media is parsed. DCNL.
'Test raw data.'.
'Unpack a file from a URL to a location.
'Create a stext box with the given size.'.
'Return the latest downloadable changeset revision that contains any missing tool tests DCNL
'Parse url and return a URL object.'.
'Efficiently solve a jit problem.'.
'Update a resource. DCNL zone DCNL name of zone DCNL
'Convert a resource to a ResourceRecordSet.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Clears the task instances for all dags'.
'Returns the frontend url'.
'Helper function to plot a single plot.'.
'Returns whether or not the user has completed the course.'.
'Get device pointer attribute.'.
'Test MNE inverse computation with bad channels'.
'Return a list of processes in the KDBG address space.'.
'Converts a string to snake case.'.
'Returns a JSON object from a requests response object.'.
'Get the intersection of all XIntersections tables.'.
'Insert an axis into an array along its strides.'.
'Get a list of project names from the config.'.
'Returns True if entry_1 and entry_2 refer to the same directory.'.
'Default callback method.'.
'>>> imprint(input_arr) DCNL enter DCNL enter
'Get or set the current theme.
'Read registry keys.'.
'Get list of scheduler events for given event. DCNL :param event: event
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run main function'.
'Check that the name of the field is in data_fields.'.
'Format the generated config header.'.
'Fetches the versions for a toolshed repository.
'Parse cap-GIS location xml element.'.
':param source_port: DCNL :param dest_ip: DCNL
':param template_name: The name of the template to load DCNL :param
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9.1.51'.
'Get the version filename.'.
'Returns JSON representation of Databook.'.
'Get schema for action parameters.'.
'Returns (dlog, var_dlog) where dlog, var_d
'Check that completions are followed by an import DCNL :param datetime: DCN
'Returns the state of the specified node. DCNL :param id_: DC
'Takes a device dict and returns a formatted string DCNL :param dev:
'Extracts the HTTP status code and log message from an exception.'.
'Returns the MD5 hash of a file or None if it does not exist.'.
'Get the application ID from the environment variables DCNL :param domain_name:
'Detach the specified zone from memory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encrypt data. DCNL :param key: The key to encrypt DCNL
'List storage accounts. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Write a table that contains invalid IPA characters.'.
'Create a symbolic link at ``source`` to ``dest`` DCNL
'Generates a random number within a given number of bits.'.
'Check the number of jobs to run.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Read a link from the /etc
'Get current capture loglevel.'.
'Parse a list of key/value strings into a dictionary.'.
'load show list from db'.
'Make sure the write is written to disk DCNL :param repo: Path to
'send_wait_key(a) -> wait_key(a) DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create a file-like object that
'Add a schema entry for a type.
'Decodes strings to unicode.'.
'Convert a UTC date to a UTC datetime.'.
'Transform a matrix by a center point.'.
'>>> test_job() DCNL 1 DCNL test_job()
'Find a resource by its name or id.
'Test that the eigenvectors are aligned'.
'Returns True if we are running in development mode, else False.'.
'Validates that the value is of length `max_len` from the datastore.
'Escapes a string for use in HTML.'.
'Returns a list of (key, value) pairs for each track in the list.
'Register a klass as a type.
'Gets the date from a string and returns the date in a YYYYMM
'Format an IPv6 address.
'Parse assigned metadata. DCNL Parameters DCNL csvfile : str DCN
'Check if the given host is in the whitelist.
'Delete a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'A list of available widgets'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Lift(abs(x)) -> abs(x)'.
'Get the last argument by reference.'.
'Generate translations.'.
'Returns True if graph is a threshold graph.
'Returns the AWS account ID from a trail ARN.'.
'Piercing Pattern'.
'Assert that an event conforms to the datasource protocol.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Update VMX path.'.
'Return a list of all static unit names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Convert schemata into a dictionary. DCNL :param schema: DCNL
'Forces the program to exit.'.
'Compute polynomial expansion of ``f`` and ``g``.
'A context manager to temporarily disable the bufferedits.
'struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union'.
'Convert a ctypes array to a numpy array.
'Creates a query to filter documents based on FilterForm arguments'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts the type of lookups specified in a lookup dict into a DCNL dictionary
'Process XModule assets.'.
'Takes a machine object and converts it into a machine dict.'.
'Print error message and exit.'.
'Check if the specified device is mounted.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Determine if the segment is within an intersection.'.
'Print a list of available languages.'.
'Convert from rads to rads (e.g.
'\'{\', \', \', \', \', \', \', \
'Returns the URL for the evidence application.'.
'Test keyhint type bindings.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Scale the value between inlow and outlow.'.
'Returns a list of ids for the current request.'.
'User detail. DCNL :param username: User username. DCNL :
'A simple cellisrule. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DC
'Get the names of all directories under the given directory name.'.
'Convert a model to an entity schema.'.
'Remove a bridgeset. DCNL container DCNL container DCN
'Get the float.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Sample from a mixture distribution. DCNL Args: DCNL x:
'Single currency view page'.
'Verifies that the code is old-style and is up-to-date.
'definition_type : declaration_type DCNL | declaration_type'.
'Returns a list of all available translations.'.
'ASSIGNMENT RESPONSE Section 9.1.51'.
'resolve(x, default=None) -> pdfobjref DCNL Return
'Event handler for when an identity is loaded.'.
'Return True if the config file contains a valid password.'.
'Count the number of records in a Biff file.
'Install `PGI` package.
'Return a deferred that will fail with the given result.'.
'Delete an instance info cache entry.'.
'Print equalitypreds. DCNL Args: DCNL equality_preds
'List all repositories. DCNL :rtype: dict[str, str]
'Returns a list of all doctests in the directory `text_file_dir`
'Fetch the value of an option.'.
'Return True if all is true.'.
'Anonymize a MAC address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Format a list of arguments for printing.
'Check if system state has been changed.
'Creates the root page and redirects to the create view.'.
'Convert an open interval to an open interval.'.
'Default account settings page.'.
'Test cross product.'.
'Get support mail address.'.
'Parse a string according to RFC 822 compliant date format. DCNL :param
'Return ISO 8601 representation of a datetime object.'.
'Return a threshold value based on the mean of the details array.'.
'Read the value of a RLE header.'.
'Get a compute node by host and nodename.'.
'Test category links plugin with customer.'.
'Takes a string and returns a list of integers.'.
'Set power state. DCNL :param state: DCNL :return:
'Close the cover tilt.'.
'Extract key/value pairs from a list of parameters.
'Convert percentage to integer.'.
'Get the file name of an object.
'Returns the images table from the migration migration import'.
'Up scaling the image. DCNL Parameters DCNL image : ndarray DCN
'Returns the leading coefficient of ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'concat_xml(file_list) -> (str, str) DCNL
'Check whether f(z_t, pool_size) is correct.'.
'Ensure we are not running in a daemon mode.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replay_gain_
'Get all audit log entries.'.
'lettuce.module_completion does not accept invalid module instances'.
'Return system_metadata as a dictionary of key-value pairs. DCNL :
'Stop the virtual machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print the information returned when the specified job was executed'.
'Start a new thread. DCNL Args: DCNL function(args,
'Get a port from the database'.
'Waits for the specified number of seconds DCNL :param duration: DC
'Get average temperature. DCNL Args: DCNL temp_base: A
'Get thesheet thickness.'.
'Test stockwell API.'.
'Make sure we are in_url and out_url are in_url.'.
'Create list of strings from file. DCNL :param filepath: Path to file
'Creates a client for working with cloud block storage.
'Convert a datetime to a Gregorian ordinal.'.
'Test that sympy can handle pi'.
'500 error handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`500.html`
'Creates a list of categories from a sequence. DCNL :param bits:
'Return a filename for a renewal configuration file.'.
'Get a list of all collectors.'.
'Return the number of GPUs.'.
'Return a list of absolute paths to plugins.'.
'A view that raises an exception when there is no data available.'.
'Write a complex128 tag to a fif file.'.
'Expands a list of Column instances into a list of Column instances, DCNL
'Test fit and sample routines with indices support'.
'Check to see if a topics exists.
'Takes an iterator and returns a sorted output file.
'Returns the date of the commit that owns the given commit.'.
'Finds a release date source for the specified xblock.
'Get a connection to the mail backend.
'Get the current seed.'.
'Test that schema is not in requirements file.'.
'Deletes a thread. Confirmation on GET, action on POST.'.
'Test remote delete draft.'.
'Run all tests in test_suite.
'Inserts `values` into `tablename`.
'Get scene identity matrix.'.
'Updates a port. DCNL :param token: DCNL :param public
'Generate a random salt. DCNL :param length: The number of characters to
'Read the changes made by the directory.
'Test the learning rate of the step schedule.'.
'Check to see if the image exists.'.
'Parse the given text into a Module object.
'Helper function to raise a raised exception.'.
'Normalize the version and build strings.'.
'Create a crispy add-on for the given field.'.
'A context manager that disables the given attributes on an object.
'Marks the global lock as being a no-op.'.
'initialise module'.
'Run the EMR server.'.
'Return attachment sequence if it is not empty.'.
'Open error resource.'.
'Return an XObject with the specified length.'.
'Returns True if the session was confirmed after the specified time, False otherwise.'.
'Wait until all messages have been sent to the queue.'.
'Installs one or more packages.
'Test installing from setuptools.'.
'Test to make sure that the HTML inputter doesn\'t havebs4 lines'.
':param entry: The path to a video file DCNL :param max_depth
'Return the total volume of a invitation item'.
'Prints out the queries in the database.'.
'Return the ground domain of ``c`` in ``K[X]``.
'Returns the absolute path to a file with the given language.'.
'A scenario with inline comments'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find the application path.
'Return the address of the endpoint.
'Create a tmpdir and return its path.'.
'Returns a list of all content parents of the given item.
'Return a list of datasets that are followed by the given user. DCNL :
'Adds a \'batch_axis\' axis to a tensor.
'Prints a logo to the console.'.
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'
'Clones the repository.'.
'split_provision(provision) -> (provision name, version) DCNL split
'helper function to do the actual work of the policy fileereplaceor DCNL
'This function takes a bracket and returns a pair of DCNL (name, value
'List all teams. DCNL Args: DCNL profile (str): The
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'This calls the Wintypes GetTokenInformation function in a Unicode safe way.'.
'Set default configuration options for oslo.middleware.'.
'Yield all files under `base_path` that have the given suffix.'.
'Show the weights of a model.
'Convert naive datetime to UTC.
'Returns a JSON object containing the cohorting settings.'.
' extrudes a gcode linear move file.'.
'Get a configured oslo_messaging connection for batch notification DCNL :param transport
'Adds num_outputs to the weights of the classifier layer.
'Test that the prefix property is correctly set on all tables.'.
'Returns True if the given path is a list view, False otherwise.'.
'Test that "gemini" is properly parsed'.
'Helper to raise an exception if the extra argument is not present.'.
'Returns the total number of unwrapped bams.'.
'Helper function to create a 2D grid from 2D arrays DCNL Parameters DC
'Get multiple values from memcache.'.
'Test that extract_array gives the same result as extract_array() DCNL
'Assert that the response was returned with the given status code and the DCNL body
'<string> -- unescapes <string>.'.
'This calls the inotify_init() function in a Unicode safe way.'.
'Tries to find the base image of the given flavor and returns DCNL (
'Test E.'.
'Remove any references to any basic blocks from the function.'.
'Adds checksums to a Googlelacier request.
'Parse color list using given function. DCNL :param colors: DCNL
'A helper function to catch the request and return a tuple of the DCNL response
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type image: str DCNL :
'Test ensure_list_csv.'.
'Callback invoked when a message has been sent.'.
'Create a VBD record.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Compare NZF values. DCNL :param NZF1 NZ
'Open file path. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str): Path
'Converts a document id and sentiment to a JSON-compatible representation.'.
'Ensure that the named host is absent DCNL name DCNL The name
' merges a directory tree from src to dst DCNL :param src: Path
'description can be parsed on long named feature'.
'Find and Register a package.
'Set the uniqueverse for the current thread. DCNL :param id_or
'Return the other_endian field of the given type.
' nearest to axis DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL axis
'Prints the confusion matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL cm : ndarray DCN
'Convert a list of items to a dictionary. DCNL :param items: list
'Get all EIPs associated with an account.
'Dumps a function\'s information into a pickle.'.
'Unpacks an unsigned integer into an array.
'A blank line.'.
'Sends a notification event on a topic.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Read in a config file and return it as a dictionary.'.
'Add an extension to the salt master DCNL :param extension: The name of
'>>> over(func) DCNL True DCNL True DCNL
'Group messages by object. DCNL :param stream: DCNL :return
'Return a short string.'.
'Get the distance squared to the closest other point from the loop.'.
'Returns the indentation of the source code.'.
'Converts a datetime to a timestamp.
'A feature selection of a list of (document, class) tuples.
'List all floating IPs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns context variables for debugging purposes.'.
'Returns True if provided address belongs to provided prefix, DCNL otherwise False.'.
'Get OAuth settings. DCNL :rtype: dict'.
'Add a user'.
'Helper function to combine multiple whitespace characters into one. DCNL >>> _combine_
'Jitter the coordinates of a violin plot. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Returns True if the current process is frozen.'.
'Build all LaTeX documents.'.
'Calibration matrix'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Run Markdown from the command line.'.
'Computes the loglikelihood of AR1 parameters DCNL Parameters DCN
'Test that lexemes are less than a given value.'.
'Import a CSV file into the datastore.
'Converts incoming string to slug.'.
'Return a test suite.'.
' extend-links command-line tool.'.
'Renders a template to a string. DCNL :param template_name:
'Get the library directories.'.
'udp(src, dst, payload) -> string DCNL Create a new
'swap the elements of the matrix at index1 with elements at index2'.'.
'Print progress string. DCNL :param progressstring: DCNL :param
'Default error handler.'.
'Apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Get the concatenation of the lists.'.
'Get info about an object. DCNL Args: DCNL env: Environment
'Return True if l is a list of scalars.'.
'>>> kill( coro) DCNL enter DCNL enter DCN
'Add a multiplication(x, y) to each of the inputs of the DCN
'Get a list of inactive IDs from apns.
'Check if the given private link key is expired. DCNL :param key:
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Ancestry a path and returns a list of paths to the parent DCNL
'Sends an email when an instance is contacted or not.'.
'Start a gluster volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current user\'s phone number, or None if there is no DCN
'Remove.pyc files.'.
'Test search command with missing argument'.
'Returns an object that has the specified permission.'.
'initialise module'.
'Log an exception in the logger.'.
'Rundecompiler function.'.
'Check if we have a localization error and raise an DCNL exception if we
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Return the default configuration.'.
'Converts a sequence of bytes to an integer.
'Parse the updates line. DCNL :param rule: DCNL :param
'Log multivariate normal density DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCN
'Extract a zip file into a directory.'.
'Get the wsaaction output for an operation.'.
'Returns True if arg is an instance of :class:`vim.vim
'Check to see if the lxc service is enabled.'.
'Get all subpackages from a package.'.
'Returns the username for the given user ID. DCNL :param user_id
'Create a new database and commit changes.'.
'Returns True if value is a valid IMDB Person ID.'.
'Tests that hug\'s uuid type correctly handles uuid types'.
'Returns the access token for the given code, redirect_uri, app_id,
'Compute Diaconis bins. DCNL Parameters DCNL a : array
'Set the expiration date of a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Render a template to a file DCNL Args: DCNL template (str
'Verify a certificate. DCNL :param certificate: DCNL :param now
'Test that a random sample operation works as expected'.
'Computes the spherical harmonic distance between l1 and l2'.
'Install readline hook.'.
'Returns True if IPv6 is supported on this platform.'.
'Returns True if the given port is open on the given host.'.
'Creates and returns a new WSGIApplication.'.
' bulk build jail packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find and return a module.'.
'Parse RGB arguments. DCNL :param args: DCNL :return:
'Return a string with only the groups that are allowed. DCNL :param string
'Creates a new disk from the distribution of the Linode.
'Calculates the log-likelihood of an observation DCNL Parameters DCN
'Ensure that the dashboard is absent on the index DCNL name DCNL
'Create a new figure canvas instance.
'Initialize a test suite.'.
'Returns the md5 hash of a word.'.
'Prepends the scheme and netloc to the beginning of the url if it\'s
'Returns a list of dicts with keys \'field_name\', \'rows
'Return a list of all theme dirs under ` themes_dir`'.
'Return the literal value of a predicate or expression node.'.
'Fixture providing a keyhint view.'.
'yaml: heavy-job DCNL Set some metadata on some or all of the
'Returns the portgroup associated with a portgroup name.'.
'Get the parent module of the given module.'.
'Verify that the bucket can be written to.
'Register the file extensions.'.
'Convert unicode string to utf-8 if possible'.
'Returns True if *args* is a valid URL.'.
'Set the value of the chost in the make.conf DCNL Return a
'Summarize activations. DCNL Args: DCNL activations (
'Get NIC stats (isup, duplex, speed, mtu).'.
'Refine the value of the field.'.
'Find scene numbering. DCNL :param indexer_id: scene numbering
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Returns True if the method is a static method of the given class.'.
'Initialize game state. DCNL Args: DCNL sgf_root:
'Generate a genclientlib document.'.
'Set SSL certificate for site'.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Remove the prefix from the device name.'.
'Get the nameservers available to the system.'.
'Converts an IPv6 address in printable format into RFC1924 compliant DCNL
'Return a SQLAlchemy query object for the given model.'.
'Takes a list of Record objects and sorts them in ascending order.'.
'Create a directory tree from a list of files.
'Return a string representing the TPOT tree. DCNL :param root:
'Return an iterator over the containers on the local minion DCNL CLI Example:
'Returns the name of the given instance.'.
'Edit and execute the current buffer.'.
'Get ARN. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Set movie position. DCNL.
'Builds the VM create spec.'.
'Load summaryprotos from memcache.'.
'Extracts the PyOpenSSL-backed SSL-support class from PyOpenSSL
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if all nodes are independent of the given set of nodes.'.
'Get the binary representation of a layer.'.
'Returns a vCenter\'s ID from the given virtual machine\'s name.
'Returns a textual form of progress bar.'.
'Remove an IIS site.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL
'Parses a version string and returns a tuple of integers.'.
'Same as a * b.'.
'Returns the language object that is active in Pootle.'.
'Get vector of web attack. DCNL Args: DCNL attack_vector
'Computes regularization parameters. DCNL :param alpha: DCNL
'Query a URL and return the data'.
'Ensure that the named index template is absent DCNL name DCNL The
'Create a Q palette with the specified light color and color.'.
'Make sure link is installed.'.
'Make sure the text is visible.'.
'Returns True if the system is X-QUBE or X-QUBE
'Parse gid. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Return True if we are in standard environment, else False.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return True if snapper is in
'Return the number of logical CPUs in the system'.
'Check that serial numbers are consistent'.
'Write the string \'contents\' to the file \'file_name\'.
'Return a list of all non-cupyed ndarrays.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Run command and return its output.
'Run command-line program.'.
'Task time slot view'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Returns the size of a file'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find an executable in the current directory.
'Gets a list of points from the harrisim.
'Encode image with channels rings.'.
'dump(data,filename) DCNL pickle(data,filename) DCN
'Set basic logger warning level.'.
'Validate device and partition. DCNL :param device: DCNL :param
'Returns a list of all configured configured endpoints. DCNL :rtype: list
'Truncate an alert. DCNL :param alert: DCNL :param
'Return the binary we\'re running in.'.
'Convert 7-bit unsigned integer to 7-bit unsigned integer.'.
'Return a list of sub-lists.'.
'Get rar5 version from xfile.'.
'A shortcut for `reverse`, except that it will preserve the query parameters DCNL
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect, depending on DCNL
'The scenario tags should be empty'.
'Display the SSH key for the current user.'.
'Set the relationship_strategy for the given relationship.'.
'Enter the given text in an advanced problem.'.
'Returns an icon for the admin boolean field.'.
'Returns a list of SQL statements required to remove all data from DCNL all tables
'Upload image streamoptimized. DCNL :param image_id: The image
'Loops over n seconds. DCNL :param n: number of seconds to
'Inverts a Qtransform.'.
'Generate a list of targets from a source file'.
'The main function.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'List all users belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Destroy a VM.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter.'.
'Returns True iff f(w) is a dyad weight.'.
'Returns True if all elements of nested_list are equal to obj'.
'Bump current version.'.
'Convert a name/value pair to a BSON document.'.
'Check if the user is logged in. DCNL :param console: DCN
':param resp: Response object DCNL :param content: DCNL :param
'Validates read preference.'.
'Executes the specified nagios plugin DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test either if an error is raised when the estimator is not binary DCNL and
'Loads theldconfig cache if it isn\'t there already.'.
'cmp(f,g) - returns - 1 iff and g are not equal
'Make a slug for a list. DCNL >>> make_list_slug(\
'Parses a version string and returns a `Version` object.
'Only load if m2 module exists'.
'Returns a list of items in baseList that are not in compareList.'.
'This view returns a JSON object of the current document.
'Import a module by its full package name.
'Returns a list of primary key names for the given SQLAlchemy model.'.
'ACTIVATE Section 9.4.12'.
'Replace the XenAPI host name with a new one.'.
'Extract a snapshot from disk DCNL :param disk_path: Path of disk
'Returns a sparse matrix representing the differences between two dimensions.
'Return a list of domains for the given certificate. DCNL :param cert:
'Check the ownership of a symlink DCNL :param path: The path to
'Defines all configured servers.'.
'Return the number of physical CPUs.'.
'Setup the universal platform.'.
'Restart the specified storage pool DCNL zpool DCNL The storage pool to
'Close the default application.'.
'Return a list of Qt5 binaries. DCNL Args: DCNL directory
'Check if nupicbindingsprerelease is installed.'.
'Run platform-specific HP.'.
'Sends data to a log file on the server.'.
'Checks if a DHCP options exists.
'Fixture to test a blob.'.
'Returns a list of positive integers from the argument.'.
'A tag that will highlight the contents of a block of code.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Test ad hoc noise covariance.'.
'make a report with raw stats'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test that copy_trans is compatible with backend_pair_dtype'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Remove old versions from the upgrade table.'.
':param template_name: DCNL :param scope: DCNL :param
'Remove handlers from the app.'.
'Moves a gcode linear move text.'.
'Adds a tool plugin menu.'.
'Print graph size information. DCNL :param unique_kmers: DCN
'Find out what items are items items in source files.
'Return True if the given HTML string is valid.'.
'Import aorskip module. DCNL Args: DCNL modname (
'Run the sync_request method on a list of urls.'.
'Returns a list of all the most recently created (or DCNL most recent)
'Return a list of paths to search for the header.'.
'Setup the flux LED platform.'.
'Computes the value of a Wilks filter. DCNL Parameters DC
'Ensure that the dtypes set contains only strings.'.
'Returns a label for a field.
'Update an existing XM library. DCNL :param host: DCNL
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Main program.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a timezone-aware datetime object.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a specific affinity group
'Makes a string that contains all the characters from the already existing string.'.
'Read the checksum information from the target database. DCNL :param timestamped:
'Mute a string. DCNL Args: DCNL text: The string
'If the user is logged in, verify that the user is logged in.'.
'Removes leading/trailing whitespace from each line of a string.'.
'Returns True if path is unsaved.'.
'Log an unknown attribute.'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy session.'.
'Convert a datetime to a Timestamp protobuf.'.
'Generate a random hex id.'.
'Wrapper for :meth:`getbase`.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression LBRACE'.
'Read content of cached file. DCNL :param filename: File to read DC
'Generate a random string of specified size.
'Stop the current inspector.'.
'Test equalization of channels.'.
'Return a list of parms for the specified service'.
'Returns True iff the xblock has children that are visible to specific content groups.'.
'Returns a random string of length `nchars`.'.
'Update bandwidth usage for a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a low-level low-level low-level low-level low-level
'Sends a request to XenAPI and returns the result.'.
'Convert the xml element to a string.'.
'Takes a list and recursively calls the \'intostrindict\' method
'Simple command-line program to generate an account feed.'.
'Create and return a SQLAlchemy engine.'.
'Submits the condor job and returns the external_id and the message.
'Remove sample files from path'.
'Decodes strings to unicode.'.
'Fakes a fake site name.'.
'Returns a debug message when a signal was received.'.
'Unpack epochs into a list of epochs.'.
'Parse a method descriptor into a string DCNL :param descr: DCNL
'Return True if the named service is available, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example:
'[channel] <user> - remove <user> from [channel], or from [
'Output the graph for HTML.'.
'Converts a string argument to a tuple.'.
'Assert that the clock is idle.'.
'Check that the signature is valid.'.
'put(a) DCNLput(a) DCNLput(a
'Returns a context dictionary with information about all the announcements that are DCNL visible
'Get a key from an entity or key name.'.
'Creates desired capabilities for sauce and sauce.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Test that SIP-HST works as intended'.
'Check whether ``p`` is apuiseux of ``x``.
'Returns a list of dicts for each row.'.
'Create an editable list form.
'idlist : ID \':\' field_seq \';\''.
'Ensure attribute can be empty'.
'Read head shape.'.
'Normalize and reduce paths.'.
'Returns the osname and osid for the given flavor.'.
'Compute node betweenness. DCNL Parameters DCNL G : graph DCN
'Return the size of a network interface in bytes DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns a diff expand link.'.
'Fixes HTML/XML/XML/HTML/HTML/HTML/HTML/HTML
'Takes a list of locations and returns the shortest DCNL path.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary DCNL type
'Return the size of a queue.
':type bot: cloudbot.bot.CloudBot DCNL :type text
'Set the TU device. DCNL Args: DCNL dev (device
'Returns a URL to the documentation of a page.'.
'Start the server. DCNL :param kwargs: DCNL :return bool
'Convert hsv to rgb'.
'Get helix path.'.
'Return a list of the currently active child processes.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns the basename of a list of files DCNL :param filelist: list of
'Render a label. DCNL Args: DCNL content (str): The
'Returns a numpy.sparse matrix of length n.'.
'Discard the response from the client.'.
'Makes a uitefrom histogram. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Apply a fold to a dataset DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset : Dataset DC
'Returns a list of datasets that are associated with the given lddas.'.
'Deletes a task from the task queue.
'Create and return a taskflow for a volume.'.
'It should clone a repository.'.
'Get the weight from the root block if it exists, otherwise get the DCNL
'Returns a list of strings separated by the given separator.'.
'labeled_statement : LPAREN statement RPAREN statement RPAREN statement RPAREN statement R
'Write data to file descriptor.'.
'Generates a set of random names. DCNL Args: DCNL first
'Sync all state modules from ``salt://_states`` to the master DCN
'Setup the Envisalink binary sensor platform.'.
'Destroy volume type.'.
'Returns True if x is a numpy arraylike.'.
'Create a metadef resource_type object'.
'Efficiently compute the power of an expression.
'Creates a private IP. DCNL linode_id DCNL lin
'Returns a string representation of the version.'.
':param finding: DCNL :param name: The name of the finding DCN
'Parse the sshpw line'.
'Add vectors to the vocabulary.'.
'Returns True if image_name can be parsed back to its original form.'.
'Get actual social auth object from running pipeline.'.
'Loads backends and plugins.'.
'Makes a tensor with broadcastable dimensions.'.
'Returns the host to connect to'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Download a web file from the given URL to the given filename.
'Return the executable associated with the given pid.'.
'Returns detailed message about unhandled exception'.
'Return a new model class from the given model and attributes.'.
'Returns full url for given server name, server port and relative url.'.
'Determine if the given command is an application.
'Check if there is a bug in progress.'.
'c_ncname(attribute, arg, element) -> string DCNL Return
'Get all the mirrors for a git repository.'.
'Return an SSL adapter class by name.
'List contents of a queue DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an absolute path to a file URI.'.
':type candidates: list[str] DCNL :type error: bool DCN
'Flatten application data. DCNL :param series: DCNL :return
'Get the application ID from the environment variables DCNL Args: DCNL -
'Computes the standard deviation of a standard deviation DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Add thefossil segment. DCNL :param powerline: DCN
'Get a value from the configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'definition_token : definition_token DCNL | definition_token DCNL
'Checks if user exists. DCNL :param user_id: DCNL
'Evaluates the image. DCNL Parameters DCNL image : float DC
'Returns a context manager that checks whether the test has all the DCNL signed dtypes
'Wrapper around model. predict. DCNL Parameters DCNL model : str DC
'Run the WSGI server on the given port.'.
'Validate sound. DCNL :param sound: The sound to check. DCN
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a single space character (\'\')
'Delete filesystem. DCNL :param filesystem: filesystem to delete DCNL :
'Returns True if the given node is a private variable in the parent scope.'.
'Returns the output of the given function as a string in the given output format.'.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path: Path
'Initialize console logging.'.
'base64 encodes attachments in plain text.'.
'Return combination of two or more variables.
'Setup Supervisor configuration.'.
'Find the smallest element in a list that is equal to x.'.
'assignment_expression : assignment_expression LBRACE assignment_expression RBRACE'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Execute a runner on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prints differences between two dictionaries. DCNL :param da: dictionary DCN
'Read a partition file into a list of (partition_id, record) pairs.
'Format an exception. DCNL :param exctype: exception type (str)
'Returns the forecast for a location. DCNL :param location: Location of the
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a list of student batch students. DCNL :param student_batch:
'Set the policies for an ELB backend.
'Clear all of the context'.
'Refine an expression. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : Basic DCN
'Add a package to the package dictionary.'.
'Create a new HTTP connector.'.
'Creates a filter to filter on a list of tasks.'.
'Returns a serialization statement for a type.'.
'Raise an error if any settings are not available.'.
'Sends an email to the user about the order.'.
'Decode a task payload into a dict.
'Generate a random filename.'.
'Convert a url to an IP address and port. DCNL :param url:
'List all the packages currently installed on the system.
'Perform post match.'.
'Run all the commands in the command line.'.
'Count the number of chunks in a file.
'Returns the URL for the given bug.
'base64 encodes a string DCNL :param data: DCNL :param
'Returns the sha1 hash of the given list of objects DCNL :param type
'Expand shell variables and user home in path. DCNL :param path: Path
'Returns a Report object for the specified local service. DCNL :param name:
'Returns True if all values of the given column have a value in the DCNL
'Create a topic. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
' stage a task. DCNL :param session: DCNL :param task
'Return netstat information for Linux systems'.
'Return a copy of d with only the keys listed in keys.'.
'service : ZMQ_service DCNL | ZMQ_service DCNL
'Converts a failure to a (type, value) tuple.'.
'Compute the power of a normal distribution.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://www.microsoft.com/en-
'Returns the configuration of the firewall rule DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Wrapper around py. io.aferepr.'.
'Add two images. DCNL Parameters DCNL image1 : image DCN
'Match traffic based on a regular expression DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a list of available locales.'.
'Test division with remainder.'.
'Fixture providing a keyparser object for testing keyparser functionality.'.
'Create a new Glance metadata item.'.
'Returns the number of a month by name in a language.'.
'Formats a string according to the arg.'.
'Returns a legendre polynomial of length `n_coeff` of length `x`.
'Run freeview BEM surfaces.'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Returns the default site name for the given app name.'.
'Download Setuptools.'.
'Returns a list of flags a user has.'.
'Computes the error rate.
'Convert from cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates.'.
'Create a thin logical volume in an LVM volume group.
'Get the latest downloadable repository metadata if it includes tools.'.
'Mock requests.get method.'.
'Ensure that the named service is absent DCNL name DCNL The name
'Returns a constant with the same value.
'Process the xml element.'.
' rel_posix path to absolute path DCNL :param path: DCNL
'initialise module'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Update the unread queries for the given inbox_rels. DCNL :param
'Returns an identity matrix.
'Get the evaluated value as a float by the keys.'.
'Sends a review message when the job was approved.'.
'Returns the training model.'.
'Crops image to square.'.
'Get or create the profile for this user.'.
'Get memory usage information.'.
'Set the global :class:`xonsh.shell` object.'.
'Returns the XRDS provider URL.'.
'Sends given arguments to Spyder.
'A context manager to enable named outer atomic cache entries.
'Step to see if there is a text that has been typed in it.'.
'Return current week day. DCNL :param t: DCNL :return
'Split a low tag. DCNL :param tag: DCNL :param
'<url> - shortens a git URL from <custom>'.
'Write data to a file DCNL :param path: Path to the file DC
'Returns the reverse path of a path.'.
'Returns the secondary language of the current site'.
'Returns an account object for the given type.'.
'Module setup page'.
'Parse a simpleflake. DCNL :param flake: A simplefla
'Parses media stream metadata from media.json.'.
'Convert a GEMM node into a (node, time) tuple.'.
'Output data to stdout DCNL Args: DCNL data (str): The
'Returns a dict of game player stats in JSON format DCNL :param game:
'Colorize a string. DCNL Args: DCNL string (str):
'Entry point for command-line program DCNL :param args: DCNL
'Get the root directory of the zipline environment.'.
'Set the amount of memory to use.
'Converts a SQL name to its identificator\'s name.
'Parses the locale code for localename and returns the DCNL result as tuple
'Return True if *x* is an iterator.'.
'Context manager to temporarily disable handlers for a logger.
'Render a value in a context.'.
'>>> print(f) DCNL 1 DCNL 5 DCNL
'Show the details of an SSH keypair.
'Takes a list of (nout, nout) tuples and returns a single
'Check if image can be extended.
'Test format of pep8 files.'.
'Detach a load-balancer member from a load-balancer DCNL CLI Examples:
'Parse a list of stories. DCNL :param lines: list of lines
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'API: accepts method and data'.
'Download a file from the filesystem.
'Returns a list of words. DCNL :param list_: list of strings
'Stop GeoNode database.'.
'Return a list of (path, relative_path) components for the given path.
'Set SELinux module state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the RVM version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Call `thing` if it\'s callable, otherwise call it.'.
'Computes the variance of the directional variable `x` in `w`.
'Wrapper around astroid build function.'.
'Returns the number of messages stored in the cookie.'.
'Extract full url path and query parameters from request.url.
'Returns the currently logged-in user.'.
'Get the version information for Windows systems.
'Remove a section from an ini file.
'Enable or disable debugging.
'Remove all targets which depend on the target specified by target_name.'.
'Check if the marker contains invalid characters. DCNL :param text: DCN
'>>> _pack(\'a\', \'b\', \'c
'Format a FastQ record.'.
'Removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
'Error handler fortk.'.
'Returns True if the given policy is valid according to the given cache headers.'.
'Get a poem from the given host and port.'.
'Test human-readable formatting.'.
'Add a ratelimit rule to the rules list.'.
'Deletes any empty folders in check_empty_dir.
'finish_concat(data, events, event_id, tmin, tmax
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the cached mine data for the
'Takes a list of regular expressions and returns a filtered version of that list.'.
'Read Julian number.'.
'Decode a utf8 encoded string.'.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.'.
'Computes the start and end index of an image.
'Returns the OS version from the show version string.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCN
'Quote a string for use in a comment.'.
'Adds a new domain to site_config.'.
'List all users.'.
'Test two model instance arithmetic.'.
'Load certificates from a directory. DCNL :param directory: Path to directory DC
'Get the number of keys in the hash table DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Return a string of hexadecimal characters without quotes.'.
'Verifies the set dates for the course and enrollment.'.
'Returns a table string.'.
'Tries to resolve a symlink at the given path.
'Decode a base64-encoded string DCNL :param b64string: Base64
'Return the unicode ratio of the strings s1 and s2.
'Parse authentication header. DCNL.
'Removes the given axis from the tensor.
'Clear the password of a server.'.
'Returns the XOR of two strings.
'Read from a file. DCNL :param f: File-like object to
'Return a unique unique filename.
'Returns the project name for the current Google Cloud Storage directory.'.
'Set value of a document DCNL :param doctype: DocType of the document
'Return the full path to the specified jail DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Recursively reload a module.
'Translates a locale name to a language name.'.
'Return the basename of a path.'.
'Test that we can instantiate regression objects'.
'Computes spherical bivariate polynomial `n` in `K[x]
'Returns a list of openshift loadbalancer backends. DCNL :param api_
'Enable all of the objects in objects.
'Update WOID information.'.
'Copy the result of a future to another future.'.
'Update raw projection.'.
'Test installing from a URL with trailing slash normalization.'.
'Returns the locale name or the default locale name.'.
' resize_image(in_image, new_width, new_height) DC
'Decode a BSON timestamp to bson.timestamp. Timestamp.'.
'Prepends http:// if necessary.'.
'Get the account and token from the environment.
'Helper function to create an image assemble error status. DCNL :param status
'Creates an archive containing all of the renewal data for the specified DCNL
'Extracts the username from the response and returns it if it DCNL matches the
'Check the remote repository status.'.
'Convert a media size in bytes into a long integer.'.
'Get the positions of all pages in the context.'.
'Print a summary of the installation.'.
'Format seconds as a human-readable duration string. DCNL :param seconds:
'Set up the global configuration object DCNL :param environ: DCNL :
'Configures logging.'.
'Adds the header `hdr: value` to the context.
'Converts a range of IPv4 addresses to network addresses.
'Decodes a base64 encoded string into chops. DCNL :param string
'Read client options.'.
'Get a network or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test that erfinvgpu works.'.
'Given a dictionary of tags, return a list of dictionaries with tags DCNL formatted
'Reset the global _session.'.
'Finds lines of code that contain C{Lnotab} or C{L
'Send alert messages about active products.'.
':type target: str DCNL :type deps: list[str] DCN
'Test that yamlfile cannot be parsed as None'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Print warning about any non-existent
'Reset all warnings.'.
'Simple function to return if host is netbsd or not'.
'Test that some tests don\'t do anything that don\'t do anything.'.
'Returns the common divisor of a and b.'.
'Return the codec for the given encoding, or None if the DCNL given encoding
'Create a new local branch from repo_url.'.
'Get the version number from the config file.'.
'Returns the host associated with the given IP address DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Compute the primer position for a set of coils.'.
'Check if a package is up-to-date.'.
'Get the salt options from salt.'.
'Wrapper around subprocess.call_command_async.'.
'Create a cascade of all applications.'.
'Delete a draft. DCNL :param db_session: SQLAlchemy session DCN
'Normalise polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.'.
'Find an element with the given tag.'.
'Prints a debug message to stderr.'.
'binhex(infilename, outfilename) - Decode binhexed file'.
'Return container version from docker-compose.yml DCNL Args: DCNL
'Return a controller class for the given doctype.'.
'Creates the model.'.
'Get the duplicate media descriptor object. DCNL.
'Set the given properties on a floating IP and update it.
'Perform any global setup.py teardown.'.
'Creates a Key. DCNL Args: DCNL app (str):
'Read the file from the filesystem and return the path and file head.'.
'Returns True if the given node contains only possible titles.'.
'KEGG link between source and target database DCNL :param target_db:
'Remove the named service from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a Subject NID. DCNL :param subject: DCNL :
'Map function name to fprop/bprop/roipooling.'.
':param updates: DCNL :param updates: DCNL :param updates:
'Edit a single dataset.'.
'Setup the amcrest sensors.'.
'Load a dictionary from a pickle file.'.
'Portes all entities to the datastore.
'Compare two datetime objects and assert that they are close in the same time zone.'.
'statement : blank LPAREN statement RPAREN statement DCNL | LPAREN statement R
'Get the name of the current branch.'.
'Add together lists. DCNL Args: DCNL functionList: list of
'Elementwise softplus function. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: A
'Install the twisted mainloop.'.
'Sends a message on a fanout topic.'.
'Returns a list of indices whose values are the values in vals.'.
'Returns a list of ES documents for the given locale.'.
'Returns a list of tuples of (image_id, image_label).'.
'Converts text into a word sequence.
'Add an IntF instance. DCNL.
'Returns the smooth step between edge0 and edge1 in x.'.
'Remove an item from the system DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'A generator which yields tuples of args and mydict'.
'Ensure a job is disabled in the schedule DCNL name DCNL The
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``searchadd
'Returns True if the current page is a 404 error.'.
'Returns true if the given string is a series episode. DCNL :param title
'Inserts the default options into sys. argv.'.
'Test updating a contact.'.
'A listmaker of the form [ fp for it if test].'.
'Clears the placeholder cache.'.
'Generate a code block for testing purposes.'.
'Save a forum role. DCNL Arguments: DCNL name (str):
'>>> foo() DCNL enter DCNL enter DCNL exit <
'Get previous media list item. DCNL.
'Displays whether network time is on or off.
'Clean up the test suite.'.
'Get the maximum age from the HTTP response.'.
'Check that the job dependencies are valid.
'Create a new syncpoint object.'.
'Returns True if the IP address of the server is the same as the IP address of
'Returns True if there is a KroneckerDelta in the expression.'.
'Returns a partial get_notcached_pages function.'.
'Remove a MySQL user.
'Start a Vagrant VM. DCNL Args: DCNL single: True
'Re-conint ID. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer
'Find multipart post boundary. DCNL :param post: DCNL :param
'Register a new serializer.
'Get the pants Scm.'.
'Returns True if the user has access to the discussion category for this course.
'Test git with a non-editable egg.'.
'Load dependencies of a package.
'Get a cert from the server or from an existing one.'.
'Generate a challenge. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Records the payment parameters and stores them in the datastore.'.
'Return True if the file is a template file, False otherwise.'.
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a single space character (\' \')
'Computes the CDF of the standard deviation.
'enumerator_list : enumerator'.
'Split code at show.'.
'Return the string representation of the extra parameter.'.
'Generate an art for an AsIN.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL restoring a user from a grid
'Returns (d, l, k) for extended Euclid\'s GC
'Returns a random string.'.
'Tests that the oslo_missing_trash function works as expected'.
'CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9.4.12'.
' shorten a string DCNL keep_header : int DCNL keep_trail
'Get the download url when the BatchJob is complete.'.
'Load a raw library DCNL Args: DCNL name (str): The
'Get a list of members without MFA.
'Takes a list of segment objects and merges them into a single list DCNL
'Find a Python module by fullname and return the file name and the DCNL description
'Extract entities from a template.
'Test rl_backward_kill_word.'.
'Return True if the file is an archive file, False otherwise.'.
'Read a character list from a file.'.
'Replace special characters that are not part of a query string.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary DCNL type
'Group index page'.
'Apply operators to an expression.
'Encode a float.'.
'Remove module. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the package_data dictionary.'.
'SaleOrder index page'.
'assign(l, rlst, lslices, rslices) -> llst DC
'Generates a list of statements to between the old and new rules.'.
'Add the mtime of the file.'.
'Create the sqlcmd config directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'concat_all(a, b, c) -> list DCNL Concats
'Create the figure.'.
'Plot a histogram of the normal distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL mu : float
'Sample points randomly from a sphere.'.
'for testing'.
'Get trials from docs and insert them into trials table DCNL :param
'Get the string representation of this object.'.
' prefetches a set of related objects at only one level.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Elementwise logistic sigmoid function.
'Return image architecture from image metadata.'.
'Get path components as a list of strings. DCNL :param path: Path
'Open resource file if needed.'.
'Disable tracing. DCNL :param app_or_default: DCNL
'Recomputes constants in `py_source` by replacing DCNL all
'Returns a summary of the worker\'s summary.
'Returns a list of stylesheet names.'.
'return true if the node is an ancestor name'.
'Returns the type of a KeyInfo object.'.
'Create a new collection object.
'Add intersections of the loop with the x segment.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Same as a - b.'.
'Run a command on all configured App servers.
'Check qdatastream status. DCNL :param stream: QDataStream DC
'Remove all streams that are older than max_cached_streams.'.
'Get all services.'.
'Parse a Django admin-style option signature into a list of nodes.'.
'A helper method to grab the log of the certbot DCNL CLI Example:
'Sends an API POST request and acts as a generic formatter for the JSON response.
'Given a list of dictionaries, returns a list of dictionaries with the common sections DCN
'Return an iterator over the bytes in the file at fp starting at offset, DCN
'Loads the data and returns a list of (x, y) pairs.'.
'Saves the given content to the store.
'Returns True if the session cookie is present in the response.'.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Return a dictionary containing only the fields of the given object.
'A function to audit changes on a list of accounts DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Encode the message\'s payload in quoted-printable.
'Transfer the closest remaining path.'.
'Checks whether user can commit translation for given project.'.
'Test that validate_path_object is called with a valid path.'.
'Returns a list of sub- documents for the given resource. DCNL :param
'Create a new reference.'.
'Remove all keys from the Redis database. DCNL :param redis_client:
'Get the value of the element with the given css selector.'.
'Get the available mechanism names.'.
'Check to see if the connection has the specified method DCNL :param conn:
'Verifies an email. DCNL :param user: User DCNL :
'Marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped.'.
'Accept or reject an invitation.'.
'Convert a string to a float.'.
'Test reconstruction of all zeros.'.
'Read count specs from a string. DCNL :param text: DCNL
'Returns the expression of a variable inside a DRT DCNL :param variable:
'Log a single character.'.
'Returns a dictionary of functions used by the proxy object.'.
'Returns a list of color names.
'Returns the sum of a boolean field.'.
'Get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of
'Returns the truncation of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]
'Get the location of the hadoop binary.'.
'Unregister a class loader.
'Create a reduced data set. DCNL Args: DCNL basename (str
'Restart the project.'.
'Loads the training and validation sets.'.
'Makes the dimensions of `x` and `y` broadcastable along `axis
'Runs the network and writes the results to the writer.'.
'<query> -- Converts <query> to <query> with <query> and
'Get the subscription for a document.
'Writes the login redirect to the output file. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Remove a database. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Unescapes a string. DCNL :param s: The string to un
'Download a video by ID.'.
'Test getting completion for zsh'.
'Set node type.'.
'Returns the subject for the project cert.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'seen_union :seen_union LBRACE DCNL |seen_union
'Returns the absolute name of the cell.'.
'Returns the currently logged-in user.
'Create and return formatters'.
' equity view page'.
'Moves a key from d1 to d2.
'Create a new QApplication instance.'.
'Sets the image dimension order.
'Builds the vmdk create spec.'.
'Returns the SOAP accessor.'.
'Returns the full path to the named process DCNL :param pid: DCN
'Build an sdist with py and upload it to PyPI.'.
'Read megen sample.'.
'Returns a list of possible creation sequences for the given graph.'.
'Iterate over gafby proteins of a handle.
'Decode a stream of bytes into a Python object. DCNL :param stream:
'Yield keys from filepaths. DCNL :param filepaths: List of file
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Retrieves a single item from the
'Creates a temporary CA file from a list of anchor tuples.'.
'Helper function to dispatch a key value from a collectd result.'.
'Returns True if the given exception is an unavailable error.'.
'Test percentage text.'.
'Test the HTTP request handler class.'.
'Returns True if the value\'s length is less than the argument'.
'RELEASE Section 9.4.11'.
'Check that all of the option names in opts are valid.'.
'Iterates over the children of `obj` in depth-first order.
'Returns True if name is lowercased.'.
'Return the filename of the hosts file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'[channel] - quiet [channel], or in the caller\'s channel if no channel
'Get module cache.'.
'Returns a link to add-on to a document'.
'API hook helper.'.
'Converts a date to a string. DCNL :param date: The date
'labeled_statement : LPAREN statement RPAREN statement RPAREN statement RPAREN statement R
'Log a bugdown error.'.
'Responds to PUT request'.
'Get metadata from HTTP Header Dict DCNL :param headers: DCNL :
'Import a public key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Compute Hessian inverse of scale matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL hessian_
'Iterate over the chunks of a zipfile.
'Select the first n rows of a Series DCNL Parameters DCNL series :
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Returns a single issue line string.'.
'Generate a unique tag name for a state. DCNL :param low: low
'Get the RDP console for a server.'.
'Find an emptyalt tag.'.
'Refresh all beacons on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Adds an argument to a URI. DCNL :param event_name:
'Returns a compiled regex object for the given search query.'.
'Enable all deprecations as exceptions.
'Decode a query string and return a list of two-element tuples. DCNL
'Get the source code of an object.'.
'It should not install always from cache'.
'Returns a form field for a form field.'.
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form.
'Converts a tensor to a dense tensor.
'Add a neighbour entry. DCNL :param ip_address: IP address
'List volumes belonging to a tenant DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the foldr. DCNL # Arguments DCNL fn:
'Set the short dictionary to the value of the repository line.'.
'Test search exit status code when package not found'.
'Add collar length to derivation.'.
'Delete all objects in a given S3 bucket.
'Ensure system is in standby state (Windows only)'.
'Completes the course mode information for an enrollment.
'Compress a string of text. DCNL :param body: The text to compress
'Read from cache file DCNL :param filename: File to read DCNL
'Returns the path to one file or folder if it does not exist.'.
'Returns a timezone-aware datetime.datetime from `date` and `time`.'.
'Return true if the object is a mapping.'.
'Set the x and y position of the mine.'.
'Module index open page'.
'Read a code object from a pyc file.'.
'Check if snappy is installed.'.
'split(p) -> str DCNL basename(p) -> str DCN
'Test wavefunction.'.
'Return the reverse bits of a 64 bit integer.'.
'Elementwise cosine function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Return a list of all subscriptions to a topic.'.
'Converts a dictionary to a string.
'Detach an Elastic Network Interface.
'Ensure stack is absent on the computenode DCNL name : string DCN
'Draw a PDF document.
'Configures the http-client.'.
'Converts a string of HTTP headers into a dictionary. DCNL :param s
'Read items from a queue, yielding them.'.
'Return a list of available VMs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Attach a hold to the participant.'.
'Returns True if the given module name should be kept.'.
'Remove quotes from a string.'.
'Kama Pattern'.
'Given a list of implications, deduce their dependencies DCNL and return a
'List all available languages.'.
'Get orbits transversals.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the public key to use'.
'Get number of equalizer preset. DCNL.
'Sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and DCNL timezone settings.
'Convert columns from cidr table to string.'.
'Validates that all parameters are encoded to ASCII. DCNL :param params:
'Returns True if url is unique, False otherwise.'.
'Setup the MQTT alarm platform.'.
'Get or create sjson transcript from transcripts.'.
'Return the hostname of the machine'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Parse multipart headers from iterable. DCNL >>> parse_multipart_headers(\'
'Return the gid of the current process DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Compile all the views in the specified folder. DCNL :param skip_failed
'generic version of stats.t.generic DCNL Parameters DCNL value1
'Convert a time tuple to a time in xldate format.'.
'Internal helper to adjust a dimension.'.
'Rotate the right side of a list.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a string representation of the value.'.
'Adds a funk event source object to the event_source table.
'Create a reservation for the specified project or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Sends a flowgram to a given socket.
'Tests boolean columns are not included in other fields.'.
'Update package database.'.
'Returns the unicode value of `v`, encoded as a string.'.
'Create a certificate chain.'.
'Computes the cumulative density function at x. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Returns the line number of the current line.'.
'Copy file `original` to ` derived` if it\'s out of date.
'Build a path from node1 to node2.
'Set the password for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a PatchSet from a string. DCNL :param s: DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Update the local database with the latest
'Filter out flowgrams according to filter_list'.
'Raise an error. DCNL :param status: http status code DCNL
'Send systemd notification DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Open file dialog.'.
'Test iforest sparse classifier.'.
'callback for flightmode menu'.
'List all the datastores for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Move to the end of a case-insensitive copy.'.
'Returns a list of user names for the given user_ids.'.
'Returns a continuous query.
'Create an image DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Computes the Kelvin-Morel-Kelvin-M
'Returns the XML representation of a CXL element.'.
'Adds backends to the context.'.
'Return the name of the current backend.'.
'Converts any string or dictionary to ANSI escape sequence. DCNL :param
'Convert a cell range string to a pair of (row,col) pairs.
'Loads the training data and returns the training data DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Unpack the data from an open TCP/IP, returning a tuple of DCN
'Get the number of sides with a minimum of three.'.
'Check if a BSON string is valid. DCNL :param bson:
'Ensure input is a valid source.'.
'Sends an email to a user DCNL :param bool dry_run:
' echo...'.
'Get an image from the database. DCNL :param image_id: the
'Initialize the module as appropriate for POSIX systems.'.
'Computes the maximum of a tensor along an axis.
'Converts a glance id to an id.'.
'Copy files from source node to target node.
'Skip tests with a given reason. DCNL Args: DCNL reason (
'Return a string with the name of the class `k` and the module `n
'Test that we can deploy a certificate.'.
'Convert a sequence of strings to a byte string.'.
'Return a copy of `newclass` except that all its base classes are DCN
'Returns a list of (word, num2words, word) tuples, sorted by
'Filter out non-json lines. DCNL :param data: DCNL
'Save stats to file.'.
'like mkdir -p'.
'Returns a single variant from the template with the given arguments.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Generate a random salt. DCNL :param length: The length of salt to
'Extracts the rois for each subrois and writes them to a file.
'Sends a signal to a process.
'PAuses the current figure. DCNL :param interval: DCNL :
' compat_str(s) -> str DCNL compat_str(s)
'Get an unused port on localhost.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Computes the standard deviation of an array along an axis.
'Return the line number of the function\'s first line.
'Loads the model from the specified checkpoint directory.
'Convert a timestamp to a date string.'.
'List schedules belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Compute covariance M step for full cases.'.
'Computes the raw moment. DCNL Args: DCNL xs:
'Read the labels file. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset_dir: str
'Apply a normal distribution to a sequence of probabilities DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns the application that owns the current frame, or None if no DCNL
'Test sample function with regular SMOTE'.
'Resizes images.'.
'Start a TLS server on the given port.'.
'Returns the target of the comment form.'.
'Unload a module'.
'Update a quota or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return True if *text* is a keyword argument.'.
'Run pyreverse.'.
'Determine if a node has been completed.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Start statsd. DCNL :param path: Path to statsd file DC
'Normalize language tag. DCNL >>> normalize_language_tag(\'en-
'Computes the correlation coefficient for each lag. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Waits for the container to have the given prefix.'.
'Strips a and b, returning a new string.'.
'Safely delete an image from the backend.
'Get the memory usage in bytes of Windows system DCNL Args: DCNL
'Disable the firewall service.'.
'Pick an Raator plugin.'.
'List public IPs. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Executes the given SQL string and closes the connection.'.
'Test drawing regular polygons.'.
'Makes aiolin plot. DCNL Parameters DCNL vals : list
'Get action by request id.'.
'Unregister a handler function.
'breadcrumb option'.
'Get index of media list item. DCNL.
'Edit a thread.'.
'Main program. DCNL Args: DCNL adgroup_id: The
'Return a list of all available translations.'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a time zone-aware datetime.'.
'Creates a collection with the specified label.
'Test creating a digraph with non symmetric input'.
'Select an appropriate Eeg position.'.
'Write credentials to a file.
'Test join with identity interface.'.
'Computes the square root of the matrix ``a`` DCNL ``
'Adds a `Bearer Token` to the query string.'.
'Print all flaky tests to the output.'.
'Delete an ACL token.
'Get property value. DCNL :param name: Name of property DCNL
'Make a discrete source space.'.
'Get the format of the comment.'.
'Flatten a message DCNL :param msg: DCNL :param msg
'Get components from a key.'.
'Parses the accept header and returns a list of tuples: DCNL (name
'Connect to the specified host and port and start listening for connections.'.
'Validates that \'value\' is of type \'type\'.
'Decodes the result of a BSON query. DCNL :param found:
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Run a command.'.
'Raise an error if the file cannot be opened.'.
'Returns the group avatar for the given profile.'.
'Test that arrays have different dimension.'.
'Returns True if list is a list of IDs.'.
'Internal helper for get_values.'.
'Replaces characters with a single space. DCNL >>> string_escape(\'
'Check that the radecitons are in the same direction as the DCNL
'This is a helper method for the _foreign_key_ignoring class.'.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Test that the review_type is set to None if there is no review_type
'Join(x, x) -> Join(x, x, x) DCN
'List DNS entries for a domain.'.
'Try to turn a value into an IntEnum member.'.
'Test if we are running in OpenBSD.'.
'Move a file to a new location DCNL :param path: Path to move
'Download the contents of a URL to a file. DCNL :param url:
'Build all libraries.'.
'Get a list of related topics.'.
'Change frequency of subtitlesfinder.'.
'Runs the Django test suite with the given app labels.
'Create a taskMessage from a signal.
'Unquote a header value.
'Create a cluster controller. DCNL Args: DCNL intf(int):
'Check if a process with the given name is currently active. DCNL :param
'Get a component from the database by name.'.
'Returns a list of process names for all the nodes in the cluster.'.
'Compare channels. DCNL Args: DCNL candidates: DCNL candidates
'Starts a new redis worker.'.
'Configures the plot.'.
'Reorder image so that it rotates clockwise.'.
'Given a year and a month number, returns the index of that DCNL month
'Convert a string to an integer.'.
'Makes a copy of the config and verifies the selection.'.
'Builds a multipart message with the given images.'.
'Unfollow a user. DCNL Arguments: DCNL username (str):
'Parse a query string and return a Query object.'.
'Return a JSON-serializable dictionary.'.
'Return boolean mask of times.
'Return True if *text* is a URL.'.
'Creates a directory. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str):
'Returns the seed for the test set.
'Gets all virtual interfaces.'.
'Get a list of files from the given HTML file.'.
'Returns True if * cron* contains *date* and *time* DCNL
'Convert a color temperature in degrees Celsius to an RGB color list.'.
'Retrieves a single Milestones object from the API.
'Raise a ValueError if the key is not valid.'.
'Helper function to reduce the structure of an object. DCNL :param o:
'Returns True if any filters contains a shard by property range.'.
'Return True if a is a task module.'.
'Opens a file and returns a file object if it exists.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the two values are equal.'.
'Waits for the server to be listening on the given client or DCNL
'Extract the domain name from a root domain name.'.
'Return a dictionary with all relevant information.'.
'Compute the square matrix norm of a matrix.
'Computes centrality scores.
'Determine whether a path is a directory or not'.
'Validates scale values. DCNL :param scale: DCNL :return
'Loads a countgraph from a file.
'Helper function to convert a list of terms into a list of Attempts.'.
'Create a new ref group.'.
'Populates a populator.'.
'Get instance type by flavor id.'.
'Login form.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.'.
'Import classes from a module DCNL :param name: DCNL :param
'Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL `` prioid {
'Check if mri subject contains BEM.
'Main function. DCNL Args: DCNL input_dir: Path to
'Returns the given HTML with all tags stripped.'.
'Returns the module object corresponding to `spec`'.
'Converts a string or a timezone to a timezone object.
'Checks if the user has access to the course.
'Modify chunks in a file. DCNL :param f: File-like object
'Make a HTTP request.'.
'Returns the URL for thererun link for the given course.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check if nictag exists DC
'Add tools to the tool manager.'.
'Create a fresh output manager instance'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Builds and returns the HTTP headers required for the API.'.
'Set customer taxes'.
'Returns True if the given certificate is an elliptic curve.'.
'Return True if the point is inside the polygon.'.
'Signal handler for POSIX systems'.
'Updates a draft registration. DCNL :param auth: DCNL :return
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Enable the site.'.
'Sampling version of samplewise_std_normalization.'.
'Compare two files. DCNL Arguments: DCNL a: A list of
'Handle reading form. DCNL Args: DCNL api_content: The
'Read word2vec.w from google word2vec format.
'Get the version of the installed package.'.
'Write the course block detail report. DCNL :param course_data: DC
'Return an iterator that yields all empty items.'.
'Clears the persistent graph cache.'.
'Validates flags. DCNL :param val: DCNL :param val
'Makes a matrix with entries from entry_fn.'.
'Get equated points.'.
'Print a test result.'.
'Context manager to temporarily disable signals.
'Converts an application error to a BlobstoreError.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally
'Change the headers of `uri` and `headers` to `body` DCN
'Ensure that the default security group is present.'.
'Waits for the given io object to complete.
'Computes mean squared root mean squared error DCNL Parameters DCNL results
'Table with trailing spaces in row definition'.
'Escape a string according to RFC3986'.
'Convert image to disk.'.
'Return QoS policy group name for volume.'.
'Display crash file contents.'.
'Get the zoneinfo file from the zoneinfo directory.'.
'Create an event in the current context.
'Log out the current user.
'Escapes a string for use in a YAML document.'.
'Synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal model DCNL st
'Check if the given id is valid. DCNL :param id: The ID
'Parse name and version string. DCNL.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_long4(fd) DCN
'Computes the difference between zero and one.
'Convert a filename to a source file name.'.
'Creates a new security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add service to chkconfig DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the value of a sysrc
'Only load if the at_initial_setup_hook_module is set'.
'Return the first available format name for a given stream.'.
'Find an ext_id in the high data structure DCNL :param name:
'Returns a map of image_id to the cached image reference.'.
'Helper function to translate URLs. DCNL Args: DCNL url (str
'Create multiple loc files.
'Test that pootle_path doesn\'t work when pootle_path
'Returns the x-header for the LMS callback.'.
'Parse command line arguments.'.
'toggle data register D6 bit'.
'Converts a dictionary of GFF attributes to a string.'.
'Apply the given overwrite_context to the existing DCNL context.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Builds and returns the desired interface configuration.'.
'Inserts a new document in the database DCNL :param doc: JSON or
'GPU convolution gradient with respect to input'.
'Returns True if given `ipv4_prefix` is a valid IPv4 prefix.'.
'Check if there is a single line at the end of the line.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Builds a map of tag names to values.
'Computes HAC correlation coefficient DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Get new derivation.'.
'Only load the executable if it isn\'t available'.
'Strips leading and trailing whitespace from text DCNL >>> rstrips(\'
'Converts a dictionary entry to a (name, message) tuple.'.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.datetime.
'Checks if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Format time string. DCNL Args: DCNL timetuple_or_epoch
'Returns XLS representation of data'.
'Parse an XPI file and store the result in a temporary DCNL directory.
'Get a list of all namespaces.
'Converts an XML string into a CodesearchFeed object.'.
'Returns the name of the image model as a string.'.
'Return the current load average DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an integer member.'.
'Strip the specified namespace from the xml.'.
'Returns a dictionary mapping field names to relationInfo instances.'.
'Parse a sphinx search index.
'Deletes an integration response for a given method in a given API DCNL CLI
'Generate coverage reports. DCNL :param rcfile: Path to coverage report DC
'Ensure tenant is absent.'.
'Get the value of a comment in a table DCNL :param table: The
'Builds the spec for the VM file backend.'.
'Returns a list of columns that are part of a foreign key constraint on DCNL
'Generate the rst file for the examples.'.
'fill(a, b, c) -> a DCNL Return True if all
'Get a square around the x and y pixel coordinates.'.
'View function which handles a reset password request.'.
'Find all names in *code* and return them as a dictionary.'.
'Check if a string is a valid Windows pos.'.
'Create a new simple factory for the given state.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Update image axes extent.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the correlation matrix is not DCNL symmetric
'Get matrix elementwise skew matrix.'.
'Re-issue receipt. DCNL :param receipt: receipt to be signed.
'Return the result of callingcloud.force_ascii on the exception.'.
'The main function.'.
'Decode a Base64 encoded string.
'Retrieves settings.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Parse a Content-Disposition: form-data string and return a dictionary DCNL
'Returns a list of all non-empty strings in input.'.
'Marks a function as slow.'.
'Test if a connection can be established.
'Return True if path starts with prefix'.
'Creates a Faketransport server.'.
'Convert a file name to a filehandle.
'Helper method to ensure that the payload version is correct.'.
'Prints the current exception info to the log file. DCNL :param errmsg
'Loads all modules from all installed apps.'.
'Sets an instance of :class:`Istore` in the app registry.
'Read and return the contents of a file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename :
'Create a new virtual interface. DCNL :param values: DCNL :
'Returns True iff this issue is a relevent issue.
'Set a single sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Destroy all OAuth tokens for a user.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9.1.7'.
'Test confusion matrix sample weight option'.
'Load all the plugins found in `names` DCNL :param names: DC
'Starts the ioloop. DCNL :param callback: DCNL
'Returns next unique id for given field and value.'.
'Default action which deletes the selected objects.
'Get the format for a given string.'.
'Check that there are no fit attributes in init'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.
'Create the NRT module.'.
'Computes the average and standard deviation of a list of numbers.
'Tests that hug\'s greater than type successfully limits the values'.
'Create a dataset.'.
'Waits for server termination. DCNL :param server_id: Server
'Returns True if a 404 at the given URL *shouldn\'t* notify the
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Get the full path to a.yaml file.'.
'Print a string to stdout.
'Send email notifications for all users.
'Get the user\'s exploration as rated_on if the exploration is rated
'Return the full path to a program.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
':param filter_list: List of filters DCNL :param userargs: filter
'Enable or disable authentication travisci DCNL name DCNL name DCN
'Update collections votes. DCNL :param voting: DCNL :param
'Returns an unexpected error message from the given GCP error.'.
'Upload the file to disk.'.
'Returns a map of fully qualified class names to classes.'.
'Returns True if the current URL is the same as the redirect_url.'.
'Returns a generator which yields search results DCNL :param format: DCNL
'Return a random sum of distributions.'.
'Extract all the contents of the tarball at the specified path, DCNL including any
'Return a relative path to `from_file` relative to `archive_dir`
'Returns True if the variable is not used in graph.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Returns the full path to an object. DCNL Args: DCNL obj
'Get new derivation.'.
'Appends a message to a binary OSC bundle.'.
'Assert that the given member is read from the current host.'.
'Load a resource from a file.
'Calculates the checksum for the given list of digits.'.
'Translates a locale name to a language name.'.
'Skip a test if the predicate returns true.'.
' callback to generate a linkify outgoing url.'.
'Add a host to the hosts file.
'Displays the current subnet name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a database. DCNL name DCNL The name of the database to
'Sign a URL. DCNL Args: DCNL content_disposition:
'Test remove_from_figure.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Returns the width of the terminal.
'Enable the named event to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Set all quota usage dirty flag for a resource.'.
'Get the document text.'.
' ordered product edit page'.
'Return a list of tuples of all server groups.'.
'Parses a subpattern.'.
'Get the number of sides based on the precision.'.
'load messages from file'.
'Return a network\'s hosts config in dnsmasq format.'.
'Loads the data from the database into the specified folder.'.
'Converts text to markdown.'.
'Tries to open a SOAP message with the given protocol and DCNL returns True
'Deletes a device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Convert cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates.'.
'Convert a string representation of a node to a font.'.
'New folder form'.
'Return entity group kind.'.
'Helper function to create a titled group.'.
'Returns True if val is a valid bool string.'.
'escapes a string for inclusion in a URL.'.
'Returns true iff the params containsScorerSpec.'.
'Add a lock to a list of packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns the type of the given interface, e.g.
'Prepends the root directory to the opts dictionary DCNL :param opts:
'Get command to be used for LaTeX.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the username of the current process.'.
'Set the indentation level.
'Table with fixed width twoline.'.
'Generates a list of n words with a randomly chosen word. DCNL Args
'Parse options for shorts.'.
'Convert the xml element.'.
'Build a tunnel request to the specified host and port.'.
'stmts : statement_stmts'.
'Get and return cookie header.'.
'Adds a new BatchJob to upload operations to.
'Extract the error code from an exception.'.
'Start a daemonized process. DCNL Args: DCNL pidfile: The
'Returns a table of word embeddings DCNL Args: DCNL options:
'Determine the default project to use.
'Forgets the canvas from the list of canvas instances.'.
'Return the output of nested objects'.
'Returns True if the two paths are the same.
'Get an integer.'.
'Create a tarball from a file'.
'Creates a new table.
'Get the names of all available plugins.'.
'Summarize markdown. DCNL :param md: markdown string DCNL
'Add a dependency.'.
'Compute the inverse of a matrix.
'Detach a volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns the element at index i in a, in the same order as DCNL
'Test that hcae.yaml can be loaded.'.
'Returns the integer remainder of n as an unsigned integer.'.
'Return a uniform wait time between 0 and 100'.
'Returns a list of all defined names.'.
'Split a list of strings into a list of strings.'.
'Index page. DCNL :param res: DCNL :type res:
'Decompress the data and return the result as a string. DCNL :param
'Time-based Time-of-originator DCNL Example: DCNL
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :func:`pyramid.set
'Test has_at_ least_one_key.'.
'Return a random inter-key interval. DCNL Parameters DCNL interkey
'Takes a scene name and returns a list of scene names.'.
'Return True if mne-c is available.'.
'Returns True if the user can access the given view name.'.
'Returns ( receiver, function_code, function_name) for the given function.
'Get the value of a variable annotation.'.
'Find the n largest elements in a dataset. DCNL Equivalent to: sorted
'HTML-escape a URL attribute.
'Find a sample file in neutron.'.
'<url> - gets <url> from isup page.'.
'Inserts \'/\' at the beginning of sys.path to sys.path
'Concatenate indexed dataframes along given axis. DCNL Parameters DCNL dfs
'Builds a resolver.'.
'Convert OVS frequency string to Hue frequency DCNL :param frequency_string
'rem(t) -> int DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer
'Get the file_spec.'.
'Returns the full url for the given WSGI environment.
'Converts a time in seconds into an epoch. DCNL :param t:
'Return extension.'.
'Truncates a string to a maximum number of characters.'.
'Run unit tests.'.
'Shows a figure.'.
'Computes the L2 loss for all the test cases.'.
'Install the virtual environment'.
'Prepare an array to be a float array.'.
'Get the most recent git changeset. DCNL :rtype: datetime'.
'Get the password of a database DCNL :param name: DCNL :
'List groups of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an element into a list of layers.'.
'Create a config dictionary for use in manage.yaml file.'.
'Try to parse the content of a document into an index. DCNL :param
'Check for \'assert true false is not true'.
'Serialize the support data for the site configuration.'.
'Registers a flag whose value can be a string.
'Create a list of fixed ips.'.
'Test that "typical" memory error is raised.'.
'condition command'.
'Generate a random string of specified length.'.
'Replace :func:`os.fork` with :func:`os.fork
'Returns a nicely formatted frame relation string.'.
'If the element with the `css_selector` is present, it will wait for
'Given a trail name, check to see if the trail exists.
'Suggest column and alias names when selecting multiple DCNL columns from table alias.
'Compute the symbolic factor of an expression DCNL Parameters DCNL expr :
'Migrate VM to new format.'.
'xbm(h) -> string DCNL Return True if xbm(h
'Return a config object ready to be passed to the test suite.'.
'Checks whether user can upload dictionary.'.
'Verifies that the provided file contains the specified log records.'.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Converts a time to UTC.
'Make sure that all parent directories in *nsp* have the same DCNL
'Split a string at a single separator. DCNL >>> split_at_single
'Returns the URL for the handler associated with the given block.
'Return the distance between two points.'.
'Remove outliers from seqs DCNL seqs: list of Seq objects DC
'Test that metadata merge throws an exception when there is a conflict DCNL between two
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Generate documentation for all available services.'.
'Returns POST data.'.
'Create an ImageProperty object'.
'Save an image to a file.
'Computes the Levenshtein distance between a line and a point.
'Remove a leader from the group.'.
'Make a string safe to use in a template'.
'Return the labels a node belongs to.
'Check for invalid keys in kwargs and compat_args.'.
'Simple test for simples.'.
'Test that we don\'t raise an error if the tokenization fails.'.
'Make sure AST can compile validtry'.
'Return the name of the node that owns this host.'.
'Return a measure of the similarity between 0 and 100 but sorting by token DCNL
'Displays billing details. DCNL :param order: Order DCNL :
'Returns True if step_type is a spark step type.'.
'Describe a method. DCNL :param method: Method instance DCNL
'Takes a list of lines and updates them in place DCNL :param old
'Converts a file to a list of strings. DCNL :param filename:
'Computes the Manhattan distance between two users.
'Test baseline of evoked data.'.
'Load globals to monitor'.
'Change the font name from one font to another.'.
'Return whether we can query journald.'.
'Set the IAM policy on a topic.'.
'Watch assets.'.
'Return the name of the data disk to use DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns True if the source can be parsed as a votable tag.'.
'Takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string DCNL using values
'Check if a list of eigenvalues are stable. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Same as a - b.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system'.
'This is a helper function that returns a dictionary of arguments to DCNL test functions
'Sum the matrix along the given axis.
'Return the JSON validator data dict.'.
'Return all nodes connected to the given node.'.
'Destroy the named container(s) DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Plot a layout. DCNL Parameters DCNL show : bool DCNL
'Return an MD5 hash of the given file. DCNL :param afile
'Basic compound inverse test.'.
'Element-wise exponentiation. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer
'Make sure all tables exist.'.
'Output the console log of the given scenario to a file.'.
'Converts a string into an HTML5lib XML-like string.'.
'Return the value of the job with the given name. DCNL :param name
'Read samples from file and return them as numpy array.'.
'Return a JSON representation of the machine translation services.'.
'Returns the effective router for a given app.'.
'Return the path to the XDG config directory.'.
'Infer compression from filepath or buffer.'.
'Returns the JSON value of the request body.
'Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.'.
'Returns True if the given command should be run.'.
'Get username. DCNL :param str username: DCNL :return:
'Abort an action. DCNL :param session: SQLAlchemy session DCNL :
'Converts a scope name to a list of scopes.
'Extract the version number from VERSION.txt DCNL Returns: DCNL (
'Given an exception, return an appropriate error message.'.
'Set Bonjour configuration.'.
'Returns True if each element of the list is an ID pair.'.
'Authorizes the current user and returns the new request token and secret.'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Test that the file is in complete.'.
'Removes an IIS application pool.
':param proxy: DCNL :param bindings: DCNL :param bindings:
'Test that a project cannot be saved without a checkstyle'.
'Select a proxy for a URL.
'Returns a CookieJar from a dictionary.'.
':param http_code: http_code DCNL :type message: string DC
'Returns an integer rounded to n.'.
'Copies a document to a document_pb.Document protocol buffer.'.
'Get the path of a Python module.'.
'Get the maximum of a pair of numbers.'.
'Get the device name from the request.
'Get the pid for a given dev.
'Split an absolute URI into its component parts, DCNL the rest of the URI
'Return a CIX tree from the given CIX path.
'Decode an encoding. DCNL :param enc: DCNL :param encoding
'Get or create a single mrjob service role DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Validates that \'value\' is a positive integer or None.'.
'Install a new button.'.
'Renders the given template using the given renderer and template_dict.'.
'Write a file to disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return True if the named service is
'Run a single replica. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Ensure that the named org is absent DCNL name DCNL The name
'Returns the value of the request\'s GET parameter as an int.'.
'Returns the score of the block from the submissions_scores dictionary.'.
'Update the lut list of colors.'.
'Return a font entry with the given family name, style, variant, weight, and
'Scans and returns a list of instances that can connect to znc DCNL
'Converts a list of integer values to a255 value. DCNL :param
'Converts an IP string to a number.'.
'Get proxies from os.environ.
'Returns the basename of a path.'.
'Removes a layer from the GeoNode catalogue.'.
'L3 inside'.
'Test ec2 integration'.
'Main program. DCNL Args: DCNL adgroup_id: The
'Generate a token. DCNL :param key: The key to generate the token
'Computes the absolute absolute value of a polynomial in ``K[X]`
'Test PSD noise.'.
'Only load if consul is installed'.
'Run pyexcelerate.'.
'Shut down the connection to the device.'.
'Returns True if the given process\'s cmdline is correct. DCNL :param
'Return an HTTP server instance for the current process.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Puts down the terminal.
'Update the quotas for a tenant.'.
'Move to the beginning of the line.'.
'Print text with given colors.'.
'Set the logging level.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Get the mode of the specified device
'Create a snapshot of the image.'.
'Returns True if the last error page was used by the current thread, DCNL
'Compute the power spectral power of a random sample DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return a dict of before and after block offsets.'.
'Get the data for a URL. DCNL :param url: DCNL
'Log a message at the WARNING level.
'Get full dict for language'.
'Returns an iterator over (min_row, max_row, max_col)
'Return the targets from the roster template DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a list of (width, height, connections) tuples.'.
'Make sure the header matches the pattern.'.
'Returns true if the object is a data object.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'The max length of a feature based on table keys.'.
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL quote(s) -> string DC
'Read and return a TP packet from the given data.'.
'Dump the contents of a Biff file to a file.
'Get the current system username.'.
'Search for vcvarsall. DCNL Returns: DCNL {\'<
'Flatten a string. DCNL >>> _flatten(\'/a/b
'Register a test function as a test class.'.
'Return a dictionary containing information about the switcher DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Merge a file and return the merged file DCNL :param path_from:
'Run a command and return its stdout and stderr.'.
'Read packets from the socket.'.
'Converts an IPv6 address in printable form into an RFC1924 compliant DCN
'Get an object by name in the view hierarchy.'.
'Update symlinks for all renewal files in config DCNL :param config:
'Bellekamp polynomial in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Returns a response with the given etag stripped.'.
'Activate API deployment for a given restApiId and deploymentId.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function.
'Converts a cgi-encoded response into a context manager. DCNL :param
'Updates the regkey attribute of all child elements of policy_item.'.
'Return string with quotes escaped.'.
'Upgrade all packages to the latest available version.
'Get the profile basename.'.
'Validates and returns an IPv4netmask. DCNL :param addr:
'New category form'.
'Register a service in sys.modules.'.
'Return serial number from show version output DCNL :param show_ver: DC
'Returns the absolute url for the given path.'.
'Get intersection of x intersection indexes.'.
'A view that redirects all requests to the same URL after n times.'.
'Generate masq config file'.
'Move a stored file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path:
'Returns a query for all quotas.'.
'Evaluates ``f(a)`` in ``GF(p)[x
'Convert Markdown to HTML.
'Test denoising on a 3D object.'.
'Deletes the transaction information for the specified rebalance.
'Ensure that the ca filesystem exists.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL keep_awake - True if
'Test array transforms.'.
'atom : atom_tuple DCNL | atom_tuple DCNL | atom
'Generate PNG PNG files for all the files in frontpage_pn
'Log a message with severity \'DEBUG\' on the root logger.'.
'Returns a list of words in the file.'.
'yaml: gitlab- request DCNL Execute gitlab build process.
'Infer the return type from the given arguments.'.
'Formats a localizable value.
'List availability zones. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Returns a dictionary with the following attributes: DCNL (name, value)'.
'Returns an iterator over all nodes matching the given path. DCNL :param path
'Test that we don\'t try to use the CUDA driver.'.
'Make plots of both the training and test accuracy and the DCNL test accuracy.
'Returns a string representing the tree details DCNL :param nodes: DCNL
'Returns a class object appropriate for the given data class and DCNL returns it.
'Assert that no element is found by xpath selector.'.
'Write data to a tty log file. DCNL :param logfile: open file
'View that checks the user\'s password and presents a password reset link.
'Parse a sorted query. DCNL :param query_cls: sqlalchemy model class
'Returns unique value for given type and id.'.
'Computes variance. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of
'Return strategy name.'.
':param issue_time: DCNL :return:'.
'The main function.'.
'Test to make sure the rules are properly matched.'.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Compute residual.'.
'Get a single option value.
'Run the actual load thread.'.
'Convert a tag string to a list of tags.'.
'Get the multiprocessing logger.'.
'Return a list of the jobs that match the criteria'.
'View for the login page.'.
'Attach translations to a collection. DCNL :param collections: DCNL :
'Convert a projected entity to a message.
'This will store the language information dictionary for the given language DCNL code in the
'infer the frequency of a pandas index DCNL Parameters DCNL index : str
'Returns True if the currently logged-in user is admin.'.
'Setup the hyperion platform.'.
'Convert a list of key/value pairs into a ConfigInfo object.'.
'Add cell to task log.'.
'Get a plugin by name.
'Assert that two objects are not equal.
'Load a test suite from a directory.'.
'Return an RGB color. DCNL r, g, b DCNL a
'A custom key function that takes a key and a prefix and returns the DCNL
'Write the properties.app xml.'.
'Read a numpy array from a file.
'Prints a usage message.'.
'Get the second component.'.
'Create zone service. DCNL :param service: Service instance DCNL :
'total_seconds(delta) -> int DCNL total_seconds(delta)
'Return a file writer for the given file handle.
'Summarize variables. DCNL Args: DCNL train_vars (
'Checks whether the user can access the repository review.'.
' lighten(color, percent) -> color DCNL lighten(color,
'Process xmlElement by svgReader.'.
'Remove any new regions from the datastore.'.
'Draws a scatterplot of xs and ys.
'Process docstring.'.
'Return the component at the index of the start iconset.'.
'Generate test data for shell invocation.'.
'Assert that the expression does not have a non-None value.
'Returns the name of the user which Qemu is running in.'.
'Returns the user\'s authenticated user ID.'.
'Return the file extension from the ` imp` module for the given filename.'.
'Create a directory at the given path, creating it if it doesn\'t exist.
'Returns a list of blog post objects for the given blog post.'.
'Print debug message.'.
'Delete all image properties.'.
'Check source code withpep8'.
'Return swap memory as a named tuple.'.
'Convert params to a list of dicts.'.
'Close selected components.'.
'Generate a string containing all the unit summary for the given namespace.'.
'Test sensitivity_specificity_support.'.
'Returns the email address for the given SMS number.'.
'Return a GCP connection.'.
'Stop the virtual machine.'.
'Check to see if the machine is up to date.'.
'Concatenate two sequences. DCNL >>> list(seq_concat_seq(
'Compile the API client.'.
'Create a new service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Starts a generation of certificates for a particular course.
'Wrapper around _ll_nbp.'.
'Create a script from settings.'.
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Process a failed file DCNL :param Directory: Directory to process DCNL
'Check if a table has a constraint with the given name.'.
'liability edit page'.
'Returns general configuration.'.
'Convert ID64 to 32bit ASCII format. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns a deep copy of the data structure DCNL Parameters DCNL data_
'Test userprofile short-list.'.
'Parse the output spec. DCNL :param output_spec: The output spec
'Sends a DELETE request and acts as a generic formatter for the response.'.
'Downloads a video by vid.'.
'Returns the Python version as a string.'.
'Return the value of the requested metric DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A dummy function that returns a dummy object.'.
'Creates a new lock object.'.
'Gets a list of exploration ids matching a query string.
'Computes the inverse of a matrix.
'Unpack unicode update pos.'.
'Reshapes the incoming tensor.
'Data parallelization. DCNL :param input_device_ids: DCN
'Return the version of Open vSwitch DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the current thread is in INI read mode.'.
'Test that pootle_path cannot be saved for non language'.
'Only load the module if boto is installed'.
'Returns a HttpResponse with the given HTTP code.'.
'Parse an RFC 2822 compliant date string into a time object.'.
'Returns an object based on the given parameters.'.
'Create drawdowns from pnl\'s index DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Builds the prop filter spec.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'>>> r(seqn) DCNL enter DCNL enter DCN
'Creates a new user. DCNL Args: DCNL admin_group
'Flatten a nested list. DCNL :param obj: DCNL :
'Tests that MLP\'s get_weights() returns the MLP\'s weights
'Recursively merge report_only_policies dict into non-report_only_policies dict
'Create a compute node from the values dictionary.'.
'Checks if there are any problems in the exams section, DCNL if any
'Send email. DCNL :param subject: Email subject. DCNL :
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Given a filepath, returns the type of the file.'.
'Computes the history of a tensor.
'This is a compatibility function for Python 2.x and Python 3.x DCNL where
'Finds the previous version of a file.
'Returns the current storage level.'.
'Computes polynomial GCD of ``f`` in ``K[X]
'dimitem : dimitem LBRACE DCNL | dimitem RBRACE
'Collect host information from host string. DCNL :param hosts: DCNL
'Get local file from nsurl.'.
'Tries to find the mercurial tag for the given path.
'Check for missing whitespace after import keyword. DCNL :param logical_line:
'Returns a tuple of tiers for a device. DCNL :param dev:
'Block the specified signal handler for the specified object. DCNL :param obj:
'Wrapper around map_fn. DCNL # Arguments DCNL fn: function
'Computes the ARCSEch of the given value.
'Set the transaction manager managed state to `True` or `False` if the transaction
'Edit profile.'.
'Return a list of all files matching the glob pattern in the tree at treeroot
'Format the plugin info table.'.
'Return a new dict with items from `data` sorted according to DCNL `
'Convert a blockdevice_id to a dataset_id.'.
'Returns a dict describing specific instance_type.'.
'Returns a generator of n-grams from an iterator of sentences.'.
'Load an inline module.'.
'cd() should work with absolute paths'.
'Validate the number of values in the list. DCNL :param vals: DC
'A two-step backprop loss function. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Get all scene exceptions for a show ID DCNL :param indexer_id:
'retain vertical spacing before comments.'.
'Test dynamic line profile'.
'Match a topic to a subscription name.
'Test fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Returns True if the user is allowed to access the given object.'.
'Return information on all CPUs on the system'.
'Ensure that cookie jar doesn\'t accept the given URL.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalidcut'.
'Computes the Euclidean norm of two vectors.
'Get a list of (name, shortname, longname, help) of all
'fast count for smallints'.
'Remove accent marks from a string.'.
'Set gl configuration'.
'Retrieves the value of the given blob key.'.
'Call use_cached_files. DCNL :param tup: DCNL
'Prints the version.'.
'Returns the absolute value of a float.'.
'Return True if we have the given version in the cache, else False.'.
'Set default configuration values.'.
'Shift divisions if needed. DCNL Parameters DCNL df : DataFrame DC
'Binary log loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true : ndarray DC
'Mark an instance as modified.
'Get a calendar object by name.'.
'Generate a random string of specified length.'.
'Opens a resource and returns a file-like object.'.
'Add in-fill boundary.'.
'Remove a handler reference.'.
'Unload a module. DCNL :param module_name: DCNL
'Validates pack name. DCNL :param name: DCNL :param
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Load a class by name.
'Computes the Gram-decorrelation metric.
'Fix some stuff in makefiles.'.
'Import a public key from a extern key.'.
'Importing vispy.app.app1 should import all the modules listed in DC
'Build a select field for the toolbox section.'.
'Converts an HTML page to a string and returns it as a string.'.
'Returns the name of the permission for the given user. DCNL :param perm
'Lists all documents.'.
'Find files in S3 bucket metadata.'.
'Sends HTML email when a new payment is received.'.
'Return a vector of length `length` from a matrix.
'Test that links to the log files are correctly created.'.
'Return True if all parent tables of a given class are inherited from DCNL parent
'Set configuration option.'.
'Get a configuration rollback DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'RemoveFstab device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if a file exists and is aifo.
'A fixture to enable email subscriptions and round-tripping.'.
'Returns the given string without any quotes.'.
'Return a dict of all IPv6 addresses DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns the PCoA score of the given lines.'.
'Test interactive mode'.
'Compute `up` on values in `left` and `right` in `right
'Handle registration form.'.
'Test Laplace filter with a mask.'.
'Generate color scheme and color map data from options.'.
'Sends a GET request to the API and logs the response.'.
'Validates the device list. DCNL :param data: DCNL :
'Handle delimiter preview. DCNL :param fs: filesystem object DCNL :
'Return a human-readable version of `path`.'.
'Build a qsub command.'.
'Render a genshi template. DCNL :param genshi_data
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order.
'Test creating a working copy.'.
'Returns a link to the course\'s block.'.
'Fetch promo imgs. DCNL :param pk: promo image URL
'Copy a file to the clipboard.
'Print a list of items. DCNL :param items: DCNL :
'Create a new text file with the specified name and DCNL encoding.
'Load an XML tree from the given path.
'Check if we can connect to any of the min_healthy nodes.'.
'Process a string according to the given tables. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Remove user from file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fixture which provides a fake tabbed browser stub.'.
'Efficiently compute subs for constant prec.'.
'Return a human-readable file size.
'creates an object'.
'Yield lines from a list of strings.'.
'Parse the driverdisk line'.
'Returns True if the given tag is a blocklevel tag.'.
'putsecret(secret, value) DCNL :param secret: The secret to
'Creates a Reference from a Reference.
'Returns a list of lines from output_list which are marked to be done.'.
'Get the fabmetheus directory path.'.
'Verifies that a named file exists.'.
'Returns the logarithm of values.'.
':param result: DCNL :param resprovider: DCNL :param result
'Returns a list of all videos in the course.'.
'Parse a URL into a path and environment'.
'Return the value of the given key if the user is not a system admin.'.
'Split a command line into its path, cmd and arguments'.
'Run integration tests.'.
'Print expected diffs. DCNL :param dict diffs: DCNL :param
'a: A theano matrix DCNL b: A theano matrix DCNL Returns
'Return whether the user can edit the setting type for the given model.'.
'Resizes a url to a maximum width. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Convert a pyparsing row to a dict.'.
'Installs a custom language if not already installed.'.
'Returns True if the message is present in this namespace.'.
'Set the active figure to sca.
'Make a request to a location DCNL :param location: Location of the request
'Returns a list of paths to test cases for the given scheme.
'Setup the Tcps sensor.'.
'Returns the language for the given language, script, and region.'.
'Create a QNetworkAccessManager and return it.'.
'Yields all valid collectors. DCNL :param now: DCNL
'Returns the strings contained in the given string.'.
'Fetches an entry from the specified journal table.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Extract port numbers from the port number
'Get the size of an object.
'Get the points from the segment table.'.
'Returns a redirect to the given URL.'.
'Process the data and log it. DCNL :param this_round_fp
'Delete an image tag.'.
'Returns the current year.'.
'Returns the tracer associated with the given pid.'.
'Returns a valid regular variable name.'.
'Same as a is b.'.
'Get user information from HTTP cookie.
'Open a web browser to the specified object.'.
'Return the set of ancestors of G.
'Check the moving order of the data'.
'Main program. DCNL :param operation: DCNL :return:'.
'Get the jump point if it is inside the boundary.'.
'Filter out spurious crowd proposals.'.
'Get a value from the database'.
'Prepare earth positionvel.'.
'Parse snippet file. DCNL :param data: DCNL :param filename
'Helper function to unmap arrays DCNL Parameters DCNL data : array DC
'Returns True if the given IP address is private.'.
'Install the code repository.'.
'Convert hex string to color tuple. DCNL :param s: DCNL
'Get EOL characters from os name.'.
'Returns a formatted string for RFC 339 compliant dates.'.
'Returns a new credentials object with scopes.
'Create a COW image from a backing file DCNL :param backing_file
'Return the contents of the user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Send e-mail to a user\'s reply.
'Parses an interval string. DCNL :param interval_string: The string
'Converts a jobsub_design object into a jobsub_design object.'.
'Returns a generator of (app name, module) pairs.'.
'Load overrides from a config file.
'Try to find out if the VM isllvm or not'.
'Get Openshift version from facts.'.
'Return True if the given stream is supported by DBF.'.
'A generator that iterates over all entities in the datastore.'.
'Replaces any percent-escape characters in a URI.
'Inverts data register bit.'.
'abstract_declarator_opt : abstract_declarator'.
'Ensure we have the correct invoke version.'.
'Creates a GCS environment for the application.
'Get all role assignments for a user.
'Generate random keys. DCNL Parameters DCNL nbits : int DCN
'Test fit sample with 0.5 ratio'.
'Returns the number of children of the course that have the given problem. DCNL
'Extract the line starting at index from a string of text.'.
'Create SAML provider. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Drop an existing site'.
'Log out the user.'.
'Restores the highest status of the app.'.
'Returns the Levenshtein edit distance between two strings.
'List currently configured queues DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of all files matching the basename in dirname.'.
'Get a list of Feed Item Ids used by a campaign feed.
'A simple config page.'.
'Return a list of square-free polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'A demonstration showing how to parse a string of text. DCNL Returns: DC
'List commits. DCNL :param repo: Path of repository DCNL :
'The main function.'.
'Test keyparser.clear_keystring.'.
'Add the x intersection indexes from the loop.'.
'Test get_inst_data.'.
'Get a colormap. DCNL name DCNL The name of the colormap to
'Returns a list of (weight, cost_fn) tuples.'.
'Reshapes the array if necessary.
'Fixture to return a pool of worker processes.'.
'Process the arguments for text fields.'.
'Convert a long to a raw string.
'Convert a relative path reference to an object. DCNL :param ref: DC
'Returns True if the specified resource is enabled.'.
'Wrapper around warnings.warn().'.
'Get and delete messages from the session. DCNL :param include_auth:
'Run the given SSL certificate.'.
'Encode extension value. DCNL Args: DCNL data (str): The
'Returns a tuple containing the directories where templates are located.'.
'Fetches information of a specific IPsecSiteConnection DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Draw the figure if interactive mode is enabled.'.
'Checks if the vlan_interface exists on the compute node.'.
'Test max similarity of a submission.'.
'replace_insensitive(string, target) -> string DCNL replace_ins
'gpu_from_host(gpu_from_host) -> gpu_from_
'Test that a repository is up-to-date DCNL :param repository:
'Deletes a collection summary. DCNL :param collection_id: The ID
'Write a plist object to a string.'.
'User more than one item.'.
'Remove a job from the chat.'.
'Elementwise sigmoid function. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor
'Returns the total number of non-zero elements in input_list, DCNL
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Get and interpret a gcode file.'.
'Returns password of specified field of specified type DCNL :param doctype: DocType
'Returns True if the first argument is equal to the second argument.'.
'Elementwise division. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable
'Decode a JSON string. DCNL :param json_string: The JSON string
' interact with memcached server and client'.
'Returns full spec string without validation of email address. DCNL :param name:
'Set auto_capture_screenshots flag.'.
'Create a link node.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Concatenate epochs together. DCNL Parameters DCNL epochs_list: list
'Return the intersection of all graphs.
'Read config file from environment variables DCNL Returns: DCNL (path,
'convert s to int or raise'.
'Execute a command and read the output as YAML'.
'Returns a random guestbook key.'.
'Returns the questions for the given series. DCNL series_id DCNL
'Send event to users'.
'Renders a template from the LMS template loader.
'Returns the value of a key in a dictionary DCNL If the key does not
'Returns True if the given datetime.datetime is aware.'.
'Remove a metric. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Create an array from an array object DCNL Parameters DCNL obj : array
'Calculates the isotonic regression time for the given time series. DCNL
'Create a new document.'.
'Runs the peep command-line program.
'Create a model from a yaml string.
'Helper function to format and return a key=value pair.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a template.'.
'Get the username of the current user.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Return the CPU architecture. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Get session from file'.
'Get a ctypes library.'.
'Computes the total sum of squares of y.'.
'Return a mock stdout or stderr object.'.
'Add orbits if it is large.'.
'Connect to serial port, login, and logout.'.
'Get the number of image members.'.
'Get a service by host and binary.'.
'Unquote a string or return None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Parse a SQL query and return the resulting Expression.'.
'Get the version of a given cluster.
'Gets the advertisement text mail address for a particular Advertisement.
'Only load the module if the provider is configured'.
'Validates a config against a schema.
'Tries to find a VBD from a VBD.'.
'Builds a list of column names and returns a DataFrame DCNL with all the
'Customize a model DCNL Parameters DCNL network : string DCNL
':type target: str DCNL :type deps: list[str] DCN
'Returns information about the user DCNL :param user: DCNL :param
'Get the version from the system\'s init file DCNL Returns: DCN
'Return an iterator which yields line numbers and lines with comments removed.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Setup the mysensors platform.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List storage accounts associated with the account
'Configures logging.'.
'TODO: DCNL - we don\'t use implicit inheritance.'.
'Return True if backup mode is \'image\''.
'Get a component_review from the database'.
'Convert an OS address in OpenBSD notation to an IP address. DCNL
'List all the state functions in an environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Create a new method to skip a test result.'.
'Coerce string to boolean value.'.
'Test ksample with median over multiple groups DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Return the path to the root directory of the server.'.
'Only load if boto is installed'.
'Remove any calls to rpcfiles from traceback.
'Return a list of Table instances from a list of lines. DCNL :param
'Drop database tables for all models.'.
'Test that generate_import_code returns the same value as generate_import_code
'Log a message if debug mode is enabled.'.
'expr : LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'Get next url for login page.'.
'Convert a sequence matrix to a dictionary of strings.'.
'Look for a script in the def path'.
'Generate RSA keys. DCNL nbits : int DCNL nbits:
'Returns the tag corresponding to the current version ofsympy.'.
'Convert a string into a namespace. DCNL :param t: DCNL
'Return a list of all disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return an iterator over keys of a dictionary.'.
'Load manifest. DCNL Args: DCNL package_name (str):
'Computes the computerawans of the active columns and the previous DCNL
'Run the test module.'.
'Returns a filter object from a function or class.
'Converts a datetime into a time.'.
'Sync returners from ``salt://_returner` to the master DCNL
'Normalizes string, converts to lowercase, removes non-alpha characters, DCNL
'Get a QPixmap object for the specified image DCNL Parameters DCNL name
'Finds the version number in the file. DCNL Parameters DCNL fname
'Test that a validalgo option is passed.'.
'Verifies that the service type is valid and returns a list of services DCNL
'multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression'.
'Submits a Pyspark job.
'Return the absolute path of pardir.'.
'Test that we can import a absolute path to a history file'.
'Deletes one or more artifacts from the datastore.
'Create or update an entrance exam.
'Fetch requirements from a requirements file and return them as a tuple of DCNL tuple
'Convert a store to a translated file.'.
'A strategy to create a `` lease`` object.
'A step to see if the user can edit the display name with html.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Output the graph for LaTeX.'.
'Converts a short string to an RGB color.'.
'Returns the number of open file descriptors in the current process.'.
'Convert a topic resource to the native object.
'Save questions to database DCNL :param questions: DCNL :param series
'Test that we don\'t have a math class that returns a float.'.
'Try to import a module from a path.
'A decorator to mark an option class as being not required.'.
'Creates a new terrangle for country and country name.'.
'Return the application details.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Check if setuptools is installed.'.
'API: accepts metric_name, *args* and *kwargs* DCNL
'Given an artist and an album artist, returns the part of the artist DCNL
'Make sure we have the correct version of numpy.'.
'Generate an image from a source file.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL https://
'Save an object to an HDF5 file.
'Get the local IP address of a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Asserts that two datetimes are equal.
'Setup the apcupsd sensor.'.
'Generate a cookie value.
'Returns the value of the second field in the provided DCNL payload.'.
'Return all nodes that are subclass of superclass.'.
'Write an svg file.'.
'Escape a string for inclusion in a URL.'.
'Computes mean and variance scaling of two arrays.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Given an exception, return an exception message if it exists, DCNL otherwise return
'Test the behavior of --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Return a predicate indicating whether *value* is equal to zero.'.
'Return a list of all committees in the document.'.
'Delete a VPC resource.
'Inverts a mapping. DCNL :param mapping: DCNL :
'Builds a configuration file.'.
'Builds and returns the test suite.'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
':param timestamp: DCNL :return:'.
'new(name, data=b\'\') - Return a new hashing object.
'Writes a Python object to a JSON file.
'Quote a string for use in a URL.'.
'Create a new repository.'.
'Install or reinstall an existing certificate.'.
'Creates missing metrics permissions. DCNL :param view_menu_set:
'Migrate add message prefix.'.
'Get comparison in order to sort points in ascending y order.'.
'Read a graph from a p2g file DCNL Parameters DCNL path
'Return the path to the git repository.
'Returns the state of a process. DCNL :param int pid: DCN
'Test installing a folder using a relative path'.
'Returns True if the given function name is valid. DCNL Arguments: DCN
'Returns the severity of a check.'.
'Checks if the tcl or tapot is installed.'.
'Format all the JSON files in filenames DCNL :param filenames: List of filenames
' resume connection'.
'Get team. DCNL :param state: DCNL :return:'.
'Puts the clipboard to the front of the application.'.
'Elementwise inverse function.
'Get next frame from media player. DCNL.
'Reindex the questions answers.'.
'Creates a message descriptor from a protocol buffer.
'Prunes the expression. DCNL Parameters DCNL lin_op :
'Returns a list of available languages.'.
'Return a resolver class for the given resource type.'.
'Returns True if holiday is available for given holiday date, False otherwise.'.
'Get path with points inside the points inside the radius.'.
'Return True if an entry should be included.'.
' dig <host> DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set up and return plugin requests.'.
'Get the number of bits from the bits stream.'.
'Computes residue derivation.'.
'Converts a list of strings to a comma-separated string.'.
'get_users(api_key, username, password) DCNL Return A
'Hash a password. DCNL :param password: DCNL :param digest
'Get registration code validity. DCNL :param registration_code: DCNL
'Test section description.'.
'Compute a sphere constraint.'.
'Determine if entry should be skipped.
'Return whether we can represent a dtype.
'Delete a BTRFS filesystem.
'Get file names of plugins.'.
'Iterate over struct_items and return struct_items DCNL :param n
'Adds tools to the environment for testing tests. DCNL Args: DCN
'Ensures that the keystone project is absent.
'Computes summary of a collection.
'Compares a screenshot with an image.'.
'Project PIFAC options.'.
'Shuffles a list of arrays.
'Load an image from file. DCNL Parameters DCNL file_name:
'Find an ec2 address by its public ip and device ID. DCNL :
'Adds a code cell to the notebook'.
'Create a hash for the item\'s version.'.
'Run simple multilink'.
'Generate a template file from ns_func.'.
'Returns a dict of parsed link headers. DCNL >>> parse_header_links
'Verify the signature in the message if it is valid. DCNL :param message
'Get the name of the init script.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Read CTC files. DCNL Parameters DCNL fname : str DCN
'Return information about the operating system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test rgb_yuv.'.
'Computes the eigenvalues of each element of the matrix ``p`` DC
'Connect to the ssh server and set the service.'.
'Create a module and set its parent module to the given name.'.
'Parses a pattern specification and returns a list of patterns and DCNL ignore patterns
'Ensure that the named service is currently running. DCNL :param name:
'Eject multivariate polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Generate a string that uniquely identifies an Upid. DCNL :param
'Read `count` bytes using the plain encoding.'.
'Encrypts the given string using the given key.'.
'Read the contents of the specified file into a Python object. DCNL :param
'Shuffles a list of songs.'.
'Validates that a string is a valid slug.'.
'Decorator to mark a test function as up if the WKB forms version is greater than
'Test creating an angle tuple.'.
'Get redis keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Handler for deleting an user from the system.'.
'Returns the type of the sum.
'Send message to project.'.
'Set the namespace of an XML element to new_namespace.'.
'Returns True if the given route_dist is valid, False otherwise.'.
'Format data as a hexadecimal dump. DCNL :param data: DCNL
'Helper function to repeat an API call and return the DCNL result.'.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of \'value\', using a key generated from
'Unfreeze a container.
'A moderator user.'.
'Gets all published tags.'.
'Stop the connection to the specified port.'.
'Create ec2 volume. DCNL :param volume_uuid: UUID of ec
'Returns a conditional statement if the sentence contains any DCNL :param sentence: The
'Invalid memberships are created without email.'.
'Prints the last modified date of an object'.
'Convert a JSON sink to the native object.
'Fetches a list of all configured IPsec policies for a tenant DCNL CLI
'Attempt to import a package or raise an exception if it does not exist.'.
'Return the ssh interface to use'.
'Generate sample RoIs. DCNL Parameters DCNL fg_rois
'Return the encoding of the given text or None if no encoding can be DCNL
'Get the line number of the current file.
'Return information about glusterfs volumes DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a function object and its name from a module callback.'.
'Given a list of values, returns a list of major numbers DCNL such that
'Set index. DCNL Parameters DCNL df : DataFrame DCNL index
'Delete a resource. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param profile
'Remove the element from the pixel list.'.
'Return a polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'Render an icon. DCNL Args: DCNL icon (str): The
'Test getfqdn()'.
'Setup the demolock sensor.'.
'A no-op. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Executes the given code in the given variables.
'Return the platform-specific distribution name.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Clear out the buffer from the remote
'Raise a ValueError if the object is not a CUDA ndarray.'.
'Create an image from the values dictionary.'.
'Queue models. DCNL :param models: DCNL :param context:
'Return the source of the file located in the cache.'.
'Check if file exists.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a specific service DC
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Execute a single highstate test DC
'Swaps the two axes of a tensor along the first axis.
'Set the carrier for the current thread.'.
' fill a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert a dictionary to a pretty JSON string.'.
'Builds a table header.'.
'Set the list of fake nodes.'.
'>>> test_expr() DCNL True DCNL True DCNL
'A bytes feature. DCNL Parameters DCNL values : str DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the result of calling DCNL ``render_xml
'Create a queue. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Decodes a list of predictions.
' runner.run() with a random number'.
'Get a branch, file pair from a string.'.
'Compare two strings. DCNL Args: DCNL a: A string DC
'Start the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of all messages for all JavaScript files in the DCNL \'
'Adds a port to a bridge.
'A context manager to extract a ZIP file to a temporary directory.'.
'Convert an XFS line into a keyset.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Copy the stat info (mode atime, mtime, flags) from src to dst
'Returns the next url based on the POST parameters.'.
'<string> -- swapcase <string>.'.
'Parse a single server block into a dict. DCNL :param server: DC
'Get all issues. DCNL :param project: The name of the project to
'Updates autotest_dir and add_noncompliant tests in autotest
'Test template validation.'.
'<word> -- Returns the antonym of <word>.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Compute the LM of ``f``.
'Create the default groups.'.
'Returns a YAML representation of the states for the exploration.'.
'Run a git command. DCNL :param title: DCNL :param
'Make a CA certificate. DCNL :param common_name: The common name
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.'.
'Test cross validation k-fold cross validation.'.
'Updates profile picture data url for user with given user_id.
'Returns a list of types that have a specialization of DCNL each other.
'Helper function to simplify the match.'.
'Check if a point type is a pointer.'.
'Check to see if the given file exists in one of the include directories.'.
'Runs the given code in the run_globals.
'to(location, falcon.falcon.falcon.HTTP
'Helper function to format a timestamp. DCNL :param ts: DCNL
'Store new ticket. DCNL :param masterkey: The master key to store
'Generate a valid slug for a title.'.
'Returns a list of mirrors for the specified hostname.'.
'Computes the ARMA autocovariance function DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Add a new link to the queue.'.
'Test cluster permutations t-test.'.
'Ensure ceph keyring are present DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'base64-encode(s) -> str DCNL Encode a string using base64-
'Unzip the parameters from a dictionary.'.
'Show the network for a tenant.'.
'Return a dict containing all of the extensions for a CSR.'.
'Helper function to get uuid from label'.
'Conesearch (timer) function. DCNL Usage: DCNL con
'Returns a URL for the given URL.'.
'Get last request error in current thread.'.
'Prewitt on an edge should be a horizontal line.'.
'Install the wxrunner.'.
'Load certificate. DCNL :param names: DCNL :param names:
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Test setting source space from a volume label.'.
'Gets a list of user preferences for the given user_ids.
'Get the physical memory (in bytes) of the virtual machine.
'Get secrets manager for a secret.'.
'Publish progress updates. DCNL :param args: DCNL :param kwargs
'Create an image.'.
'Returns a list of events related to the resource.'.
'Sets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Updates existing client'.
'>>> safe_isinf(True) DCNL True DCNL True
'Mexic Fourier transform DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int DC
'A helpful vote for a given document.'.
'Get file from directory and filename.'.
'Computes the time series DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Updates forum role membership.'.
'Get the total size of a directory. DCNL :param directory: Path to
'Appends an xml text node to the parent element.'.
'Test mdates.drange.'.
'Convert Unicode string to HTML entities.'.
'Returns a list of models to patch.'.
'Lists all tmux configs. DCNL :param tmux_config_directory
'Delete a local route from VRF table.
'Get interpret plugin.'.
'Updates subject_interests. DCNL :param user_id: The user
'Returns whether the element with the given selector is currently focused.'.
'generate_k(order, secexp, hash_func, data) DCN
'Tests datetimes can be made aware of time zone.'.
'Unmount a volume. DCNL :param volume: The volume to unmount
'Returns a list of int ids of running processes DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Get loop without intersections.'.
'Generate an image name from the given file extension. DCNL :param file_
'max(x) -> int DCNL max(x) -> int DCN
'Opens a database file. DCNL Args: DCNL file (str
'Install prerequisites.'.
'Select an item from a sequence. DCNL Args: DCNL x:
'Set deep search parameters. DCNL :param value_to_set: DC
'Return the path to the project\'s directory.'.
' require a password change for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of paths to packages that are bootstrapped with rospack.
'Set the computer name DCNL :param str name: DCNL The computer
'Return a generator which yields unique elements from *seq* DCNL preserving order
'Set the agent settings.
'Read the ed25519 signature from a file. DCNL :param signature_
'Makes a synchronous API call.'.
'Computes a set of ( degree, value) pairs describing the DCNL
'Merge a sorted list into a single sorted list. DCNL :param collection:
'Returns True if the object is a function.'.
'Test that max_pool works with an anonymous variable'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a string.'.
'L3 outside'.
'Gets a list of all credit providers that are available for the course.
'follow a user. DCNL :param username: username. DCNL :
'Retrieves the metadata for the specified document.
'Compute algebraic coefficients.'.
'Returns a tuple of (x, y, z) where x is the power of
'Perform an AMP record lookup. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Test that censure can handle a range of keypoints'.
'Convert unicode string to local unicode.'.
'Return a copy of the string with all chars stripped.'.
'Message delete'.
'Returns the IP of the current machine.'.
'Get the backing file of a disk image DCNL :param path: Path to
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the version from the VERSION.txt file.'.
'Check if the rt-table is available. DCNL :param rt_table
'Notifies about an instance. DCNL :param context: DCNL :
'Remove the paths from the root directory.'.
'Wraps a string or a list of strings into a list of lines.
' bulk rename a document DCNL :param doctype: DocType of the document to
'Returns True if *array* contains one of the elements in choices.'.
'Returns the registration object for the given email address.'.
'Convert a 2D tensor to 1D tensor.
'Send a message to the user when an association fails. DCNL :param message
'Wait for process to finish. DCNL :param process: process to wait DC
'Language: fr -> sucess table colorless'.
'Asserts that the SNR is within the given tolerance.
'Parses a single table. DCNL Args: DCNL source: A
'Render the top-level action list.'.
'Returns URI prefix for desktop configuration.'.
'Enable the specified module.
'Return True if the two polynomials are inside the same normal.'.
'Flow a gcode linear move text.'.
'iteration_statement : LPAREN expression RPAREN statement RPAREN statement'.
'Extract boolean value. DCNL Args: DCNL name: string DCN
'Assert that the world can be parsed back to its original form'.
'Test the main module.'.
'Return True if the given node is an abstract base class.'.
'Returns the course key for aoursetalk.
'Returns True if the given file-like object is readable.'.
'Return whether the user can edit the group.'.
'Submits a task to generate a CSV file containing information about DCNL may
':param container: The container object. DCNL :param container: The container object
'Convert MNIC and MNIC coordinates to MNIC coordinates DCNL
'Returns the version of the current process DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run a command on a child process and return its stdout.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Set up 2 axes with polar parameters.'.
'Computes the cone. DCNL :param individual: DCNL
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Tests that unit summary has no prefixes in its name.'.
'Context manager for temporarily disabled session management.
'Return the minimum of the value between low and high.'.
'Compute a hash for a file. DCNL :param fname: Path to file
'Returns a response that expired.'.
'Get an external IP address'.
'Assigns a random region to a resource.'.
'Get a listening socket.'.
'Checks if the system has a crypto module.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Max reduction. DCNL # Arguments DCNL axis: int DCNL
'Return True if we are in Qt console, False otherwise.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a set of all supported uri schemes. DCNL :param uri_s
'Get the documentation.'.
'Return a panel with properties from parents.
'Get the database instance.'.
'Updates the existing options for the given model.
'Returns a string representing the time zone offset (e.g.
'Test power expansion.'.
'Load mime-types from a list of directories. DCNL :param mimetype_
'Test port validation.'.
'Set the time limit for a scheduled task.
'Return the unit price for the given offer.'.
'associate one or more floating IPs.'.
'Renders a single dashboard column. DCNL Args: DCNL context (
'Deletes a queue DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Returns True if entry contains only valid hex digits.'.
'Inserts a new primitive tab.
'Computes the logarithm of a number x.
'Takes a string and returns a list of lines, with each line wrapped DCN
'match_all(string, trie) -> [string] DCNL match all
'Execute the workerctl command on the load balancer DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Asserts the index of item1 and item2 is less than or equal to item
'Test sensor value from code.'.
'Get the rounded toplaces string.'.
'Waits for a snapshot to reach a certain status.
'Read a matrix from a string. DCNL :param matrix: The matrix to
'Create an Option values object from a list of values.'.
'Fixup an in-del tag in a document.'.
'Prints the expression in the julia representation.'.
'Returns the list of locations to be ordered.
'Get image from test_data_root'.
'Given a sample object, call the "create" or "update" methods DCN
'Return a canvas with blending images.'.
'Parse a date in the format YYYYMMDD or YYYYMMDD
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'Get lines without redundancy.'.
'Register a schema. DCNL :param path: DCNL :param schema
'Print a summary of the results.'.
'Format a string for HTML output.
'Extracts and returns the version string from the nova version DCNL output.'.
'Parse a list of test cases into a list of Test instances.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a random integer with n bits set to n.'.
'Uploads the current project to VCS.'.
'alloca_once_value(value) -> value DCNL allocates a
'Return a complex scalar. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : numpy.ndarray
'RESTful CRUD resource factory method.'.
'Add a host to the specified aggregate.'.
'Returns the name of the backing file for the given volume.'.
'Returns an iterator over all the plugin keywords.'.
'Returns a list of all available power types DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Reload all child modules'.
'Login to Google voice.'.
'A view that indicates that the user has permission to access the DCNL resource.
'Ensure that the named container is present. DCNL name DCNL The
'Get the Vprinter interface. DCNL.
'Hilbert mode'.
'Parses the input spec and returns a list of images.'.
'Get a template library.'.
'Get the application runtime location.
'Get all models.'.
'Require a package to be installed with the given requirements.
'Show the vocabulary. DCNL :param id: the id of the vocabulary to
'Return a list of active virtual machine names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return package name from package data. DCNL :param data: DCNL
'Parse a list of tokens separated by commas.'.
'Remove media list item from L{libvlc_media_list}. DCNL
'Removes all.pyc files under path.'.
'Returns the URL for the file with the given mod, and the DCNL filename
'Render debug CSS for a theme'.
'Return True if align_percent_field is not set'.
'Cleans up files from both public and private storage.'.
'Return the width of a 32 bit integer.'.
'Check if an upgrade is available for the named package DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Normalize a URL. DCNL Args: DCNL href (str): The
'Initialize all parameters.'.
'Computes the commutation matrix between p and q.
'Test distance comparison.'.
'Return a string of the given hexadecimal number.'.
'Wait to see if all scenarios have been selected.'.
'Generate a section for adding/removing/removing/removing/removing
'Convert seconds to a human-readable time string.'.
'Fetch streams. DCNL :param plugin: DCNL :param interval:
'Test range of float values'.
'Get the arounds from the loop.'.
'Validates the response and raises a PlotlyRequestError if it fails.'.
' project(v, w) -> vector DCNL project(v, w)
'complete_rules(rules) -> list DCNL complete_rules(rules)
'Computes the summary of an exploration.
'Unvouch a user.'.
'Initialize the module with the given arguments.'.
'Get an object from the session\'s identity map.
'Log a message with severity \' warning\' on the root logger.'.
'Require the `project-bar` test project.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a list of complex
'Create and return a :class:` multiprocessing. managers.SyncManager` instance.
'Returns True if all objects are compatible according to their types.'.
'Returns True if the given role exists in the MS SQL server.
'Setup the Command switches.'.
'Delete one or more models asynchronously.
'Executes a mysqldump job DCNL :param site: The site
'Sanitize a string for use in a config file.'.
'Calculates the duration of num_samples samples in GStreamer DCNL
'Returns a human-readable name for the given iface dtype.'.
'Parse a size specification. DCNL :param text: DCNL :param
'Returns a list of targets that are qualified target names.'.
'Return a normalized HTML string.'.
'Get the appid from the remote server.
'Create a new tablib dataset with the given headers and data.
'Delete zone.'.
'Gets the scatter property for an entity.
'Unregister a mimetype handler.
'Logs out the user and displays \'You are logged out\' message.'.
'Compute the \'compute\' of an expression DCNL Parameters DCNL expr
'Returns True if the file is empty or is not can be pruned.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL enter a standby for an autos
'Returns a list of IPv6 addresses assigned to the host.
'Returns the absolute path to the stylesheet.
'Sends a single API call.
'Check to see if we are in the correct location.'.
'MPTT results list.'.
'strings.rfill returns full string'.
'Assert that all instances of `list_` are of type `class` DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Registers the given storage pool
'Reload csf DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove object_transient_sysmeta_prefix from key'.
'Rename file or directory *old* and remove file or directory *new* DCN
'Same as broadcast, but returns arrays instead of arrays.'.
'Start a VM. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Test setting up volume source space.'.
'Return the full ipset command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is a KML string.'.
'Add pillars output to negatives and positives.'.
'Install a package. DCNL :param pkg_name: The name of the
'Raise exception with jinja error message.'.
'Check that rows and columns sum to the same dimension.'.
'Return the machine name.'.
'Replaces \':\' with \':\' oneline.'.
'Feature.from_file sets scenario line and scenario filename'.
'Returns a string representation of a datetimetolog time.'.
'Compute ``f / g`` where ``f`` and ``g``
'Return the hexdigest of the contents of a file DCNL :param path: Path
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from seq.'.
'Returns the components of ``f`` in ``x``.
'Returns True if the registration should be approved, False otherwise.'.
'Assert that p1 and p2 are completely close.
'Delete a topic rule.
'Create a software switch.
'Test getting completion for default parameters'.
'Copy all files under \'src\' into \'dst\'.
'Escapes &, <, >, etc.'.
'Build a new HTML page.
'Converts a string to a lower-case string.'.
'this just in'.
'Executes a statement in a session with the given parameters.'.
':param oauth_request: The request to verify DCNL :param oauth_request
'Loads a model from a file.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Ensure role does not exist in Keystone catalog DCNL name DCNL
'Returns True if the string is a channel. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Upload template to remote and reload it if needed.'.
' Uplink busy Section 9.2.12'.
'legacy HTML escape function. DCNL :param string: String DCNL :
'Creates a query to filter items based on FilterForm arguments'.
'Returns a link to a sub navigation item.'.
'Commits a commit.'.
'Return True if all attributes are valid'.
'Extracts the items from the sample. DCNL :param data: DCN
'splitquery(\'/path\') --> \'/path\', \'
'Ensure that named package includes a subpath of path_item'.
'A context manager which is a nested context manager.
'Convert mcycles to seconds.'.
'Get the description.'.
'Test installing from a file index hash link'.
'Returns a reference to a network adapter type. DCNL :param adapter_type
'Run all tests.'.
'Returns the user\'s profile class.
'Set the location list. DCNL :param diagnostics: DCNL :param
' condense_semicolons(css) -> string DCNL Return condense
'Return the HMAC-SHA256 digest of the given string.'.
'Get a namespace by ID'.
'Returns a collate expression.
'Return the first match for the pattern in the string val.'.
'Return whether the specified plugin is enabled based on rabbitmqctl list_enabled_plugins
'Convert a timedelta to a number of seconds.'.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_decimalnl_short( StringIO DC
'Remove all files matching one or more glob patterns.'.
'Returns a compiled regex to match indexname\'s TOC pattern.'.
'Convert a string of bytes to a chunk. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Partitions a list of nodes. DCNL :param nodes: DCNL :
'Returns a list of placeholders that extend the given node.'.
'Test the plugin\'s page links plugin.'.
'Extract an element from its parent.'.
'Check if the user is not logged in.'.
'Returns True if the provided string is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.'.
'Parse kind sizes. DCNL :param kinds: DCNL :return:
'Returns a map of the given attributes to the given object.'.
'Move a stored file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path:
'Load the default PIL font.'.
'Parses a format method string and returns a tuple of keys, args, DCN
'Get a key for a CA certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the command line arguments for the crawl process.'.
'Annotate a string with an index into unicode.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by connection.'.
'Get the value of a hash field.
'Makes a path relative to the current machine\'s home directory.'.
'Debug function.'.
'Test that we can import a package'.
'Returns the maximum absolute value of a matrix.
'Setup the NVR devices.'.
':type bot: cloudbot.CloudBot DCNL :type bot: clou
'Convert a list of filenames to a single filename'.
'Process the bitmap data into a native data structure. DCNL :param bitmap:
'http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.action
'Converts a dictionary to a list of transformed paths.'.
'Check if obj is a valid set of binary operators.'.
'Try to cast an object to a target.
'Computes histograms of nbins images DCNL Parameters DCNL img
'check_password(option, opt, value) -> value DCNL Return the
'Create a new triple descriptor object for the given key and iv.'.
'Get the network associated with a bridge.'.
'Draws graph G with spectral layout.
'pair hmm alignment with unaligned seqs'.
'Get a toy dataset and test set.'.
'Ask for a single option for a config value.'.
'Default error handler.'.
'Get vlm_media instance position by name or instance id. DCNL.
'pprint a dictionary of parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL params : dict DC
'Decorator to skip test unless lms is enabled.'.
'Parse the autopart line'.
'Given a list of statuses, return a dictionary of reverifications. DCNL
'Add the site to the context.'.
'Get sys.path for venv.'.
'Enable ratelimit configuration.'.
'Returns a constant variable.
'[length] - gets a password.'.
'Test collection exit on collection errors with maxfail failures.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Test negative distance.'.
'Change retention policy of a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Appends `string_` to the response.'.
'Create a property object from a dictionary.
'Get the content of a file in S3 and delete it.
'Return the name of the given type.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Get ip of the given master (SMB) DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Given a list of repository_dependencies, returns a tuple of (repository_dependencies,
'Iterate over fields. DCNL :param fields: DCNL :param
'Remount from the device. DCNL :param context: DCNL :
'Send message to Hipchat v2.
' skew(a) -> array DCNL skew(a) -> array DCN
'Adds the xml tag with the given depth and local name.'.
'>>> printplet target() DCNL >>> print target() DCNL DC
'Remove double quotes from text.'.
'archive sources.txt into sources_dir DCNL :param package: Name of
'Prettify OrderLine'.
'Get all groups belonging to a project.'.
'Returns True if string is a canonical int.'.
'Get all hosts.'.
'Returns the bridge name.'.
'Returns a sort key for the given dict.'.
'Default export transform.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether CORS features are available for the given frequency. DCNL
'>>> test_reraise() DCNL True DCNL >>> test_
'Return a list of rules saved in the specified conf file.
'Create GeoNode database'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.'.
'Returns the number of commits in the repository.
'Convert a version string to a tuple.'.
'Returns a feed for the specified group.'.
'Initialize the viewer. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset : Dataset DCNL
'Concatenate a list of models with an attribute that may have multiple values.'.
'Run the event loop and wait for the event loop to finish.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL Args: DCNL text (str): text
'Returns the package name for the given file path.'.
'Formats a string as HTML with the given separator and arguments DCNL Parameters DCN
'Adds foreign key classes to the list of models.
'Get information about a package.
'Compare two namespaces.'.
'Train the model.'.
'Resizes collection. DCNL :param data: DCNL :param socket
'Test whether a path exists. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str
'Calculate additional variables for use in the build.'.
'Searches for all files in the snippet directories in the current working directory.'.
'Given a list of dicts, returns a dict with the current metadata DCNL and
'Returns a list of SID objects from a list of SID objects.'.
'Get the annotation value for the given node.
'Get the data about a snapshot DCNL :param repository: Path to the repository
'Returns a session counter, e.g.
'Write the string table.'.
'Raise an exception with the given arguments.'.
'DEPRECATED: use :py:func:`py:func:`py
'Displays an error message.'.
':param path: Path to test coverage to check DCNL :param config: Test
'Load glyph from font.'.
'Get the first and last day of a month.'.
'Return a list of all available drivers.'.
'Compute the inverse of a vector.'.
'>>> ceil_shift(n, b) DCNL True DCNL
'Return a matrix that rotates around the given axis by the given angle.'.
'Returns whether or not an upgrade is available for a package.
'Returns the commit message for accepted suggestion.'.
'Send email.'.
'Marks a function as public.
'Returns a list of valid fields for a datastore resource.
'Return rotational matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : float DCN
'Test model\'s get_param_vector method.'.
'Return a list of all enabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the grains from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering.'.
'Read a normal table.'.
'Convert a list of tuples into a string of the form DCNL >>> a_
'Returns a list of matching services'.
'Detects all executable paths in a list of source values.
'Set properties for an image.'.
'Get all GL entries for a given account. DCNL :param company: The
'Returns a list of messages from the report with the given name'.
'Quote a string for use in a URL.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for OpenStack 2.x systems.'.
'Parses a date string into a human readable date string.'.
'Find the appropriate migration repository.'.
'Process a list of rules into a list of rules.'.
':param self_dir: The directory where the coverage report will be stored DCNL
'Convert textual form into a binary form. DCNL.
'Return the number of lines and width of the terminal.
'Converts a single batch to a scipy.sparse matrix.
'cache the contents of a local file DCNL :param path: DCNL
'Returns the URL to remove_tag for a question.'.
'Helper to inject functions into PyOpenGL2 namespace.'.
'Get the URL of the remote repository.'.
'Determine if the pixel from rect1 is the same as the pixel from rect2.
'Extract the error message from a page.
'Set a HTTP proxy for the server.
'Return True if *name* should be ignored.'.
'Get vlm_media instance title. DCNL.
'Start logging to a log file.
'Check to see if the host is still alive.'.
'Get the list of all proxies to bypass DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Parse a string according to the Onblog 8-bit date format'.
'Generate a unique identifier for an entry.'.
'Get metric by name from qiime.beta_metrics.'.
'Test config.google_home_listen_port method.'.
'Decode a string to a unicode string.'.
'Generate a random salt.'.
'Format a stat response. DCNL :param msgs: DCNL :return
'Creates and returns a low-level low-level low-level low-level
'Add xml from vertexes.'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from iterable.'.
'Returns the value of the current environment variable.
'Returns the current access key.'.
'Get the currently active job.
'Remove the directory `path` if it exists and is empty.
'Return True if user is visible in this list.'.
'Given a list of service names, returns a list of scope strings for DCNL
'unsort(string, extended) -> string DCNL Return the unsorted
'Removes leading lines from a list of lines.'.
'Check that the version of Salt is greater than or equal to the configured version.
'Get the name of an object.'.
'Generate a random password. DCNL :param length: The length of password to
'Export a gcode linear move text.'.
'Create and return manifest instance from xml file or string.'.
'Converts a piece of plain text to HTML. DCNL :param text:
'Check if the status register is inacknowledge. DCNL.
'Format the value as a human readable file size.
'Handler for qute settings page.'.
'Concatenate a sequence of arrays.
'Initialize readline_completion_vars.'.
'Resizes promo images. DCNL :param src: DCNL :
'Returns True if the given action is required.'.
'Submit a draft for a registration choice.'.
'Sends an email to the user about their decisions.'.
'Builder for rebulk object.'.
'Copies a query option to a search_service_pb.QuerySpec.'.
'Computes the angle along the given axis.
'Represent user name DCNL.
'Split a string into quoted and unquoted parts.'.
'Send and receive packets at layer 2 DCNL.
'>>> dict_from = {\'a\', \'b\', \
'Create a new user.'.
'Loads images into a dictionary. DCNL :param img_names: list
'Generates the tab list to show the current depth. DCNL :param depth
'Creates a recurring job. DCNL :param job_id: The job
'Return True if x is at origin.'.
'Create or update volume type extra specs.'.
'Find all tests in the test suite.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Initialize the logging handler.
'Compute contrast matrix for all pairs of nm. DCNL Parameters DCNL nm
'Get the root device name from the device properties DCNL :param properties: DC
'Compute lfilteredsfilt(sos) DCNL Parameters DCN
'Returns a JSON-compatible representation of tag vocabulary.'.
'Test channels-dropping functionality.'.
'yaml: ownership DCNL Allows custom ownership of several coowners
'Get the leftmost complex point.'.
'Initialize the database.'.
'Get all associations for specified qos specs.'.
'Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime object.'.
'Cache the id for a service.
'Builds a tarball to the geonode installation.'.
'Set the logger class.'.
'Index of lowest value over a specified period'.
'Fermat(n) -> (x, y) DCNL Ferm
'Get a BeautifulSoup document from a URL.'.
'Evaluates the GCD of two polynomials in `g` in `M
'Notifies the user about the new language of the given subproject.'.
'Computes the kernel between two points DCNL Parameters DCNL d1
'Create a link to a backup.'.
'Show a specific job.'.
'Return a zone based on its name or None if it does not exist.'.
'Cull a list of potential regular files.
'Returns a file-like object for the given resource name.'.
'Entry point for XZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
'Creates a pairtree marker for the given folder.'.
'Return a primer version of G.'.
'Returns a WSGI application.'.
'A context manager that silences sys.stdout and sys.stderr.'.
'Test filter max norm.'.
'Make sure the delimiter doesn\'t break the read.'.
'Get the readme files for the repository.'.
'Read cron configuration from file. DCNL :param croninfo_path: Path
'Returns the gated content for the given user.
':param vault: The vault uri.
'Returns True if the user has permission for the group, False otherwise.'.
'Test that we can load adae model from a yaml file.'.
'Process characters that need to be escaped. DCNL :param text: The text
'Parse RabRefaction filename. DCNL :param name_string_string
'Print information about virtual machine.'.
'Parse a range header like: DCNL :param header: DCNL :
'Returns a tuple of (module name, module name) for the given module.'.
'Create a new version for an upload.
'Return a list of available pshell modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Computes compration rate based on metadata'.
'Adds a new language to the translations.'.
'Returns the type of the test result.'.
'Validates a URL against a list of protocol strings.'.
'Make sure that any packages in `pkg_list` are not installed.'.
'Returns the appropriate numba type for the given shape.'.
'Shows extra information about BokehJS.'.
'Returns a datetime object from the given uuid.'.
'Creates DHCP options for a VPC.
'Scan a list of variables. DCNL Parameters DCNL reader : tokenize.
'Returns a contiguous array.
'Get the interior overhang angle in radians.'.
'Returns a list of candidates.'.
'Pre-delete page title. DCNL :param instance: DCNL :
'Returns the value of a parameter if it is valid. DCNL :param name
'initialise module'.
'Returns a dictionary with the elements of `dict_a` and `dict_b
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Returns a generator of tuples (model name, model) for all models.'.
'Return the type of the image associated with vda DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return a list of the instances that are on the provider.
'Check if the given device exists in the given namespace.
'Test that you can add a single marker.'.
'Get the password from the terminal.'.
'Helper function to create a delimited list of expressions. DCNL Returns: DCN
'Returns a list of all test cases in the given module.'.
'Get all PCI devices for an instance.'.
'Efficiently compute R6 benchmark. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Generate a unique job id.'.
'A custom error handler for rmtree.'.
'Get the QApplication instance.'.
'Enable memory execution on the device. DCNL :param devmem: DCN
'Get the version of OpenStack DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Connect to database. DCNL :param connstr: Connection string DCNL
'Get documentation for a command.'.
'Returns a key indicating the time descending.'.
'Return True if the given file is a tty.'.
'Convert an RGB array to an array of RGB uint8 or uint8 values.'.
'Returns True if the transaction ID doesn\'t exist or has a duplicate DCNL
'Returns a list of the checks that have been performed DCNL :param consul
'Helper for add_new_ide_controller.'.
'Converts an image to a binary blob.'.
'Save profiling information to disk.'.
'Convert a Unicode string to a Unicode string.'.
'Helper to get a datetime.date object from a string format.'.
'Returns the longest element in ids'.
'>>> yield_in_except_iterator() DCNL enter DCNL
'Add sparse endpoints from a segment.'.
'Return a simplify tree from the given parser_return.'.
'Convert a version string to a tuple.'.
'Change ownership of file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the managed cloud object.
':param command_name: The name of the problem that the command DCNL DC
'Get a consumer instance.'.
'Chompers the commit offset from the given version string DCNL :param version
'Return True if the provided hostname is a valid hostname.'.
'Get current movie time. DCNL.
'Returns the string representation of the version.'.
'Format a string as an IPv4 address.'.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function.
'Open the connection to the host and port.
'Returns the conjugate of a float.'.
'A cross-reference counter. DCNL :param ind1: DCNL :
'Computes the square root of the matrix t.'.
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'
'Generate a template from the given node.
'Read the data from the end of a zip file.'.
'Check for commas in input.'.
'Computes the mne loc.'.
'Returns a list of tuples (locale name, path) for all resources.'.
'Returns the name of a Linux adapter based on the MAC address.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Minify JS string with minifier and return it as a string.'.
'Remove a security group from a server.'.
'Return a tooltip for the supplied node.'.
'Default 404 handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`404.html`
'Validate an XML file.'.
'Language: fr -> sucess -> sucess -> scenario description'.
'Computes HACM covariance matrix for the given results DCNL Parameters DC
'Send email to all users of type send_type.'.
'Prints out basic debug information.'.
'Log a message at the given level.
'Status add'.
'Get asset_id and device_id from asset_id_prefix.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Send an OAuth consumer email.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List certificates associated with the given service
'Escape &, <, >, etc.'.
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order, DCN
'Normalize a floating point.'.
'<url> [custom] - shortens a URL with [custom] as an argument
'Removecompiled application.'.
'Generate a long description. DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Index_transactions page: displays all transactions'.
'Set the backup mode DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get logger used by multiprocessing.'.
'Returns a URL for the given view name.
'Compute the primitive of ``f`` in ``x0``.
'Replace :func:`thread.run` with :func:`thread.run
'Return True if the system supportsavx'.
'yank the nth argument.'.
'Convert escaped characters to unescaped characters. DCNL >>> unescape(\'foo\
'Get the language code from the given path.
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Cleans up any temporary image files created by the script.'.
'Returns the language code that supports the given language code.
'testlist : testlist'.
'Part a channel.'.
'Make test cases for allocated file sizes.'.
'Run a command in a new sun pack script DCNL :param script: script
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``py <query
'Write out messages.'.
'Removes an identity from the database.'.
'Change permissions of a file or a folder DCNL :param target: Path to
'Make a file readable. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Validates a commit message.'.
'Return True if dist is installed in user site.'.
'Waits for a volume to change its type.
'A decorator that defines __unicode__ and __str__ methods.
'Transpose matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL m : ndarray DCNL
'Convert color string to RGB color format. DCNL :param value: DCN
'Formats a date as the time until that date (i.e.
'Return the current configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Serialize Python data to JSON.
'Get a list of all instance IDs for a given host.'.
'Deletes a document if it does not exist. DCNL :param doctype:
'List all installed apps.'.
'Get RFX object from packet id'.
'Parse a list of sentences according to the given grammar.
'Get the PyOS input hook.'.
'Returns a status code, a status value, and a status string DCNL containing
'Generate a unique filename for an image.'.
'Returns True if given stream contains a valid CSV delimiter.'.
'add_gradients_summary. DCNL Adds summary for all the gradients in
'Parse the credentials.'.
'Log a message with severity \'WARNING\' on the root logger.'.
'Validates and returns an integer.'.
'Appends the given string to the output.'.
'Returns a dictionary of language codes for the given site.'.
'Converts any value to a JS object.'.
'Converts a string to a list. DCNL :param string: The string
'Read pcap data from a pcap file.'.
'Returns the missing value along a given axis DCNL Parameters DCNL y :
'Check all available locales DCNL :param config: The configuration dictionary DCNL
'Block a user'.
'Test the fit sample routine with decision tree'.
'List private interfaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Save editor.'.
'Get a group type by id.'.
'Converts a uidb36 string to a uidb64 string.
'Send email to user about daily ratings.'.
'Enable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Create a new protoc plugin.'.
'Test that we can make a deep copy of a grouped table.'.
'BFS(g, [start,end]) -> iterator DCNL Uses the
'Return the name of the default node.'.
'Sends a POST request to the K8s API with the given data.'.
'Find a path using all finders.
'Tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Password reset complete'.
'Find the readline lib.'.
'Returns a generator which yields each item from the given function DCNL in reverse order
'Test grid search.'.
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Create a QPathstrok from a path.'.
'Concatenate a list of tensors along an axis.
'Set the font for the reportlab reportlab reportlab reportlab reportlab reportlab
'Get all instances faults for a list of instances.'.
'Returns a breadcrumbs list based on the given path.'.
'Validates a bug tracker URL.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Call command with arguments. DCN
'Get the context of the Zendesk custom field.'.
'Internal helper to rebuild code. DCNL Args: DCNL - DCN
'Returns the index of the const_index variable for the DCNL dataset.
'Get an open file descriptor or return an open file object.'.
'Merges a list of hosts into a list of roles.
'When given a single existing key, require() does nothing.'.
'Get rounded tothreeplaces.'.
'click the element. DCNL :param browser: DCNL :param css
'Get the xunit method of an object.'.
'Read configuration from file.'.
'Returns a list of :class:`asides_to_store` objects from
'Resume an instance DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Truncates HTML after a certain number of words.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return information on all of the PS
'Check if the arg is not already the same as the original arg.'.
'Checks if the provided directory is a Google Cloud Storage directory.'.
'Returns a tooltip for the given database field.'.
'Converts a numpy dtype to a float or complex floating point type.'.
'Signal to update compatible app versions.'.
'Get the gecos information for a user DCNL :param str name:
'Returns a list of paths from given indexes.'.
'Check for \'assertisnone(A, B, C)'.
'Return a list of all.py files under root_dir.'.
'Get driver by name. DCNL :param driver_name: DCNL
'Returns a human-readable name for the given function.'.
'Context manager to temporarily remove the cache object.
'Returns the newest available DHCP lease for a VM DCNL :param vm_
'Set the xml element attribute dictionary by the arguments.'.
'Get n minibatches indices. DCNL Args: DCNL n
'Test that tabs are ignored'.
'Load an object from a path. DCNL Args: DCNL path (
'Expands the dimensions of an array along the given axis.'.
'Returns True if all tensors are equal within tolerance.
'Convert a list of issues into a dictionary.'.
'Return the current system\'s filesystem encoding.
'View a beta-signed log.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the MAC address of a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Elementwise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable
'Generate an old-style data file with the given number of items.'.
'Convert the xml element to an xml element.'.
'bar(it) DCNL Shows a bar chart with the given label and
'Reshapes x to a 2D array.
'Pre-run code hook.'.
'Test that setting learn_scale on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
' embed a single album DCNL :param album: album to embed DCNL
'Execute a shell command.'.
'Set the seed of a random number generator. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Test getting a single object using the API.'.
'Replace non-alphanumeric characters in an XML element.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Compute counts of unique values within a given group. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Convert the xml element to a union xml element.'.
'Handle already-existing loggers. DCNL :param existing: DCNL :
'Helper to get hardware info for all clients.'.
'A helper function.'.
'A helper function to traverse the tensor graph DCNL and visit all inputs.
'Verifies that the command output contains the given text.'.
'map(requests, stream=True) -> list of requests DCNL :param
'Create a new flavor from the values dictionary.'.
'Parse arguments.'.
'This function takes a string and a numpy array and DCNL returns a list of
'Return the current time zone offset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make a polar plot.
'Parse the XML document and return a Python object.'.
'Configures logging according to command-line arguments.'.
'Returns True if n is a tuple'.
'Patched emr_conn. describe_step.'.
'Return the full path to a resource in a virtualenv DCNL :param venv:
'Returns the object that should be sentinel.'.
'Remove a user from a document.'.
'Adds a slash to the beginning of a URL.'.
'Return a list of packages that match a string. DCNL :param data_
'Renders a DSON string into a Python dictionary'.
'Project management view.'.
'Write a skeinwiched gcode linear move file.'.
'Populate the database with toolshed repository metadata.'.
' transmit(msg, remote_yard.uid)'.
'Restart the scheduler DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Detect text from files and extract detected text DCNL :param vision: vis
'Check if a requirement is available.
'Updates session language DCNL :param language_session_key: DCNL
'Setup the Neutron devices.'.
'Returns True if value is a valid slug.'.
'Test atomic download of failure.'.
'Returns a list of parameters used to pad a curve value. DCNL :param
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'Test the behavior of --user flag in the list command'.
'Test RoBrain rank computation'.
'Test no targets.'.
'Get current working directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add simplified path.'.
'Get a list of all vRRPs.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Returns: DCNL rebulk object
'normal(state, text, i, formats, user_data) -> list of
'If the task has been resolved, returns the result of DCNL the first task
'Get ordered list of categories. DCNL Returns: DCNL list of ordered
'Convert IP address to binary format. DCNL :param ip_address: IP
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL IPv6 address DC
'Return a list of all the ports which match the given name.
'Return the full path to themakefile.'.
'expression : expression PLUS expression DCNL | expression MINUS expression DCNL
'Wait for NIC data to become available. DCNL :param interval: DC
'Get the root directory of a path.'.
'Enable a job. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'HTML-escape text. DCNL :param txt: text to be rendered DC
'Login to the crypto server.'.
'Sums a single block of data. DCNL Parameters DCNL data :
'Merge two dictionaries. DCNL >>> merge((\'a\', \'b
'Convert a timedelta to a number of days.'.
'Serialize object to JSON string.'.
'Return a template plugin class.'.
'summary(live, firsts, others) DCNL Print mean, std,
'Return the parent directory of a path relative to the DCNL parent directory of the
'Return tenant by name'.
'Dumps the contents of a file to the log.info file.'.
'Compute the gradient of the constant variables.
'partition_value(divisions,val) -> int DCNL partition_value
'<string> -- Base64 decodes <string>.'.
'Test the behavior of --outdated --format=legacy flag in the list command'.
'Generate a unique name and category.'.
'Make sure all keys are available.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Runs the API operation on the Google Cloud Storage service.'.
'Read pillar data from vault'.
'Disable password authentication on the remote host.
'Load all buckets from S3 DCNL Args: DCNL bucket(s
'Create a test image with the same parameters as the original image.'.
'Test that Illumina model can be loaded.'.
'List all users DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current Git object.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
' mod_watch(name, **kwargs) DCNL Execute a watch command.
'Returns a nicely formatted frame relation type string.'.
'Returns a pipeline object to process a download. DCNL :param in_fd
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Get a server object from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get a list of user messages from the database.'.
'Get the names of all arguments to the given function.'.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Indent the given buffer by `from_row` and `to_row` characters
'A view that raises a server error if the request is not ajax.'.
'Get the circle intersection loops.'.
'Write a start block. DCNL Parameters DCNL fid : file-like
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Restores the state of the warnings module from the state of DCNL the warnings
'Return an absolute link. DCNL :param m: DCNL :param
'Returns a color name for the given color value.
'Addreferencetofile and path conflict.'.
'Return the current runlevel'.
'Returns a tuple of (feature_indices, sample_indices) for each feature in
'Set environment variable \'key\' to \'value\'.
'Returns an error response.'.
'Returns True if l contains exactly n elements, i.e.
'Calculates a lowpass butterworth filter of degree `n` in
'Returns the kernel name from the given value.'.
'Test to make sure the wedge text source doesn\'t contain any DCNL
'Internal, returns netstat routing information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a new init file for the given parent directory and DCNL child_
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Test that extras_after_wheel command works'.
'A function that computes the perceptron output of the model DCNL
'Computes the probability density function at x. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Check if the current version is up-to-date.'.
'Returns a new release with the given ID.'.
'This is a wrapper around sphinx. sphinx. sphinx_shell. sphinx_shell.
'Return the Platonic Platonic graph.'.
'A decorator for tests that only runs the test if the central server is DCNL
'Decode a standard Base64 encoded string.'.
'Sanitize filename. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str): The
'Group ranges. DCNL :rtype: list[str] DCNL
'The pprint function. DCNL Parameters DCNL obj : object DCNL
'Returns a tuple of (season, episode) with (season, episode) and (
'Initialize the zone interval table.'.
'Sanitize a URL. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param
'Process graph data. DCNL :param mg: Root object DCNL :
'Get the names and default values of a function\'s docstring.'.
'Vectorized version of stats.dirichlet.logpdf.
'Generate a data URL. DCNL :param mimetype: The mime-type of
'Updates the summary for a collection. DCNL :param collection_id: The
'Create a parameter. DCNL Parameters DCNL value : LinOp DCN
'Return True if current event should be handled as a safe one.'.
'Test rendering mri files without BEM.'.
'Install the package from pip.
'Renders the storage account table details.'.
'Reset the default locale.
'Return True if the given string is printable.'.
'Get the machine key.'.
'Ensure custom exception type can be converted to text'.
'Determine if the given segment matches the header.'.
'Test that statsd fails'.
'Creates chunks from a sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL sequence : list
'Print a stack trace for each thread. DCNL :param thread: DCN
'Returns a list of playlists from a list of games.'.
'Returns the class from the given class path.'.
'Get an attribute from a deferred type.'.
'Finds the username/password of each user on the specified host, DCNL
'Converts URLs in plain text into clickable links.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Function to return all questions for a particular series DCNL Return ( questions, series
'Add negative index if needed.'.
'Adds a map to the current page.'.
'Return True if the test does not end with any of the endings.'.
'Return a key from the minion\'s config'.
'Returns the absolute path to a directory.
'Enable a service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Find the management module for the given app name.
'Check if user tags are available. DCNL :param dt: DCNL
'The max length of a feature based on its feature name'.
'Returns a list of roles that have the given permission.'.
'Returns a queryset of fans for the given object.'.
'Returns a set of symbols referenced in the given hexadecimal code.'.
'Get the locale name for the given category.
'Test when input is an integer array'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCN
'Render the template from the given file using the given environment DCNL sls:
'Get a list of tiles.'.
'Returns a dict with details about the request request\'s request\'s request\'s
'Returns a file object for the given template with the given file name.'.
'Set up the sauce browser and return the DCNL context object.'.
'Return True if the pathname is a directory, False otherwise.'.
'Return the value of a key from theillar dictionary.
'Fetches the rights for a collection.
'Find the topmost parent of the resource DCNL :param resource: DCN
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the inverse permutation of ``p``.
'A moving average. DCNL Parameters DCNL total_loss : float DC
'Return a deep copy of the given element.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Connect to a server and a client.'.
'Convert a journal object to plain text.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Query bot data in. DCNL :param session: bot session DCNL
'Set board indicator. DCNL :param board_name: board name DCN
'Remove app from bench'.
'Returns task status in JSON format: DCNL :param task_id: Task
'Replaces %xx %xx %xx %xx %xx %xx %xx %
'Set interactive mode DCNL :param b: DCNL :param rcParams
'Split value for quotes.'.
'Test sparse activation.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Normalize the facts dict from AWS metadata to facts DCNL :param metadata: AWS
'Join segment tables.'.
'If fill_include_names is not None, fill_exclude_names should be
'Write data to a file descriptor.
'Test plot_psd on epochs.'.
'Return the list of revisions for an organization. DCNL :param id: the
'Computes the MNIC of a list of samples. DCNL Args
'Get season NZB information. DCNL :param name: NZB
'Takes a list of file paths and converts them to the native paths DCNL
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session'.
'pickle(data) -> str DCNL Takes a Python object and returns a
'Takes a function and a list of args and kwargs and returns the DCNL
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Create an optgroup from the given
'Get mapping of block device names to snapshots DCNL :param image: DCN
'Merge configuration from other configuration.
'Removes any missing joinables from the filesystem.'.
'Set audio format callbacks. DCNL.
'Given a descendant_addresses object, return a PathGlobs object for matching DCN
'Returns the type of the server based on its name'.
'Generate a fingerprint of channel samples. DCNL Parameters DCNL channel_samples
'Returns True if x is an int, else False.'.
'Convert a matrix to a linear operator.
'Returns a datetime object representing the time since the epoch.'.
'Make sure that the code without `pil` is executed'.
'Moves a connection to the datastore.'.
'Check if PIL libraries exist.'.
'Returns the URL to the reviewer API.'.
'Returns True if in_str is an empty string.'.
'Report filter page'.
'Accept connections forever.'.
'Write mapping file. DCNL :param output_corrected_fp: open
'Returns the contents of a text file as a string.'.
'Read config file and process it. DCNL :param config_path: Path
'Show the version of the device.'.
'Allows the authenticated user to access the API. DCNL :param credentials:
'Returns a datetime.datetime object representing the current UTC timestamp.'.
':param bot: The bot instance DCNL :param urls: DCNL :
'Return a symbolic row variable.
'Creates a firewall rule for public and private IP.'.
'Print a media URL.'.
'Test float range.'.
'expr : expr LPAREN expression RPAREN expression DCNL | expr RPAREN expression
'Get the state of a step.
'Returns the URL for the given slug.'.
'Return hardware_events information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Redirect to create page.'.
'Returns the output of `command` inside ` dirpath`.'.
'Write NZB to disk DCNL :param NZBName: N
'Disassociate fixed ip from host and time.'.
'Main program.'.
'Get a value from the database.'.
'Generate a signature for a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the foreground and background color for the given display name.'.
'Checks to see if the response has a given header name in its Vary header.
'Return the path of the template file.'.
'data_fun(times) -> array DCNL This function is called by the
'Set SSL certificate key for site'.
'A context manager for temporary locale.
'>>> import sys DCNL >>> py__iter__({\'a\',
'Tests that the icon of the arceus is set correctly.'.
'Computes the classification error.
'Find all.sock files in the search path.'.
'Load yaml config file.'.
'Returns the IP version string for the given IP version.'.
'Require the rpm command-line tool.'.
'Flatten a response. DCNL Args: DCNL content (str):
'Remove all keys from the specified databases DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if a string is a valid render pipe string and returns a list of DCN
'Return a list of sentences separated by commas.'.
'Vulnerability resource headers'.
'Return the path to the Python inc file.
'Revert polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Computes the total loss for all the Tower layers.
'Return a list of all non-existing directories in the given path.'.
'A view that allows the user to connect to the site.'.
'Return a table with div elements for form-style fields.'.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Make sure pr_fetch is enabled and if not, make changes DCNL to
'Convert an instance to a string DCNL :param o: DCNL :
'Runs the bokeh install command with the given arguments and returns True if the DCNL
'Compute SVD of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Create a grid from a sequence of arrays DCNL Parameters DCNL arrays:
'Add two logs.
'Double-url encodes a string. DCNL >>> double_urlencode("H
'Parse comments. DCNL :param s: String DCNL :return:
'Parses a list of rules. DCNL :param rule: DCNL
'Return the full name of a resource. DCNL :param res_pkg_
'Create a document DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion elasticsearch
'Given a Django model instance and a queryset, return a slug that can be used for
'Remove document permissions.'.
'Returns the name of the final target extension.'.
'Creates a context to track a user.
'Test that patch returns error on invalid directory'.
'Tries to determine if path is a ZIP file DCNL :param path:
'Test installing from a correct pip version.'.
'Returns True if allcapdifferential words in a list are different.'.
'Load all modules under the given package.
'Determine if we may certify for a course. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Activate the environment from the path.
'Updates a user. DCNL :param id_: User identification. DC
'Update a nested dictionary DCNL Parameters DCNL dest : dict DCNL
'Prepares the request for creating a new instance.
'Format a module directive for inclusion in a message.'.
'Get the filename of the file currently being processed.
'Returns a list of unit strings.
'Apply func to each element of x and y in parallel DCNL Parameters DCN
'Same as a /= b.'.
'Make sure that the figure preserves font size'.
'Returns True if the string does not end with newline.'.
'Test printing of monitorcv.yaml file.'.
'Helper method to do the editing of an interactive prompt. DCNL :param intent
'Convert bytes into human readable form.'.
'Formats a value as currency according to oscar\'s default locale.'.
'Test classification report with long string label'.
'Removes any temporary files needed for nuke.'.
'Assert that only one or more TPs have the same TPs.'.
'Creates a dict of doc2author ids keyed by author id.'.
'Delete a single resource class.
'Return the SEA value of the specified tag DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns the index of the source host which corresponds to the given mac DCNL address
'A sparse autoencoder DCNL Parameters DCNL theta : ndarray DCNL
'Ensure an API key does not exist DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Install EZ from scratch.'.
'Assert that \'first\' is not \'second\'.
'Test the evaluation report'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is irreducible in ``
'Get timeout. DCNL :param gross_time: float DCNL
'Replaces ampersands with ampersands and ampersands with ampersands
'a = [one, two, three, three, three, three, three,
'Returns a string describing the current status of the device.'.
'Convert unicode to utf-8 encoded string.'.
'Returns a dictionary containing the initial values of all form fields.
'Submit checkout form.'.
'Escapes a string so that it can be used as a template variable.'.
'Returns a set containing the types of the elements in the index.'.
'Process show version information.'.
'Check if there are any channels in the channel list.'.
'Wait for a job to complete.
'Creates a new user and sets profile for it. DCNL :param email
'Creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers.
':type e: tarfile.decode_fileobj DCNL :rtype: tarfile.
'Get the file number of a file or a file-like object.'.
'Apply the factyby vector to the block vector.'.
'Make a request to Sting DCNL :param params: DCNL :
'Get a hosting service by name.
'Replace XenAPI host name with host_addr.'.
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings forethtool.'.
'Get all proxies in the environment.'.
'A context manager that changes the current working directory to CWD.'.
'Returns the logging level for the given runlevel, e.g.
'Setup the Netatmo sensor devices.'.
'Read data from a file and return a Record object.'.
'Returns the name of the server to connect to DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents.'.
'Get the kind of the key.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Check for trailing blank lines. DCNL :param physical_line: DCN
'Initialize the database.'.
'Test an HTTP error template.'.
'Return the new solution to a linear approximation to the new solution. DCNL
'Returns a WSGI exception object for the given `func` that will raise DCNL
'Returns a list of videos for the given course.'.
'statement : NAME'.
'Escapes a string for use in JavaScript strings.'.
'Check that all tasks are still alive.'.
'Parse the results of parsing a multi-exted multi-exted multi-ext
'Returns a single selection.'.
'Compute ref matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : array DCNL
'Set up the stub for the DBMS API.'.
'Get a tuple of all variables in the given scope.
'Check for indentation. DCNL Arguments: DCNL logical_line: logical
'Returns a string from the given XML document.
'Removes all filenames from the field.'.
'Language: fr -> sucess, sucess, sucess, sucess, su
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Get all available MFA devices for the specified user.
'Returns a list of documents with the specified tag.'.
'Encoder using SHA512. DCNL >>> sha512_encode(t) DC
'Updates the top10 contributors.'.
'Same as a + b.'.
'Return filenames excluding excluded files.'.
'skew symmetric cross product.'.
'Write the conditional formatting for the worksheet. DCNL :param worksheet: The worksheet
'Change the workphone of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Given a list of fixers, return a dictionary of head node DCNL elements
'A context manager that temporarily sets a flag on the test suite.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Return a symbolic column variable.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if a key is
'convert a value to a number between 0 and 100'.
':param path: The path to the app that will be used.
'Validates common and marketing site configurations.'.
'Unregisters a hosting service by name.
'Decorator to mark a function as not required.'.
'The main WSGI application.'.
'Returns the syllabus section for the given course.
'Return a list of all attributes of *o* matching *match*.'.
'Get width for string.'.
'Destroy a droplet. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Test downloading a VCS link.'.
'Parse Sina XML data into a list of URLs. DCNL :param
'Creates a setuptools environment.
'The main function. Instantiates the module and calls process_request. DCNL
'Calculates the linear regression intercept.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess colorless'.
'Builds a graph from the database.
'Builds the criterion operations for the specified adgroup.
'Test Qt\'s QDataStream.check_qdatastream.'.
'Check whether two numpy arrays are equal.
'Find the drum_group device for a track or chain.'.
'Return the base device name for dev.'.
'Prepare subject environment. DCNL Parameters DCNL subject : str DCNL
' reduce the precision of an element DCNL :param element: DCNL :
'Render the payment form as HTML.'.
'Get command line to run.'.
'Account edit page'.
'Returns the id of an object, if it exists, None otherwise.'.
'Return a list of extractors.'.
'Finds and returns a renderer for the given object.'.
'Convert a file object to a file descriptor.
'Computesell of an array. DCNL Parameters DCNL a :
'Return default app action'.
'The default namespace handler for engine classes.'.
'Compute pre-compute. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : expression DCN
'Prints a message to the error log.'.
'Parse a single line into a key/value pair.'.
'Helper function to lazy load all entities.'.
'Returns the time in seconds since the given timestamp.'.
'Parse HTML. DCNL :param string: HTML string to parse DCNL
'Only load if boto is available.'.
':type args: SanityConfig'.
'Set the creation order for the given instance.'.
'Prepare x for filtering. DCNL Args: DCNL x (np.
'Send a message to a WOL address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'A helper function for :func:`_symbolic_factor`.'.
'KEGG_conv(target_db, source_db, option=None)
'Return a redis server object'.
'Get all available regions for the VPC service.
'Returns the maximum of all broadcastable variables.
'Get a file list from the datastore.
'Retrieves the resource limit from the logging context and returns the DCNL result
'Normalize environment variable references.'.
'Check whether the data sharing consent requirement is enabled or not.'.
'Initialize multiprocessing.'.
'django admin_media_serving_forced_by is set'.
'Sets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
' identity(arg) -> identity DCNL identity(arg) DCNL identity
'Recomputes the edges for a node in the heap.'.
'Returns the symbol used for parsing decimal numbers.'.
'Check that the value of a property has at least max_length characters.'.
'Handle positional arguments. DCNL Args: DCNL pysig: signature object
'Decorator to mark a function or method as a test to be skipped.
'Get the writer for the given extension.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid unary operator'.
'>>> test_sets() DCNL True DCNL >>> test_sets
'>>> get_suite() DCNL enter DCNL enter DCNL
'This function is called by the bootstrap script when the system is DCNL in an
'Return True if path is a file or a directory.'.
'View the help page.'.
'Create a default basedir environment.'.
'Returns True if all filters evaluate to True.'.
'Search for `vitem` using its title.'.
'Ensures that the vlanid is not in use.'.
'Send notification about new translation.'.
'Returns a list of field names in a table'.
'Only load if GPG is installed'.
'Test precision-recall-f-score.'.
'Computes the error function at x. DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'Clean up random data.'.
'Retrieves all network connections for a given kind.
'Return the URL for the schedule. DCNL Args: DCNL year:
'Returns the md5 hash of the given parameters.'.
'Match a keyword expression against a statement within a statement DCNL :param colitem
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test plotting sparse source estimates.'.
'Register an event listener.
'Reload systemd DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return strict consensus tree from given trees. DCNL :param trees_iter
'Gauss-wave function. DCNL Parameters DCNL gauss_wave
' extrude gcode files.'.
'Return a short description of the DCC data. DCNL :param data:
'Test the diagonal values of a roberts filter.'.
'Reorder dataframe by column disk DCNL :param df: DataFrame DCNL
'A view that handles the login process.'.
'Test that unicode filenames don\'t break the build.'.
'A view that redirects to the next URL.'.
'Testinequality.'.
'Send an email notification. DCNL subject: string DCNL whom:
'Returns the current schema version.'.
'Cancels the suggestion for the given thread.
'Determine if two blocks are equivalent.
'Run test for correlation data. DCNL Parameters DCNL data_generator:
'lon-neck Pattern'.
'Returns a set containing all unpassable types of arg.
'Indent genbank information.'.
'Return a list of job ids that match the filters.
'Build a Wsgire request object from a URI.'.
'Check to see if a check exists. DCNL :param name: Check name
'Parse a header line into a key/value dictionary. DCNL :param line
'Formats a mapdict to be used as a command line option.'.
'Check if user is owner of project. DCNL :param user: user to
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL https://
'Converts a dimension name and hierarchy to a string.
'Apply palette256 color to image.
'Fetches a collection summary by its ID.
'Computes the clustering matrix for each feature DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Test that the list of options that are not in the list of options.'.
'>>> _test() DCNL enter DCNL enter DCNL exit
'Tests that hug\'s boolean type correctly handles boolean types'.
'Return the given HTML with all non-escaped characters escaped.'.
'Factorize a list of iterables.'.
'Returns the URL that will be used to access the repositories. DCNL :param
'Download all the files from S3.
'Get the width of a tile perimeter.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Remove the entire directory tree.
'Returns a human-readable time difference string.'.
'Returns the number of characters in a string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Returns a class from a path relative to C{cls_path}.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'>>> read_stringnl_noescape_pair(True) DCNL
'Migrate old objects labels to new ones.'.
'Set the logger class.'.
'Updates the version number of the file DCNL :param file_obj: File
'This function re- rewrite the contents of a file. DCNL :param filename
'Get new derivation.'.
'Generate a Python test suite.'.
'Return a signal function which returns a file-like object DCNL of the signal
'Encode the object input and return a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Load a movie from a file. DCNL Args: DCNL theFile
'Returns a list of URL patterns matching the given prefix and optional DCNL arguments.
'Convert an enum member name to an index.'.
'Create a new array from an array-like object.'.
'Returns the time until the health check DCNL :param promo_health_
'Calculates the size of the array of the given dimension.'.
'Main method.'.
'Check if a new version is available.
'Return True if all elements of seq are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if the user can access the given namespace.'.
'Executes the given command and returns the output.'.
'Returns last change time of an account policy DCNL :param str name: DC
'>>> no_thousand_separator() DCNL >>> no_th
'Returns True if Azure is installed and correct DCNL version is greater than the current
'Print information about all available commands.'.
'Get the memory mapped base of a NumPy array.'.
'Returns the runner modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a mime-type into its component parts DCNL :param mime_type
'Remove any cached file lists from the filesystem.'.
'Handle apply event.'.
'check to make sure switch_orientation works properly'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'RELEASE Section 9.4.11'.
'Given a policy name, check to see if the given policy exists.
'Parse all file paths in the given page.'.
'Test reading configuration.'.
'Upload a file to Google Cloud Storage.'.
'Sets the owner permissions of the resource.'.
'Set the log format for the SMTP virtual server.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Grant access to folders to users
'Return True if the label can be discoveryable.'.
'Shut down the data source thread.'.
'Make a web call to Stormpath.
'Return the number of cpus available on this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example:
'Add a notification driver.
'Return a relative version of a path.
'Sets up the test databases for the interactive mode.'.
'Displays the data of a facility management in CSV format.'.
'initialise module'.
'Start a fake service.'.
'use_aio() -> use_framework(AIO)'.
'Find a substring pattern in a string.
'Takes a list of DNS records and returns a formatted string.'.
'Extract events from a KEGG event collection.
'Apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Update the packages installed on the system
'Test column conversion error.'.
'Only load the module if boto is installed'.
'>>> slashappend(\'/a/b/c\') DCNL
'Get the size of the current file, if position_to_eof is True,
'Create the default SSL context.'.
'Deletes all the files in the blobstore.
'initialise module'.
'Validates that the given user name is valid. DCNL :param key:
'base_type : field_type DCNL | field_type DCNL
'Set a value to an attribute of an instance.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Deploy application to Git'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from list l.'.
'Returns a dictionary with all configured GeoServer URLs.'.
'Return ipset version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a formatted string for a datetime object.'.
'Validates an account email. DCNL :param email: DCNL :
'API: accepts output, mode, name, callback'.
'Check if the specified VLAN exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a copy of the current environment and remove any environment variables that DCNL contains
'This function is called by the event loop when a new event loop is DCNL
'Replaces all instances of pattern with replacement string. DCNL :param value:
'Test replay_load_template_name.'.
'Test creating a mock rt-client.'.
'Represent a project status. DCNL :param value: DCNL :
'Checks if the name is a valid DNS name for the given bucket name.'.
'Returns an iterator over colors.'.
'Builds the final layer of the network.'.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Adds a word to the body of an HTML document.'.
'Parse a directory directive. DCNL :param d: DCNL :param
'Return a dictionary with the lock for each lck DCNL :param lck
'Make an insured connection with the given arguments.'.
'Get vector3 by a list of float values.'.
'Check if the points are within the specified radius.'.
'Return a single git line.'.
'Formats a number as a floating point number.'.
'Count the number of elements in *mapping* in *iterable*.'.
'Run ssh on all nodes.'.
'Returns a list of all lines of text.'.
'Determine if the point is intersecting the path.'.
'Return the number of documents that match the query.
'Returns dataset from CSV stream.'.
'Read GPI11 format files.'.
'Returns a generator of possible field names for the given model.'.
'Returns a list of (bucket, fill_levels) tuples of (bucket, index
'list-available - list available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Search for labels and return a dict with a \'labels\' key.'.
'yaml: run-param DCNL Run a parameter. DCNL :param
'Get the vcpu_pin_set value.
'Edit a snippet. DCNL :param snippet_name: The name of the
'claim a worker for the cleanup event.
'Convert a version string to a list of version numbers DCNL :param version:
'Find the hardware device associated with an instance.'.
'Returns a set of all installed apps.'.
'Remove missing values from Series DCNL Parameters DCNL series : Series DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Verify if schedule is enabled. DC
'Show interfaces. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Get connection information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check to see if the given path exists in the user\'s home directory.'.
'Plot legend.'.
'Set integer from string.'.
'Load a Git repository.'.
'Prints the app alias.'.
'Create a failure from a dictionary.
'Calculates a checksum for a given IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Returns a view of the given size.'.
'Generate a go test.'.
'Helper function to simplify a function with variable coefficients.'.
'Generate host lease file name.'.
'Reset the repository at git_path DCNL Returns: DCNL list of
'Computes contrastive loss.
'Get the username and key for the Saucelabs service.'.
'Initialize pillar and reactor directories DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extracts the self-href from the response.'.
'Tries to match any regular expression in the filename and returns the match DCNL
'Return url with regex replaced.'.
'If the value is a valid Python variable, returns the DCNL value.
'Create an organization object from a dictionary.'.
'Set whether or not the remote login is enabled.
'Returns True if the specified user\'s password matches the hashed DCNL password.
'Returns a list of all used LUN IDs.'.
'Run yui-comp metadata DCNL Parameters DCNL infile : str DC
'Search WOID. DCNL :param query: WOID query string
'A context manager for generating secret models.'.
'expression : expression_number DCNL | expression_number DCNL | expression
'Copies the specified template directory to the copy_to location.
'Returns True if all elements of ` arch` are a valid field in `graph`
'Mark a future as completed.'.
'Return the set of keyword arguments for a class.'.
'START DTMF Section 9.4.12'.
'Test fitness function.'.
'Get the registered L{I{I{I{I{I{I{
'Computes the covariance matrix between two points.
'Get completions for one or more modules.'.
'Translates a formula into its equivalent form. DCNL :param formula:
'A fixture to enable logging.'.
'Returns True if the course is small, False otherwise.'.
'Return the details of a group package. DCNL :param id: the id
'Initialize auxiliary and processing plugins.'.
'Dumps the schema to stdout.'.
'Takes a version_pk and calls Fileify on that version.'.
'Returns the public key for the specified key. DCNL :param n: The
'Convert a list of strings to a numpy array.
'Set the value of the given key.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Get a list of subplotspec for a list of axes.
'Attach a jsonepics representation to each object of the queryset.
'Sync zfs command to stderr and stdout.'.
'Encode an integer. DCNL :param integer: The integer to encode. DC
'Converts a string argument to a boolean value.'.
'Get the name of the user that owns the given principal.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Returns a description from the arguments and keyword arguments.'.
'Import data from a telemetry config file'.
'Set attributes on an SQS queue.
'Returns the date of the `node` in the format YYYYMMDD.
'Get the geometryutilities directory path.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Delete an existing virtual. DCN
'Render a field with a label'.
'Pure implementation of the RNG algorithm in Python DCNL Parameters DCNL
'>>> g = test_del_in_generator() DCNL >>> g
'Clears the cache.'.
'Apply changes to a locale.
'Split any null strings in a string. DCNL :param data: DCN
'Execute a command and return its stdout and stderr DCNL If py3 is available
'Get a tree from the coverage file.'.
'Converts an argument to a positive integer.'.
':param phenny: The type of the input. DCNL :param input
'Test jsonreport output with no steps'.
'Return all metrics'.
'Mangle amako loop variable.'.
'build exp_freq_table from exp_table'.
'Get the toctree for a given document.'.
'Return the project data directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if setup wizard PAN is visible.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Raise an error DCNL
'Compute the hadamard product of a sequence of matrices.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Updates comment. DCNL Arguments: DCNL course_id (str):
'Generate response headers.'.
'Check if the provided ip is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.'.
'Get a list of Node objects from the given root.'.
'Start the container. DCNL :param ctid_or_name: The
'Look up the VM with the given name.'.
'Find the path of the tcl package.'.
'Setup the LED platform.'.
'Returns a list of (value, parsers) pairs parsed from input_row.'.
'Get statistics about available disk space for the given folder. DCNL :param folder
'Return True if we should exclude brackets.'.
'Pull messages from Transifex.'.
'Create a new row. DCNL Parameters DCNL fid : str DCN
'Convert an element to a BSON document.'.
'Test to make sure that the output of the fast writer writes the DCNL comments
'Converts an ImageError to an ImageError.
'A decorator to mark a class as abstract.'.
'Create or verify the core directory.
'Get the precision.'.
'Remove empty lines from text.'.
'Delete the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Updates the time zone of the user.'.
'Decodes a single channel into a matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL dense
'Returns the value of a key in the app\'s configuration.
'Get namespaces from the API.'.
'Get a gcode file from a gcode file.'.
'Checks that the given entity_pb.Reference is valid.
'Create a list of links.'.
'Given a valid config, update the policy for a user.
'>>> ipyfunc(0) DCNL 3 DCNL >>> ipyfunc
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Returns the module name for the given filename.'.
'Returns a dict containing the contents of a Python object\'s docstring.
'Test the behavior of --user-columns flag in the list command'.
'Determine if the loop is intersecting inside the x segment.'.
'Fake version of distutils.util.get_platform.'.
'Detach the specified device from the specified storage pool DCNL zpool DCNL
'*musicpd.org, current channel section:* DCNL ``set_mask
'Add the platform-specific directory path to sys.path.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a new storage container DCN
'Test fordeterminism_hatches.'.
'List permissions of a vCenter DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a random slice of a queryset.
'Create a new channel. DCNL Arguments: DCNL ctype: string DC
'Show an error message in a GUI'.
'Tries to find out if the given command is in the PATH, DCNL
'Get the list of available plugins.'.
'Setup the gpsds sensor.'.
'Remove an audio file.'.
'Takes a dictionary of JSON error messages and returns a new dictionary with DCNL
'Translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular DCNL expression.
'Lists all members of a team.
'Installs a module. DCNL Parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL params
'ContactField delete'.
'Remove the version from a URL.
'Unpacks the code if it is possible. DCNL :param code:
'Test that dpi_cor works'.
'Returns the linear recurrence coefficient of ``n`` in ``K[X]
'Test sklearn.pipeline.pipeline.pipeline.CSP.'.
'Returns True if a and b are close within ` rel_tol`.'.
'Get items from file. DCNL :param filename: File to read DCN
'Update all supported locales.'.
'Getcap alert addresses opts'.
'Close the main window and quit.'.
' interpolate cache slug. DCNL :param string: DCNL :param string
'Test get_repr.'.
'Get the filesystem name of a path.'.
'Index_receivables page: displays allreceivables'.
'Check for imports on separate lines.'.
'Get the version control configuration.'.
' pause containers in the docker-compose file, service_names is a DCN
'Run whitelisting on list of files. DCNL :param files: List of
'Determine the disk format of the image.
'Get a relationship between two objects.
'Returns a link to the documentation for the given object.'.
'Returns the output filename for a split.'.
'Inserts a new query.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Run the main loop. DCNL :param sock: socket object DCNL
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` repeat {state}`
'Return the relative path of `reference_path` relative to `a_path`.
'Compute the square root of a triangle.'.
'Removes all.app-tars files in the given location.'.
'Update translation catalogs.'.
'Extract sign, intpart, fraction from string.'.
'Refresh local repositories. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Computes the precession matrix of fromepoch to epoch.
'Evaluates p-value at *xnew* of * coeffs* where *
'Test that a single pipeline is closed after a double DCNL input.'.
'Returns the name of the currently stored primary server.'.
'Sends a PUT request.
'Given a course configuration, return a grader DCNL :param conf: The
'Install sudo.'.
'Log a message with severity \'ERROR\' on the root logger.'.
'Configures the marathon_host and marathon_port DCNL
'Set the icon for the folder named filepath DCNL :param filepath: The path
' redirect_webengine_data to data-tmpdir.'.
'split( what) -> string DCNL split(str) -> string DCN
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Fetches all datastore entities.
'Returns a list of test hooks.'.
'Look up a config value for the given hostname in the config.'.
'Returns a tuple of (offset, count) for the given snippet.'.
'Returns True if we are running in a string-like way.'.
'Get order arguments from request.args.'.
'Setup bench backups'.
'Creates an admin user.
'Step.from_string has a repr'.
'Iterate over multiple items of a mapping DCNL >>> iter_multi_items
'Test whether cx_proc can be loaded.'.
'Set up anddis patch.'.
'Get all tables from database. DCNL :param uri: DCNL :
'Set movie title. DCNL.
'Signal handler for deleting profile.'.
'Checks the value of the argument and returns it if it is less than DCNL
'\'a1b3d3d6d6m6m6m6
'Parse openssh output. DCNL :param lines: List of lines to extract
'Create a file digest for the given file. DCNL :param f: File
'Return a string representation of a dictionary of attribute values.'.
'A view that returns the profile for the user.'.
'Escalate questions.'.
':param phenny: DCNL :param query: DCNL :param
'A view that handles all requests'.
'Returns True if the current thread is rushed to this process.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'Lae_a and lae_b have the same dimensions'.
'Get all volume types by group.'.
'Returns the fitness of a genome.
'Open the cover.'.
'Resets the auth token and stores it in the database.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Display a gallery of images.'.
'Bak test objective function DCNL Parameters DCNL pvals : ndarray DC
'Return the pg_gpg executable'.
'Get the metadata about the metadata metadata about the metadata that is about to be DCN
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Download from Dailymotion. DCNL Args: DCNL url (
'Returns True if the string contains surrogates (e.g.
'Returns a dictionary with information about the coredump command DCNL CLI Example: DC
'API: accepts name, output, pp, script, cat, cat, priority,
'Tries to determine the OS version.
'Check that spherical coordinates are in cartesian coordinates.'.
'Split a mime-type into its component parts.
'Return the proxies for a given url.
'Check if there are messages to send DCNL :param config: The configuration dictionary
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the user has access to this course.
'Require the test environment to be run inside a test script.'.
'Disable server in haproxy backend DCNL name DCNL Server name DC
'Send an interface to the user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prints out the migrations for each app.'.
'Creates a new feed item based on the feed item id.'.
'Return the value of an os-release attribute DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Remove a directory.'.
'Return True if the given color is aforeground light.'.
'Get a list of Yubico users'.
'Set or unset a keypair.'.
'Get the index of an EOG channel.'.
'Read evoked data.'.
'Parse add-on files and check if there is a multi-package package.'.
'Deserializes an usage key from a string. DCNL Args: DCN
'Get all the queries from all plugins.'.
'Group delete view'.
'Set an item to a section DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sets the script prefix.'.
'Create a new Version object.'.
'Return a list of valid configuration options. DCNL :param id: the id
'Generate the project list fp.'.
'Update resource sources from dictionary. DCNL :param dstpath: Path of resource
'Write a table as a fixed width table.'.
'Return a list of all nodes in the graph which are all identity.'.
'Initialize a collection. DCNL :param obj: A collection object DCNL
'Ensure that the named package is not installed.
'Waits for the Linux system to become stable.
'Returns the block number url for the specified xblock type set.'.
'Elementwise log-factorial function. DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Tries to guess the scheme of the url.
'Returns True if \'distinct()\' should be used for the given lookup path.
'Recomputes the children of the current process.
'Match packages using pkgutil.match() DCNL Returns: DCNL (
'Called when a group sends a message.'.
'Test division by string'.
'ax = None DCNL return ax1 DCNL If ax is None,
'Wrapper around win32 API function.'.
'Simple view to echo back the uploaded files.'.
'Returns the last element in the list, or None if there are no data.'.
'make sample data'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Unlock account. DCNL
'Given a course_id and thread_id, vote for that thread.
'Import a DocType. DCNL :param doctype: DocType to import DC
'Check if a packet is OK.'.
'Launch the application.'.
'Hash a plaintext password. DCNL :param plaintext_password: DCNL
'Populates the request\'s project_info dictionary.'.
'Creates anaccesToken. DCNL Args: DCNL action
'Get vtk output.'.
'Returns a list of children of a tree.'.
'Get logo option. DCNL.
'List scheduled jobs. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Test permutation_t_test.'.
'Activate an account. DCNL Args: DCNL key: the activation key
'Parse a single firewall rule. DCNL :param rule: DCNL :
'Get an instance of a Linux distribution.
'Test idempotent reordering of links.'.
'Computes the squared error.
'Returns the absolute path to a config file.'.
'Returns a URL that is not prefixed with Django\'s URL interface.'.
'Delete a virtual interface.'.
'Builds a list of parameters for a list of tags.'.
'Takes a certificate in binary DER format and returns the DCNL DER-encoded
'Set the locale for the given category.
'Adds the CLSID and CLSID to the Python module.'.
'Task handler that logs the error.'.
'Format the element creation arguments.'.
'Set the flag indicating whether we should convert the aggerator DCNL to wx.
'Create a new derset of any given objects. DCNL :param der_
'Pong a connection.'.
'Generate a random secret. DCNL :param num_bytes: The number of
'Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the given constant is within DCNL the given
'Removes any empty strings from _db_content.'.
'Returns a list of all CSS dependencies for the specified group.'.
'Returns a new dictionary with keys that differ with those in DCNL `original`
'Tests that tensor.is_flat works as expected'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns a string version of `seq`.'.
'Reboot a domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test if docker app can be deployed'.
'Computes the P-value from the skew matrix. DCNL Parameters DC
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'rjust(s, width) -> string DCNL Return a string of length
'Generate the metrics spec and token replacements.'.
'Validates node JSON data. DCNL :param node_type: NodeType
'Verifies that the command output of the last command contains the DCNL expected text
'Removes the test module if it exists.'.
'Takes in a list of messages and returns a dictionary with the DCNL language
'Make a distutils setup function with the given arguments.'.
'Check if a push is complete and if so, push it'.
'Language:en-US ->en-US ->en-US ->en-US
'Test that we can connect with a random tree.'.
'Converts a configuration to a Kodi dictionary. DCNL :param master
'Make a call to the `make_runtest` hook.'.
'Write an svg file.'.
'Adds messages to the context.'.
'Lockdown a desktop. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str):
'Starts a new threaded server.
'Add tenant to flavor access.'.
'Return an enumerator for the time zone names defined in the registry.'.
' embed an album into an image file DCNL Args: DCNL log:
'Return threshold sequence for right-d DCNL >>> right_d_threshold_
'Converts a string or list of dates to a numeric value.'.
'List installed services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print a deprecation warning.
'Shift a path. DCNL :param script_name: Path of the script
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Locate a string or list of
'Returns a dict describing the grant to execute'.
'Helper function to create a single variable. DCNL Parameters DCNL max_
'Get the next available device name.
'Test that mininetcluster can connect to remote servers'.
'Return file format and data format for pyo files.'.
'Delete a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user.
'validate and return a named value for option of type \'name\''.
'Generates a ctypes function that returns an integer from a geometry.'.
'Prettify a message. DCNL Args: DCNL string:
'Return the absolute path to the autotest directory.'.
'Parse a legacy fs_desc string and return a test_flags object DCNL
'Get a path to the Feeds directory.'.
'Create a pkgng aware cache file for the specified DCNL jname.
'Returns a cache key for the given collection.'.
'Prints the return value and exits with a nice message if necessary.'.
'Save predictions to a file. DCNL :param predictions: DCNL :
'Returns a string representing the UTC timestamp.
'>>> number_item_impl(True) DCNL True DCNL
'Get the principal for the specified hostname or IP.
'Returns the module for the given app label.'.
'Get Windows directory path.'.
'Generate a new course key.
'Get download url for the platform.'.
'Show the details from EC2 concerning an instance.
'Test the operators for parameter operators.'.
'View types.'.
'Check if a collection exists. DCNL Args: DCNL collection_name
'Test plotting of ICA scores.'.
'Quote an etag for inclusion in a URL.'.
'Split two fitnesses according to the median. DCNL :param fitnesses:
'Test parsing of CSV column names.'.
'Return bounding-box header. DCNL Parameters DCNL lbrt :
'Apply an optimizer to a function and return the number of function calls.'.
'Load fault manager data DCNL path : string DCNL File path to fm
'Tests that syncing a list of contacts works as expected'.
'Get SAML provider. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Write a snippet with backref information to a file.'.
'Check a list of issues, and return a boolean indicating whether any issues DCNL
'Create a constant image. DCNL Parameters DCNL image : image DCN
'Return a list of file descriptors that are ready to be read. DCNL :
'Displays the course management page.'.
'xonsh help'.
'Find and return a VDI reference.'.
'Test that a function raises an exception with the given message.'.
'Creates a dask array from a Castra object.
'Determine if the input circuit is a zero-sized non-sparse matrix.
'Returns a generator of text messages from a list of messages.'.
'Ensure that the named service is disabled.
'recursive_flatten(cell, dtype) -> list DCNL Return flattened cell'.
'Get public key from PEM text or file.'.
'Get list of available profile names for the install server. DCNL :param install
'Return the absolute path to test file with the given name.'.
' managebinaries. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Creates an XML document containing multiple choice values.'.
'Returns the asset url for the asset at asset_path.
'Check if convert command is installed.'.
'Release titles description. DCNL.
'Squeeze the output if it has a single dimension.'.
'A context manager for temporarily pinning the current thread.'.
'Returns a tuple containing the values of ` composite_key` key in `record`
'Get all group snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'prep_for_subprocess(cmd, shell=False) -> str DCNL
'Marks bootstrapping for bootstrapping. DCNL Args: DCN
'Escapes a list of objects for use in a query string.'.
'Returns a dictionary with information about the W3AF version.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Load parser result store from package.
'Get number of groups.'.
'Returns a translation unit from a source code.'.
'Return a query to check that a consistencygroup is being created from another consistencygroup.
'Determine if the center is inline.'.
'Return True if the target is newer than the source.'.
'Return a string representation of a tuple of strings.'.
'Project resync webhook view.'.
'Compute the output length of a convolution layer.
'Get a string constant indicating whether the computer is transparent. DCNL Returns: DC
'Returns a codeobj for each name in *code*'.
'Cancel draft. DCNL :param media_type: DCNL :param
'Setup the MQTTroom sensor.'.
'Perform loop lifting. DCNL Args: DCNL func_ir:
' modify REJECT Section 9.2.11'.
'Returns a sorted list of key names in the mapping file.'.
'The main function.'.
'Return True if we are running from the reloader.'.
'Check a word.'.
'Delete a stack. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Returns a constant array filled with zeros.
'Decrypts a string \'cypher\' with the private key \'key
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Get list of users from email marketing provider DCNL :param sailth
'Validates a JID resource.
'Returns True if the user needs to complete an entrance exam.'.
'Decompose the kernel and patch list into two parts: DCNL is_
'Check if comp is of the right kind.'.
'Returns True if the value is not null.'.
'Converts a vcard string to a vcard object.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'toggle data register D4 bit'.
'Test that arg_split works.'.
'Returns a slice of the list.'.
'Delete an Elastic Network Interface.
'Prettify a string according to the formatting rules.'.
'Check if a process with the given pid is currently running. DCNL :param
'Returns a list of users.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Creates a collection summary. DCNL Arguments: DCNL collection_id
'If the user clicks \'confirm all alerts\' button, it should DCN
'Converts an integer to its ordinal as a string.'.
'Update quota usage or raise if it does not exist.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Creates a new document editor group.
'Test when input_discard is empty.'.
'Compute the dot product of two matrices.
'Format a single source file or destination file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'This function is called when the user clicks \'back\' button on a network interface
'Quote a string for use in a URL.'.
'Returns the status of the latest release.
'mod_priv_opts(object_type, privileges) -> (object_type
'compile(source, mode, flags, dont_inherit=False) DCNL
'Validate the value of minutes'.
'Test that package-back-patching works.'.
'Return a dictionary containing all configuration variables.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Get the owner of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install pyui.'.
'Appends a trailing slash redirect to the end of the URL.
'Find all Python modules in the given folder'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if provided string is a shortened IPv4 address.'.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Return normalized source path.'.
'Entry point for the script.'.
'Builds the vmdk attach config spec.'.
'Helper function to reset syslog config params'.
'Read a single record from the file handle.
'Returns a string containing JS alert message.'.
'Get the size of a file. DCNL :param file: Path to the
'Adds a new limit to the cache.'.
'Return the minimum of the value between low and high, or the default.'.
'Get profile image backend instance.'.
'Returns the MD5 hash of a file.'.
'Updates source index.'.
'Disable one or more packages.'.
'Cluster data using emclusterer.'.
'Upgrade all packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the value of the requested field in the request.
'Update supported locales. DCNL :param id: app identification. DCN
'Convert an asyncio future into a tornado future. DCNL :param asyncio_future
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Remove the null logging handler from the root logger.'.
'Create an xmlReader instance from an input source.'.
'Normalize a matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL
'If we don\'t have a constant, we have to compute the DCNL
'Power server on DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'backup config to JSON'.
'Get a list of files in a subdirectory.'.
'Returns the uid for the specified user, or None if the user does not exist.
'harvest uses test runner'.
'In `prompt_and_delete_repo()`, if the user wants to delete
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test unlink identity DCNL service API
'Returns the locale URL for the given URL.'.
'Builds and returns a Websocket upgrade request.
'Returns the user id of the default anonymous user DCNL if one isn\'t
'Parses a file and returns its content as a string.'.
'Wrapper for inserting int64 features into a TFRecord.'.
'Ensure that we can tokenize a cons list.'.
'Get the description of available video tracks. DCNL.
'Create a file named filename and encoding with the given encoding.'.
'Importing vispy.modules should only load the modules we know about.'.
'Return a list of all error classes supported by Redis.'.
'Returns the information about the given model.'.
'Returns a mask for all sequences whose values are equal ` pad_val` DCN
'Sum row and column shapes. DCNL Args: DCNL shapes: DC
'Join path components. DCNL :param parts: DCNL :return:
'Split a list of objects according to a predicate. DCNL :param pred:
'>>> test(sys.stdin, sys.stdout, f) DCNL
'Test isfile validation.'.
'Computes the categorical logpmf.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Runs the command \'msg
'Print an expression. DCNL Args: DCNL expr: The expression to
'Creates a URL. DCNL Args: DCNL url (str):
'Normalize language name. DCNL Args: DCNL localename: The name
'Returns a copy of ``it`` with elements of ``part`` DCN
'A context manager that creates a temporary style file and writes it to the DCNL
'Convert vni to binary type.'.
'A simple view to view the robots page.'.
'return value of metric'.
'Generate a quick Kanban board for a given board name and field name.'.
'List all repositories DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the HTTP Cookie header.'.
':param mime_type: mime-type string DCNL :param parsed_ranges
'Test evform'.
'Returns a deferred which will run the resolver on all domains.'.
':param binary_tuples: DCNL :type binary_tuples: DCNL
'List all keypairs. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Check for \'Q\' and \'Q\' keys.'.
'Removes the value of key from the cache entry DCNL :param cache_
'Returns a list of diffsets for the given review. DCNL :param review
'Create a DerBitString object from a binary string.'.
'Renders the given text as Markdown.'.
'Extract the constant value of `x`.
'Remove post hook.'.
'Renders the storage account container details.'.
'Returns a tuple of the running and running URLs and their DCNL ports.'.
'Render price property.'.
'Test making a sphere model.'.
'Get image volume cache by volume id.'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns auth name.'.
'Create test cache folder if it doesn\'t exist'.
'Uninstall Flocker on all nodes.
'A decorator to add sync methods to a class.'.
'Return color in equal space.'.
'Only load the module if poudriere is installed'.
'Render the power of a node.'.
':param site: DCNL :param cache: DCNL :return:'.
'Get the filename of the profile.'.
'A proxy function that prints a list of IP addresses.'.
'Restart the specified service.
'Convert indices to a comma separated string.'.
'Deletes ID3v1 and ID3v2 from a file.
'Format the number of bytes to be printed. DCNL :param num_bytes
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Update the local database with the latest
'A safe way to update the last login time of the user.'.
'Get prefix from pattern.'.
'Test support.build() with no source directory'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``seek-cur {
'Get the profiles string.'.
'Prints a list as a string.
'Creates a new xml runner.
'json_encode_np(obj) -> np.ndarray DCNL Encodes
'Returns the number of elements in n with respect to w2'.
'Executes the given command.
'Run the twisted reactor in a separate thread.
'Get the serial number of the machine.
'Creates a new push'.
'A view that prints the current thread\'s traceback.'.
' qualify the targets dependencies.
'Get style value.'.
'Generate random usernames.'.
'Calculates the linear reg angle'.
'Clears a volume. DCNL :param path: DCNL :param
'Test integer constructor.'.
'Returns the name of the current platform, e.g.
'Update conn_info with new targ map and lookup service.'.
'Test that arg_of_sigmoid raises ValueError'.
'Makes a TOTP.'.
'JSON encode function. DCNL :param value: DCNL :return:
'A version of L{safe_norm}. DCNL The L{safe_
'Unpack jseval source. DCNL Args: DCNL source (
'Return True if line ends with CR.'.
'List all services.'.
'Returns True if the provided address is a valid CIDR address.'.
'Read pickled file and return contents DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DC
'Get the name of the module.'.
'Destroy the block device mapping.'.
'Get the performance data for a given counter. DCNL :param counter_name
'List all the available certificates in the certificatestore.
'>>> failure_code_init(False) DCNL < failure_code
'Return the auth url of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Given a string and a formatted string, ask the user for the string DCNL
'split_addr(addr,encoding) -> (name, domain) DCNL
'Convert a native string to a Python value.'.
'Get a user by username.
'Uploads the previous version of ver to the specified doc root.'.
'Returns True if the value is less than or equal to x.'.
'Format the jid correctly'.
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Calculates the average PCA score for each label in y_true.'.
'Returns the Moto version as a string.'.
'Create the rst file and write it to disk.'.
'Handle file upload. DCNL Args: DCNL path: The path to
'Set the field_data field for each of the blocks.'.
'Check for misordered fields. DCNL Args: DCNL entries: dict
'Get all reservation belonging to a project.'.
':param path: Path to test targets DCNL :param module_path: Path
'Return a string if it exists, otherwise return None.'.
'Get the symbol used to sign a number.'.
'Compare the candidate configuration with the candidate configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns PUT request data.'.
'Displays the editable template loader.'.
'Return a human-readable name. DCNL Args: DCNL name (
'Compute the key expansion of an alginstance.'.
'Returns True if line is likely to be a multiline string.'.
'Unpack an ASF image from the data.'.
'Create NZB string from file elements.'.
'Takes a dictionary mapping signal names to their respective signals DCNL and sets them
'Get a list of entities and put them in the datastore.
'Add a message to the breadcrumbs table.
'Create a plot from the options dictionary.'.
'Return the age of the logs buffer.'.
'Write the XML content to disk DCNL :param content: DCNL :
'Render all constants.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Get media tracks. DCNL.
'Get the evaluated string.'.
'Returns the IP address of a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Split a string into a list of LaTeX strings.
'Save the current session.'.
'Safely import a module from a path.
'Return a reference to the current journal.'.
'Rename a string in a temporary file.'.
'Returns True if installation time is in Grace period, else False.'.
'Fixup an object\'s enum member names.'.
'Call func on all non-None elements of the expression.'.
'Load command class.'.
'Sends a message to the mattermost API.
'Convert color to QColor'.
'Prints all categories. DCNL :param parent_category_name: DC
'Return the dataset version as a string.'.
'Default dictionary returned by the API.'.
'Escape all non-ascii characters in a byte string.
'Returns the first f-option from a list of options'.
'Authenticate with WNS.
'Fixture to return a header checker.'.
'Returns True if two matrices are the same.
'Read a tab-style table.'.
'django specifying scenarios to run'.
'Return a list of tuples of (input, output) and errors message DCNL
'Create a default signal map.'.
'Create a Time slice from epochs, tmin and tmax.'.
'Returns the best match for a given cp.'.
'Get event manager from media list. DCNL.
'Returns a lambda function which returns a tuple of the values of the DCNL given
'Helper function to get the value of the SVM parameters.'.
'Convert a time into a datetime.'.
' rospack plugins DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a set of string-like dtypes.'.
'Sends a command to the console and waits for it to finish.'.
'Updates all translations.'.
'Adds a configuration to the project.'.
'Computes the mean of the class distribution between X and Y DCNL Parameters
'Check that the currently logged-in has permission to access the given trigger.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Release the lock.'.
'Create a new IKEPolicy. DCNL :param request: request context DC
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Print a vector.'.
'Extracts errors from EMR log output.'.
'Reload the default django URLconf if it isn\'t changed.'.
'Run shell job.'.
'Returns a dictionary of indexes for the given table.'.
'Create a new language'.
'Return a list of MAC addresses for the specified domain DCNL CLI Example: DC
'set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any
':param mime_type: mime-type string DCNL :param parsed_ranges
'Creates a client for working with cloud networks.
'Returns a list of (name, args, rtype) for all function protos
'Return all metrics'.
'Adds a stack trace if debug mode is enabled.'.
'Computes the correlation between two time series.
'Returns True if the line is out of range.'.
'Generate noise from noise covariance matrix.'.
'Format the outputs of a stack query.
'Convert a cell in A1 notation to A2 notation.
'>>> test_multiple_ inheritance() DCNL True'.
'Write a single head position to a fif file.
'Return the latest available records for the resource DCNL :param resource: the resource
'Return the paste_deploy. flavor string.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Tries to auto-identify the episode by type.
'Returns the target of the comment form.'.
'shared_login(request) DCNL shared_login(request) DCN
'Returns a Form class for the export action form.'.
'Prepares the inverse operator information.'.
'Check for \'key=value\'. DCNL :param logical_line
'Creates a query filter based on the settings in the filter.
'Returns a random job prefix.
'Shows the user\'s about page.'.
'The restful handler for videos.
'Get the content of a file as a gzip or text.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket
'This view generates a sitemap with additional geographic DCNL elements.
'Get a model layer from the viewer config.'.
'Get proxies from os.environ.
'Returns a list of most recent in-complete entries. DCNL :param user
'Test the precision options'.
'This is a utility function to install the Kometah editor. DCNL
'Check if indexname exists in dirname DCNL :param dirname: Path to index
'Only load if memcached is available.'.
'Set whether to pause the animation, or not. DCNL :param params:
'Sends an SMS message to a user.'.
'Migrate node facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict): existing
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Remove a partition. DCNL
'Returns a list of errant logs for the given root node.'.
'Open a pathname and return its handle'.
'Return True if all items in cls have the specified labels.'.
'Replaces whitespace at the beginning of each line with a single space.'.
'Render a genshi template with the given template name.'.
'Get a benchmark cluster.'.
'Return create exceptions. DCNL :param contract_creation_exceptions: DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Verify that the given option is present
'Helper to create a Variable with a weight decay.
'Computes the gradient of the sum of two variables.
'Runs the test suite if the main runner is available.'.
'Deletes a comment. DCNL Arguments: DCNL course_id (
'Return a normalized list of paths from a string.'.
'Test color normalization.'.
'Get the md5sum of a file.
'Returns True if the string contains printable characters.'.
'Helper function to check user and group'.
'Ensure link doesn\'t end with social auth'.
'Revert a document to another revision.
'Wait for the specified machine to connect to the specified host and port DCNL and
'Set the time in seconds since the epoch and output text.'.
'Checks if the given flow is dynamic.
'Open a web browser at the specified path.'.
'API: accepts output, value(=nova-queue-delete)'.
':param api: The api name DCNL :param dirname: The directory name DC
'{% navigation_bar_hooks %} DCNL Returns a list of navigation bar hooks
'Check if the domain name is valid. DCNL :param domain: DCN
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'ContactType delete'.
'Returns a set of permissions that are not available for the given user.'.
'Sends a mail template with the given parameters.
'List all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find the first node in a list of nodes.'.
'Adds a class to an object.
' Freeze login details. DCNL Args: DCNL mc_kwargs:
'Efficiently generate the edmonds karp core.
'Check if the Accept header contains a \'json\' value.'.
'Test to make sure the data type of the Adaophot table is DCN
'Set the start and end attributes of the element.'.
'Sends a message to a recipient list.
'Returns a list of all unique elements of `seq` in `[x]`.
'Returns the current time in the specified format.'.
'Read the page header from the given file object.'.
'Parse a requirements file and return a generator.'.
'Compute the challenge for a given key.
'Get normal vector3 from path.'.
'Normalize a timestamp. DCNL :param timestamp: DCNL :type timestamp
'Get all volume types by group.'.
'Returns the name of the write index for the specified group.'.
'Sets the path to the cache directory.
'Check if path is a valid path. DCNL :param path: Path to
'Submits a bulk email job.
'Return angle between - and +.'.
'Get size (in bytes) from backend.'.
'Write string \'s\', using the preferred encoding.
'API: accepts output'.
'Reload syslog-ng. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test filter registration.'.
'Converts a reverse domain name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Create a CSM with a zero-filled zeros-like shape.'.
'Determine if Vi header should be removed.'.
'Remove leading/trailing empty lines from a list of lines.'.
'Generate a random base string.'.
'Parse a cookie and return it as a dictionary with key=value pair DCNL
'Return the indentation level of the line.'.
'Create an obv data set from two arrays DCNL Parameters DCNL ds
'Convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable.'.
'Check that the checksum of all files in the db are consistent DCNL with the
'Return text with newsgroup quotes removed.'.
'Convert an RGB tuple to a hsv color.'.
'Get the version string from the libntdll library.'.
'Convert string to numpy array.'.
'Generate sample RoIs. DCNL Parameters DCNL fg_rois
':param headers: Header Dict DCNL :param post_data: DCNL
'Returns the full name of a module or package.'.
'Ensure that a logical volume is absent.
'Displays checkout cancel confirmation.'.
'DEPRECATED. DCNL Starts keeping errors. DCNL This
'Iterates over records in the file.'.
'Return True if we are running Python 2.x and >= 2.x.'.
'Generate an MD5 hash of a file.
'Returns True if entry is a valid hidden service address.'.
'Get the twitter notification service.'.
'Run script usage tests. DCNL :param test_data_dir: Path
'Get metadata about the instance.'.
'Returns True if the resource matches the pattern, false otherwise DCNL :param pattern
'Get a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Disable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9.1.8'.
'suggest semantic version. DCNL Args: DCNL s (str):
'Get list of parameters from list of layers.'.
'Compare two package versions, ignoring pkg1 and pkg2.'.
'Create agent.'.
'Returns a list of the newest `count` elements of `iterable` DCNL
'Split a path, returning a list of paths.'.
'Test that the correlation matrix is random.'.
'Checks if the given attribute name is in the reserved word list.
'Save the certificate to disk DCNL name DCNL The name of the certificate
'Remove all zeros at the beginning of an MLP DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Read the data from the end of a zip file.'.
'Create a top-level widget.
'Save all the settings to the global repository.'.
'Create a new shell.'.
'Check that all files in a list are complete. DCNL :param f:
'Return the nearest integer less than x.'.
'Wait until the specified jid is in progress'.
'Returns the content and content received from the flow DCNL :param hdritems:
'Return full path to.h files.'.
'Add a user like to an object.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__'.
'Parse a single cronfiguration file and return it.
'Copy an SSL option from src to dest DCNL Returns the path of the option
'Update a tag. DCNL :param fid: Tag ID DCNL :
'Run the API test suite.'.
'Return True if ``f`` contains ``c`` in ``K[X
'List all Launch Configurations.
'Displays the current time zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a copy of `attr_list` of `form` with all `attr
'Returns True if the given field is conservative.'.
'Tries to match the needed options formkfs and extFSfsfsfsfs
'The home page.'.
'Returns the identifier method for the given key.
'Generate a random genome.'.
'Return the path of the profiler log file.'.
'Upload a file to an S3 object.
'Only load the module if boto is installed'.
'Returns the number of antidiv divisor(n) such that ``n``
'Use the OAuth2 access token to set the access_token and refresh_token for
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a uniform distribution.
'Update RDS records for all load balancers in a stack.'.
'Convert a plural rule to a gettext-like string.'.
'Setup the Home Assistant server.'.
'Builds a Clic Network object from a Clic linear network.'.
'Return true if the string contains any table/column/rowid metadata DCNL
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the default locale to the system
'List all clusters DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the full path to the expt directory for the given job.'.
'Make a pipe non-blocking.'.
'Create fast start scripts for the given interpreter.'.
'Connect to a server. DCNL Args: DCNL description (str):
'Converts a timezone-aware datetime to UTC.
'Waits for the specified cluster to be quorum.
'Tries to decode a byte string.
'Set an object in memcached and delete it if it exists. DCNL :
'Return a normalized string of text.'.
'Returns the class to use for SignupForm.'.
'Try to rewrite routes according to params. routes_app.
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the path component of the base path, e.g.
'Appends host and pool to host if not already existing. DCNL :param
'Builds and returns the API entrypoint flow.'.
'Parses a string and returns its output as a string.
'Returns True if the console window is visible.'.
'Get the default namespace.'.
'Get the wol list from the local device DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Show the lowstate data from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Get a node with the specified C{nodeId} and C{nodeattrs}.
'Creates a new user.
'Check w3af repository for conflicts DCNL :param path: Path to repository
'Returns True if the node does not have a \'label\' attribute.'.
'Ensure that the named group is promoted to any of the other DCNL
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Returns True if the element is an bound property.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL the view
'Bump cache for given product.
'Create a mock key_provider.'.
'Map all library datasets to lddas.'.
'Return the systemd version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Copy lines from a file to a journal. DCNL :param in_:
'Run all unit tests.'.
'Log a warning about missing microversion header.'.
'Calculates the median of num grouped values.
'Read a raster file and return a polygon. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename
'Get fixed ip by network host or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Parses a string or file-like object into an instance of :class:`
'Set up canned roles.'.
'Decode a string to base64-encoded form DCNL :param s: The string
'Computes the KpSS estimate of standard deviations DCNL Parameters DC
'Get items from a queue.'.
'Returns the number of items in an iterable.'.
'Read the header from a file.
'Returns a new base object for the given plugin and version.'.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test StratifiedValidationKFold.'.
'Save uploaded data to filename DCNL :param uploaded: DCNL :param
'Returns a list of most recent messages for the given thread. DCNL :param
'Return the mapper associated with the given entity.'.
'Return a human-readable file size (i.e.
'Get a clipboard.'.
'Takes a list of allowed protocol names and returns a sorted list of DCNL
'Return the name of the currently active resource.'.
'Create a set of subtasks for the given query. DCNL :param task
'Check if the accept keywords is in the approved list. DCNL :param approved
'Asserts that the specified HTML block does not contain invalid HTML.'.
'Parses ISO 8601 timestamps. DCNL :param value: datetime.datetime
'Convert a string to a dictionary. DCNL :param text: The text to
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Get a blob from storage_conn
'Parse a string starting at start and returning a (start, value) tuple.'.
'Signal handler for deleting an item from the datastore DCNL :param usage_key
'Destroy the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the domain name of the workgroup.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Delete a sysv service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the total sentiment of a document.'.
'Return the status of a MySQL server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes mean of two variables DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray
'A function to generate a random sample of memory. DCNL :rtype:
'Apply func with a random selector.
'Get the hash processor for the given Kex algorithm. DCNL.
'Default feedback URL.'.
'Returns True if the two strings are the same, False otherwise.'.
'Returns the absolute url of the resource located at ``uri``.
'Generate HTML report. DCNL :param relative_links: DCNL :
'Internal, remove a bridge'.
'Returns a formatted WMI-style string. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Return data as a string of bytes.'.
'Write \'contents\' to a file named \'filename\'.'.
'Computes the trace of a diagonal matrix.
'Look for a file in the S3 bucket cache file DCNL :param metadata
'Get the version information from pyzmq.'.
'Cleans the given HTTP headers.
'Checks the result of a dbl call and returns the last argument.'.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect, depending on DCNL
'Removes leading and trailing slash from a string.'.
'Builds and returns the pillar dictionary.'.
'Prints a tensor. DCNL Parameters DCNL message : str DCN
'Find an unused port on the local machine.'.
'Returns the view content for the specified file.'.
'Returns a dictionary of entries for each plugin in groups.'.
'Class decorator to register a new fczmdriver.'.
'Ensure that the default security group exists.'.
'Set a file descriptor to non-blocking mode.'.
'Return True if we can use cache for products.'.
'Reset the default rc params.'.
'Test correctness of input tensor with prob_max_pool_c01b'.
'Determine if the element should be reverseed.'.
'Decorate a method that takes ``cr``, ``uid``, ``uid`
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.
'Make sure the completion item focuses when no model is specified.'.
'Main program.'.
'Extract the base64-encoded signature from a string. DCNL :param signature_
'Return the path of dev in the standard path.'.
'Run apiserver.'.
'Makes an environment key for testing purposes.'.
'Returns True if the course contains contentexperiments, False otherwise.'.
'Waits for IO events to be read from a list of sockets DCNL
'Update a file in the finder.'.
'Write a named matrix tag.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression LBRACE'.
'The entry point for the Command line interface.'.
'Convert string value to int.'.
'Run unit tests.'.
'Returns a usage key for the given `usage_key_string`, filled in in
'Get thetexlive value of the given variable.
'Test that replay.load raises if the key is not in context.'.
'Location delete'.
'Enable a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a Template. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCNL
'Returns a set of all characters defined in block_range that are not in exceptions.
'Send e-mail when a reply is published.'.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename'.
'Configures the chassis. DCNL :param changes: DCNL :
'A context manager that changes the working directory to *path* and DCNL changes
'Returns the rights for the specified activity type.
'>>> looking_at_call( looking_at_call()) DCNL
'Add sphere.'.
'A context manager that sets the current user.
'Convert a minolta tensor to a floating point value.'.
'>>> x = test_copyied_yield(x) DCNL >>>
'Setup plugin.'.
'Returns a dictionary containing the most recent version of the named package.'.
'Returns True if the value passed in is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Returns True if the datastore is primed.'.
'List all the available list extensions.'.
'Converts a type name into an identifier. DCNL :param ityp:
'Get the hardware address on Windows using NetBIOS calls.
'Return True if the value is a numpy extension.'.
'Test that module scope is updated on patch.'.
'Test fit sample with 0.5 ratio'.
'Generate a random sample from an array of values.'.
'Parse a time in milliseconds.'.
'Returns a Form class for the given list of form field instances.'.
'Run the OSF tests.'.
'Get the credential name for a tenant'.
'Given a list of objects, return a list of statements to DCNL be used
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the hostname for the container.
'calculate_meta(meta, bases) -> metadata DCNL Calculate the metadata class
'Print the contents of a file.'.
'Signal handler for SIGUSR1, only available on Unix-like systems.'.
'req_json_rpc(url, session_id, rpcmethod, subsystem,
'Ensures that the context is not an administrator.'.
'Ensures that the input is of type float and returns it.
'Return a copy of sequence with all non-overlapping arguments removed.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'A replacement for :func:`ssl.wrap_socket`.'.
'Checks if youtube video urls are available. DCNL Args: DCNL urls
'Check that skipna is a boolean and if so, call validate_cum_func
'Compile `dfn` in the directory `dfn`.'.
'Convert ``f`` to ``x**n`` polynomials in ``K
'Updates a job. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Computes the elementwise square root of a tensor.
'Remove a key from etcd DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Called after each scenario.'.
'Encode hex string to base32'.
'Returns a message to be sent when arating is complete.'.
'Remove special characters from string.'.
'Returns current incoming rate based on stock ledger configuration DCNL :param args:
'Send an event publish event.'.
'Forces a new style url to be passed to the template.
'Change torrent directory DCNL :param torrent_dir: DCNL :param
'Returns a list of all possible pairs of terms. DCNL :param terms:
'Adds an image to the navigation bar.'.
'Read a motif from a file.'.
'Infer Inference Network. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : float DC
'Get other tricomplex times.'.
'Test filter creation.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no bookend.'.
'Returns the admin URLs for the comment model.'.
':param kwargs: DCNL :return: DCNL :return:'.
'my_watchlist page: displays all user updates'.
'Reset worker optimizations.'.
'Method to encode payload using LZ4 algorithm. DCNL :param payload:
'Read pillar data and return it DCNL :param minion_id
'Create a new virtual environment.
'Get config from INI file.'.
'usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name]...'.
'Returns the format for the specified type.
'Authenticate using HTTP digest authentication.
'Check if hook_file contains a valid hook name.
'Add labels to a host.
'Get change value from p4 command.'.
'Prints a string.'.
'Run a Jupyter notebook from the command-line DCNL Args: DCNL
' identity(x) -> x DCNL identity(x) -> x DCN
'generic2 distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL value : float DCNL std
'Get the error handler.'.
'Log an error. DCNL :param error_token: DCNL :
'Returns a list of members of a group.'.
'Returns a list of ( license_id, title) pairs for use in license management
'Returns True if we are running in debug mode.'.
'The initial document values for the form.'.
'Return a list of all currently running jobs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get loop element.'.
'Takes a list of marker objects and returns a sorted list of marker objects.
'Get all policies attached to a group.
'Returns the number of elements in a sequence.'.
'Builds the VM boot spec.'.
'Ensure path is relative.'.
'Step. many_from_lines can fail if there are no lines that start with
'Open a file-like window for the given file object.'.
' connected to the perspective.'.
'yaml: ssh-builder DCNL Execute an ssh command.
'toggle projectors.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token.'.
'M mismatched objects. DCNL Arguments: DCNL mismatched (dict
'Get normal weighted cross.'.
'Return the name of the local time zone.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the value of one or more
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``suggest`
'Expose this function via the API but don\'t require a user.'.
'Nice wrapper around oslo\'s i18n wrapper.'.
'Tries to match the regular expression with the values of the form DCNL and
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if any services are
'Delete a namespace\'s content. DCNL :param namespace_id: The
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-alpha characters.'.
'Test the join in inplace.'.
' imagembers resource factory method'.
'Returns true if the value for the given key is a safe model type.'.
'Run refreshrepo. DCNL :param module: DCNL :param auto
'Set current audio channel. DCNL.
'Get statistics about the VMs that are managed by the specified cluster.'.
'Returns a string describing an object\'s method(s) and job(s)
'Fetch a key from the cache bank.
'Returns a list of pages to show in a paginated list.
'Checks the database.'.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version` should
'Returns True if mac address is a valid MAC address.'.
'Returns a dict of folder names as key-value pairs. DCNL :param
'Chop one character off of a sequence. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Stop all the workers in the specific load balancer DCNL CLI Examples: DCN
'Efficiently divide ``f` by ``x**n`` in ``
'Computes nb SVM model parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Test that input estimator can be changed to new data'.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL.
'Test an union test. DCNL Args: DCNL comment: The comment
'Account password form'.
'Return True iff any element in sequence is true.'.
'Importing vispy.gloo.gloo.gloo should
'Returns a FormSet for the given kwargs.'.
'Convert a string of bytes to a long integer.'.
'Notifies the user about a change in the translation.'.
'Returns a pretty-print of the current page. DCNL :param page:
'Generate anchor points according to aspect ratio DCNL Parameters DCNL base_size
':param id: The name of the method to execute DCNL :param methodname
'Return a new environment object.'.
'Updates an existing course enrollment.
'Install one or more packages.
'Run the background task.'.
'Test virtualenv version'.
'Process bc_freqs into bcs list. DCNL :param bc_
'subscribe a user to a creator DCNL :param creator_id: DCN
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get channel indices by type.'.
'A simple room'.
'Check if a service is system-wide DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Shut down a slug. DCNL Args: DCNL slug_candidate
'Get the name of a currency from the locale.'.
'Returns True if the xblock is a unit, False otherwise.'.
'Serialize exception into JSON. DCNL :param failure_info: DCNL
'Make a bad request. DCNL Args: DCNL code (str):
'Sends an email to unclaimed_user if the user is unclaimed
'Returns True if the given user exists, False otherwise.'.
'Return a reStructuredText document'.
'initialise module'.
'Get the lower and upper bounds for a slice structure.'.
'Parse the HTTP Client authorization header.'.
'Create an DCNL :class:`yamoby` class from an
'Converts a string of old-style characters to new-style ones DCNL
'Uninstalls the session factory from the cache.'.
'test that you can read multiple files'.
'Adds a short share link to documents.'.
'Converts an integer to a base36 string.'.
'Builds a list of Campaign operations. DCNL :param campaign_operations
'Return a list of all locales that are valid.'.
'Test computation of interpolation solution.'.
'Creates a folder structure. DCNL :param depth: The depth of the
'Check to see if any callbacks exist.'.
'Create a database collection. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str):
'Get an iterator over all the available Glance API servers.
'The main function.'.
'Checks whether user can view reports for given project.'.
'Convert an object into a list.'.
'Ensures that all characters of the string are case sensitive.
'Get an adapter from the registry.'.
'Extract key-value pairs from a dictionary DCNL >>> extract_key_values
'Delete an object. DCNL :param filename: File to delete DCNL
'Raise assertion error if a == b.'.
'Computes the quantiles of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL data
'Set the rate limit for a task.'.
'Encode a file. DCNL Args: DCNL in_file: File
'Computes the Levenshtein distance between each element of an array.
'Returns a timezone-aware datetime.datetime.'.
'Disable profiling. DCNL :param profile: DCNL :param service:
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Try to decode incoming string.
'Returns the full path to the command-line program.'.
'Represent a list of ids as a multi-type string.'.
'Returns an array of the given size and dtype, where DCNL each element is
'Returns a dictionary of title information. DCNL :rtype: list[str
'A view that checks whether the user has the given permission.'.
'Pre-execute hook.'.
'Return a transformation matrix from an array of (x, y, z) coordinates.
'Create a tenant (keystone tenant-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Context manager to collect profiling statistics. DCNL :param file_prefix: Path
'Show details about a baremetal node.'.
'Returns the full path to a callable object.'.
' massage stats. DCNL :param stats: stats dictionary DCNL :
'Coerce \'value\' to a bytestring if set or not nullable.'.
'Return a list of template names used by GitHub.'.
'Return a list of all disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of the given key.'.
'Read the images stored on disk. DCNL Args: DCNL input_
'Remove packages from a list of packages DCNL :param pkg_list: List
'Decodes a Fvint value and returns it as a (val, flags,
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if username/password combination is valid.'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test that macro expansion works as expected'.
'Get a list of works. DCNL Returns a dict with information about each works
'Get the bitstring value of a little-endian unsigned long given file.'.
'Run the script at script_path.
'Returns data as a formated dictionary. DCNL :param data: List of
'Returns the value of the named property in the given element, DCNL or None
'Inverts the binary tree.'.
'Get wrapped float.'.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Return a list of available users (keystone user-list) DCNL CLI
'Returns the name of the given signal.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Check the status of an item, update the data structure DCNL with the latest
'return new lat/lon tuple with bearing and distance'.
'Returns the subtype for the given type.'.
'Ensure that mangled-bang identifiers are valid.'.
'Returns the global context for a page.'.
'Blink clip by d_on and d_off.
'Flood and receive packets at layer 3 DCNL nofilter: put 1 to
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL monitor HACKING guide guide guide
'Find the cover page.'.
' interpret a marker and return the result DCNL :param marker: DCNL
'Get information about an Elasticache subnet group.
'Parse a docstring and return a dict of style options.'.
'Simple command-line program to connect to Netmiko server.'.
'monitor.setgammagrid with new grid'.
'Check to make sure the result is correct.'.
'Returns a generator of (fs, glob, task) for each DCNL filesystem
':type event: cloudbot.event.Event DCNL :type conn:
'Calculates the root mean square error.
'A simple view that returns the current environment.'.
'Removes a boot volume.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``plchangespos
'<location> -- Gets information about <location>.'.
'Return the networkid to use'.
':type path: str DCNL :rtype: collections.Iterable[Iterable[
'Returns the binary representation of a number. DCNL :param number: The number
':type bot: cloudbot.CloudBot DCNL :type bot: clou
'Assert that the object does not follow unicode guidelines.'.
'Yield successive n-sized slice.'.
'Return True if line is a line that matches pat.'.
'Resizes video. DCNL :param src: File to be uploaded DCN
'Converts a phone number in letters into its numeric equivalent.'.
'Returns the n-th smallest elements of a list.'.
'Returns a dictionary mapping field names to indices of duplicates DCNL :param fields:
'Start up a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Down the virtual environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the anonymous id for the given user and course.
'Verifies that all modules in `build_root` are up-to-date
'Returns True if callback is an API view.'.
'Make a style that does nothing.'.
'Returns True if the sheet exists'.
'Create a constant record.'.
'List all users. DCNL profile : string DCNL profile to list all
'Read calendars from yaml file.'.
'CONNECT Section 9.4.11'.
'Recomputes the path from the initial_state to the DCNL root
'Refresh facts for the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return information about a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the data from the browser DCNL :param row_list: DCN
'Test fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Folder edit page'.
'Ensure service is absent. DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Download appstats data to a file.
'Pynet main function. DCNL :param ip_addr: IP address
'Abort the process with the given messages. DCNL :param msgs: DCN
'Remove a user from a group.
'Get a list of test suite names.'.
'Returns subscription property as JSON.'.
'Returns a filter that checks if the group has a snapshot.'.
'A view that returns a lxml element tree.'.
'Create a dask array from an array or a dask array DCNL Parameters DCN
'Convert size in bytes to a human readable string. DCNL :param size:
'Returns a file-like object for the given URL.'.
'Returns a boolean if the object is not None.'.
'Check whether or not an AST node can be parsed. DCNL :param year
'Returns True if the given user exists on the system.'.
'Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
'expr_list : expr_list'.
'Returns True if all objects in the list are equal.'.
'Resolve a domain name to an IP address.
' medprice'.
'Log an error with the given reason and message.'.
'Elementwise logistic function.
'Returns a MIME message from the response.'.
'Delete an existing pool member.
'--stop-level output.'.
'Return module as a module.'.
' hydrate sources field. DCNL :param sources_field: SourceField
'Adds a request suffix to a string.'.
'Makes a CDF from a PMF.
'Unescapes a string. DCNL :param string: DCNL :
'Returns the largest lambda function of k.
'Read the contents of the file at the given path.
'A context manager for temporarily replacing URLs.
'Enable syslog. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Auto-delete files for model.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Create a new devicerecord from a record.
'Return a dict of things keyed by sr_id.'.
'Get the media service discover object. DCNL.
'Signal receiver for course published changes.'.
'Returns an iterator over the lines of a protocol buffer.
'Return passwd_changes information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Load a template tag.
'Make sure that we don\'t overwrite any entries in mod_attr.'.
'Return the description of an object.
'Store friends for the given user.'.
'Create an empty :class:`cupy.ndarray` object.
'Raise ResourceDenied if the specified resource is not available.'.
'Test installing as an egg.'.
'Helper function to send command to a specific worker DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Parse a multipart form.
'getigw_desribe_bad_id should not be None'.
'Returns the integer mag of a number.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL leave a transaction management state for a
'Concatenate a list of tensors along an axis.
'Computes the L2 norm of an expression DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Read bool from bti file.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Return the LUX value of the raw matrix.
'Register a callback to be invoked when a resource is about to be provide DCNL
'Returns True if user has permission for some organization, False otherwise.'.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier'.
'Convert a path to a nested dictionary.'.
'Flaade config.'.
'Test reading Montage positions.'.
'Save the state to disk DCNL :param state: DCNL :return
'Get all volumes belonging to a generic group.'.
'Find the unit pattern for the given unit ID.
'Copy a list of files. DCNL Args: DCNL in_files
'Converts a type string into a list of valid types. DCNL :param
'Return the path to the pylintrc file.
'Define a new role for a entity DCNL.
'Application INFORMATION Section 9.1.51'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Test reconstruction with mask equal to mask.'.
'API endpoint to auto register a new public key.
'Masks sensitive data. DCNL Args: DCNL msg (str):
'Make a web call to OpenNebula.
'Run shell command in current working directory.'.
'Get the file paths of the file. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Convert upper triangular matrix to lower triangular matrix.'.
'Generate a TOTP password.'.
'Save data to a file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str
'Invalidates the hash of the invalidations file. DCNL :param suffix_
'Add representer to the dumper.'.
'DEPRECATED, please use :func:`patch_object`.'.
'Decorator that wraps a function as a tasklet.'.
'Main program. DCNL Args: DCNL req_dir: Path to
'Create a Flask application.'.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any. DCN
'Returns the current site\'s metadata as a dictionary.
'Returns a generator of (name, value) pairs for HTTP headers.'.
'Process calls from call_queue and put the results in result_queue.'.
'Converts an ElementTree entry element to a topic object.'.
'Sync action. DCNL :param action_sync: DCNL :return
'Adds an error to the saved errors list.'.
'Returns True if the given `item` is an ancestor of the DCNL course
'Check the fscale argument.'.
'Iterate through a pair of terms.'.
'Return HTML to open a directory structure in a browser. DCNL :param path
'Lookup up the encoder for the given encoding.'.
'Show all the figures and enter the main loop.'.
'Add pillars output to positives.'.
'Copy all extras.txt files to outdir.'.
'Returns a list of scheme and host for the RRD server.'.
'Resets the profile to the default value.'.
'Escape an RFC-822 compliant header string. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Return True if the provided string is an IPv6 address.'.
'Set the color limits of the current image.
'Get a list of all related models for a given model.
'Create a verifier for an ecdsa signature. DCNL :param signature:
'Format a date according to the global date format.'.
'Load a module from a file DCNL Args: DCNL name:
'Gets the configuration for the Organisations field.'.
'A safe version of os.kill with the given pid and signal.'.
'getprog() DCNL :param acid: acid DCNL :
'Switches the host of the current host.
'Update root_organisation DCNL.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Initialize web engine and settings.'.
'Removes any unused files.'.
'Computespauli product. DCNL Args: DCNL e:
'Get the size of a MySQL database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove an ASAM platform.
':param object_hash: DCNL :param ts_data: DCNL
'Parse the iscsiname line'.
'Returns a list of view roots.'.
'Get the instance of a method class instance.
'Remove the named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if e is an SSL error.'.
'Insert only filters from gpu.'.
'Display the root page.'.
'Simple example.'.
'Returns a text summary of the changes between two models.'.
'Run the setup.py script from the command line.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Lists all files in the local directory
'Get the user preferences from the user\'s preferences.'.
'Returns a list of linearly spaced colors. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Compute the boundaries of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Install a language.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision.
'Render a Bootstrap form.'.
'Add source files to result.'.
'Get session ID DCNL :param url: DCNL :param username:
'Returns True if the user is prereg admin.'.
'Update server info. DCNL :param repo: Path of repository DCNL
'initialise module'.
'Entry point for the script.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
' Freeze a container DCNL name DCNL Name of the container DCN
'Escapes a string for use in a Markdown document.'.
'Run \'misc\' tests'.
'Get server console output.'.
'Generate histogram of quality scores. DCNL Args: DCNL qual_fp
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'List contents of a queue DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Display a list of resources. DCNL :param resource_list: A list
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service
'Get the full path to a config file for a given atom.'.
'Computes the covariance matrix for one step.'.
'Destroy the consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist.'.
'>> decrypt_keyfile <keyfile> DCNL decrypt_keyfile <
'Split source_file into code and text blocks.
'Find all actions in the given namespace.
'Returns the first item in a list'.
'Get the Freesms notification service.'.
'Move a file to a new location.
'Color line plot. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : list DCNL
'Get the rank index.'.
'Remove config file if it isn\'t there.'.
'Return combination of bottom and top channels.
'Process the tree. DCNL :param mtree: DCNL :param
'Returns the current time zone as a tzinfo object.'.
'Return the status of an ec2 volume.
'Adds extra data to existing user\'s extra data.
'Callback invoked when a message has been processed.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets a variable to be used by
'Extract and train the CIFAR10 dataset.
'Test either if an error is raised when an object is different at fitting DCNL
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Returns the full url for a given path.'.
'Setup the INSTALLED_APPS environment variable.'.
'>>> name_set_in_method_signature(name_set_in
' lead index assigned to current user'.
'Get a queryset from a class.'.
'Apply the softmax function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Replaces ampersands with underscores.'.
'Get a matplotlib colormap.
'Run a command and return its exit code and stdout.'.
'Change the volume and file entries in the LRS table DCNL :param table
'Checks if LUN ID is available on the given host.'.
'Returns a list of jobs.
'Return the value of a key in the config DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Calculate the Fletcher 16 checksum of a binary buffer.'.
'Takes a list of sets and merges them together into a single set DCNL
'Export a course to a tar file.
'Returns the alpha shard of a word.'.
'Extracts a list of capability capabilities from a text. DCNL :param text
'Permutes rows of an array.
'>>> filter_identity(True) DCNL True DCNL >>> filter
'Give a list of page where the user has changed.'.
'Return the current import stacklevel.
'Delete an alert. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Set DNSmasq facts if not already present. DCNL Args: DCN
'Create and return a :class:`loopback.control_client` instance.
'Returns True if vox2ras_tkr is installed'.
'Get normals.'.
'Event: list member removed'.
'This method is called every time a course is published.
'View a screenshot.'.
'Takes a list of attachments and returns a dict of formatted attachments.'.
'Check if `code` can be written to a file or a file-like object
'Adds the current page to the context.'.
'Returns True if the argument is an finite number.'.
'Returns a short version string.'.
'Find the first occurence of a vowel in a string.'.
'Returns input as a tensor whose expression is the same as DCNL input.
'Computes the sine of a blackman\'s power series DCNL
'View people.'.
'Render an alert. DCNL :param alert_type: DCNL :
'Returns True if there are any CSP policies in the response.'.
'Return (None, None) if no instances can be loaded.'.
'Test adding patch information.'.
'Get the full path toflowgram_ali.exe.'.
'Get the global \'localhost\' value.'.
'Re-encrypt ciphertext. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCN
'Check that theori is not None and can be used as a DCNL
'Run a command and return its output. DCNL Returns None if the command fails
'Returns a set of fully-connected layers with fully-connected layers.'.
'Run the else tests.'.
'Returns a summary of the number of jobs that have been updated.'.
'Collect all bears from all the given sections.
'Return the length of the given bytearray.
'Returns the name of a response cell based on the routing path.
'Remove users from an ACL group.
'Test the relu activation function.'.
'Determine if there is a trace for gj at index i in dxtrav
'Set a global constant value.
'Calculates a single equation.'.
'Return the amount of memory used by VM'.
'Display a box with a list of tags.'.
'Test radian base conversion'.
'Get a reference to an equalizer. DCNL.
'Delete the specified metadata item.'.
'Remove tags from a trail.
'Parse the user line'.
'Main program. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Get a badge from the database or create it if it does not exist.'.
'Log an attribute of an object.
'This function is called by _parse_strip_cruft and DCNL
'Convert a fixture to a list of table tuples.'.
'Sets the current user for the thread.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Output with indentation level.'.
'Test html formatting'.
'Return True if sr is visible in this subreddit.'.
'Main program.'.
'View function that handles a reset password request. DCNL :param current_user
'Check if a file exists.'.
'Represent a date as a date in ISO 8601 format with the DCNL
'Import in IPython notebooks.
'Return a list of all possible file suffixes.'.
'Tries to get a string from a device.
'Returns a unique ID.'.
'Validates bucket name. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str):
'Marks a string as safe for inclusion in a document.'.
'Run search-changed event loop. DCNL Args: DCNL drain:
'Returns a list of line numbers for each file in the diff.'.
'Dumps debug message to file. DCNL :param msg: DCNL
'Get the vendor name from the PCI ID.
'Test montage plot'.
'Return the absolute path to the named resource.
'Returns a list of random elements from iterable.
'Blink other branch'.
' shortens a name to a maximum of max_length characters.'.
'Returns a permutation of the group `n` elements.
'Adds additional filters to the module.'.
'Returns the user that owns the current thread.
'Test installing from wheel with --compile on'.
'Create a mock for os.path.expandvars and os. expanduser.'.
'Stop the virtual machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Executes the evaluator with the given arguments and returns the DCNL value of the
'Returns the access token for the specified OAuth code.'.
'Ensure the container is managed to start on boot DCNL name DCNL
'A context manager to temporarily set an object\'s field with a new value.'.
'This function returns a dict of all the predictors that should DCNL be called
'Pushes a single line to the terminal.'.
'Enable/disable label on plot.'.
'Updates the course with the passed_id or passed_id.
'Remove dead links from a directory DCNL :param directory: Directory to remove DC
'Update dictionary d with values from other.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Return a boolean constant indicating whether the given hash is used.'.
'Return full GDAL version information.'.
'<word> -- gets a synonym of <word>.'.
'Wait for the element to be present. DCNL :param css_selector:
'Test either if an error is raised when the object is wrong type of nn'.
'Create an oc command mock'.
'Attach total points as a json column to each object of the queryset.
'Try to get the first token from source starting with token, and raise a syntax error
'Returns a list of all the groups that the specified user belongs to DCNL CLI
'Returns True if the given token is valid. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Wrapper around os.dispatch that only works on BSD-like systems.'.
'Return a list of existing networks.'.
'Get the package version from the results file'.
'Return the value of a single option'.
'Apply a function to each element of a sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Apply the given function to its arguments and optionally DCNL invoke its DCNL
'Parse a list of trees. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DC
'Compare two SCCS strings.
'Return an iterator over keys of a dictionary.'.
'Delete a console or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return the absolute path to the paste-deploy.yaml config file.'.
'Returns a block matrix with all rows and columns filled in.'.
'validate and return a list of values for option of type \'multiple\''.
'A context manager that changes the current working directory to dirname.'.
'Create a naming object from a dictionary.'.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL Args: DCNL url (str):
'Encode a list of strings into a bytestring.'.
'List the contents of a remote machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test getting a response from a proxy.'.
'Returns a list of the status of the minion DCNL master DCNL
'Fixes all HTML documents in the container.'.
'Get module from directory path.'.
'Run a p4 command and raise an exception if it fails.'.
'Tests that the TOS-specific notification sent message should still be DCNL sent
'Create an ELB DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Returns True if url is from a spider, False otherwise.'.
'Unescape characters from text.'.
'Asserts if the source_string matches the target_string.
'Save the given password in the keyring.'.
'Get a repository from the database via name and owner.'.
'Return the index of the degrees in a given order.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Check if format string is a memoryview format string. DCNL :param fmt
'Computes polynomial GCD of ``f`` and ``g`` in
'Read a cache entry. DCNL :param stream: File-like object to
'Encode a Message instance into a string.
'Returns the number of default test processes.
'Inspect an object. DCNL Args: DCNL obj (str):
'Parse an ID from a string.'.
'Set up the data.'.
'Takes a list of (fieldname, value) tuples and attempts to submit it
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the value of the keyword argument
'Assert that ARP is still alive. DCNL :param src_namespace:
'Return a list of all VMs that are on the provider.
'This function is called when an optimized XLSX has been DCNL created.
'Return a list of (x, labels) tuples from the given text.'.
'Helper to create translation project.'.
'Get the DNS host names for a network.'.
'Returns context variables for debugging purposes.'.
'random_func(a, b, c) -> list(a, b,
'Returns a context string for the given line of the given template.
'Test initdb --no-permission-sets and --users.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replay_gain_
'solves the R^(x^(y^(x^(y^
'Creates GPG object'.
'Test uninstalling an entry point.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Takes a list of events and sorts them in ascending order. DCNL :
'Returns the name of the current code. DCNL :param segment_info:
'Get the accessible attribute.'.
'Returns True if the word is a short syllable.'.
'Read registry keys and return a dictionary.'.
'Generates an auth response from a list of CherryPy objects.'.
'Returns a selection model.'.
'Create a test suite containing a failure XML string.'.
'Apply the current operation to the codon list.'.
'Takes a dictionary of errors and returns a list of dictionaries with the DCNL
'Creates a directory if needed.
'Returns a list of plugins that have been upgradeable.'.
'Get all programs available to the user.
'Represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network (big-endian) order.
'Return the name of the process with the given pid.'.
'Marks the lock as being a no-op.'.
'Convert an object name to a class name.'.
'Return a client for the specified version of the Openstack Cloud API.'.
'Elementwise softplus function. DCNL Parameters DCNL z : array DC
'Play a song by number. DCNL :param num: The number to play
'Check if path is a valid web root.'.
'Return the size of a file-like object according to the given fp-like type
'Check to see if the specified authentication is available. DCNL :param name:
'Computes the covariance matrix for a new spherical model DCNL resid:
'Ensure the process with the given pid exists.'.
'Returns True if the current process is the main process.'.
'Returns True if ``getattr`` is protected.'.
'Handle the \'training_onvalidation\' event in the database'.
'Get the perimeter width.'.
'Process an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCNL
'Updates Google Drive. DCNL :param date: The date to update the Google
'Returns a string representation of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'encoding
'Publish an action execution request. DCNL Args: DCNL liveaction(
'Restore a SONOS device to its original state.'.
'Add a media item in the media list. DCNL.
'Extract the content type from a MIME header.'.
'Returns a list of collection summary models matching the given collection ids.'.
'Given a valid config, create an internet gateway.
'This method gets appropriate command name for the state specified.
'Batched INSERT statements with no primary key.'.
'Returns the path to the directory containing the i package.'.
'Set the weight of all widgets in the dashboard'.
'Merges the last token into a new token.'.
'Return the absolute path to the audit log directory.'.
'Makes a gcode linear move file.'.
'Evaluates ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Set the status of the given file descriptor.
'Register pycomcategory.'.
'parameter_list : parameter_list'.
'Get the description of a gcode file.'.
'Returns the line and offset of a character at the cursor.
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'End recording. DCNL :param status: http status DCNL :return
'Returns a new Simplewiki object with the database URI.'.
'Converts a string to lowercase.'.
'Run flake.'.
'Unpurge one or more packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the request was signed with a valid POST signature.'.
'Returns the location of the config directory.'.
'Computes the Hamming distance between two strings s1 and s2.
'Returns a URL from the given parameters.'.
'Checks that the given email address is valid. DCNL :param email_address
'Ensures that user-entered fields are present and that user-entered
'Get credentials.'.
'Check for calls to ``assert_called_once_with` in the source code
'The default string format for the firewall rule.'.
'Return the preferred IP address for the VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get the output of a command.'.
'A utility function to capture stdio output.
'Colorize syntax. DCNL :param lexer: lexer name DCNL :
'Upgrade all packages installed via pip upgrade DCNL bin_env DCNL The
'Count real roots of a polynomial in ``K[x]``.
'Returns a sorted list of all the files that are not present in the DCNL
':param uri: DCNL :param uri: DCNL :param uri:
'Takes a list of (x, y) tuples and interpolates DCNL
'Return the wordnet object corresponding to the tag.'.
'Test that print works for Python 2.x and Python 3'.
'Computes the derivative of the Roer-Meler-Fan
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the rendered template.'.
'Compile a URI into a Python code string.
'Get movie title. DCNL.
'Read excel file and return a list of asset instances DCNL :param excel_
'Group releases by version. DCNL Args: DCNL versions (int):
'Adds a coroutine function to the scheduler. DCNL :param coro:
'Convert a CFSet to a Python set.'.
'Auth context processor.'.
'Get key function.'.
'Add a security group to an instance.'.
'Forces a value to be rendered as rendered in a rendered template, DCNL
'Get all bootstrap modules.'.
':type path: str DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Return the full path to a file in the package DCNL :param package:
'Returns True if the input is related to the text.'.
'Install VCS from the supplied manifest.
'Evaluates the symbol at the given offset in the given Python module DCNL
'toggle the querystring for the current page'.
'Get groups for all containers.'.
'Test that we can enable private-browsing cache.'.
'Delete an SSH key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a string to a unicode string.'.
'Checks if the connection is alive.'.
'Create a video capture object from source.'.
'Converts a bytestring to an integer.'.
'Reset all nolint-suppressions. DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Loads the notification data from a file. DCNL :param filename: file
'Test the fitting method'.
'Ensure completion view is visible and can be used for filtering.'.
'Get all articles for a given language.'.
'docstring for main'.
'Return True if func accepts the given kwarg.
'Return the default shell for the job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a model from the supplied root_class. DCNL :param root_
'Returns a class for the specified name and module.'.
'Validates the given course_id.
'Test HTML rendering of languages.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Reload a module from the cwd of
'Test that the cosmology is zero.'.
'Postvim messages.'.
'Translates a normal matrix.'.
'Return n random floats.'.
'Create a default mapping for machines.
'Parse a Content-Range header into a list of (unit, ranges).
'Tells CherryPy to generate a tarball.'.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled to start on boot DCNL name DC
'Get new repository.'.
'API: accepts output, value(=priority)'.
'Store the results directory as a tar archive.'.
'Decode a bytestring or unicode string into a modified UTF-8 string.'.
'Initialize test databases.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentList acl object.'.
'Returns the ID of the server that owns the given identity.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Apply the policy for the specified file
'Returns default context as a dict()'.
'Test wcs.wcs with fix arguments.'.
'Test date labels'.
'Adds messages to the context of the logged-in user.'.
'Set the offset by multiplier and offset.'.
'Returns the label of the sentence sentiment.
'Create a new Wsgiserver instance.
'Returns a title from a list of columns.
'Marks a function as decorated with a decorator.
'Run configtest on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Lists all topics.'.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL Args: DCNL url (str):
'Decode bit vector. DCNL Args: DCNL received_bitvec:
'Returns databook from JSON stream.'.
'Create one or more assemblies.'.
'Get the horizontal path.'.
'Create TaskInfo object'.
'Error view should raise an HTTP 400 error.'.
'Returns a list of email addresses for the group.
'Fakes the list of command-line replacement objects.'.
'Munge NZB output into something more serializable.'.
'Create a rectangle. DCNL Parameters DCNL width : int DCNL
'Get the path to the default SSL verification paths.'.
'Return the long description.'.
'Returns the full request URI, as defined by RFC 2965.
'Takes a list of strings and returns a sorted string.'.
'Get file or directory.'.
'Return the degree sequence as a directed graph.
'Get secret from secrets manager.'.
'initialise module'.
'Updates a test block. DCNL :param block: DCNL :param
'Returns the id or key of a list item.'.
'Create an instance of the EZG type and return it.'.
'Returns a FormSet for the given Django model class.'.
'Test gridspec width_ratios option.'.
'Return a pseudobreadcrumbs string from a key.
'Returns a list of files in the given bucket.
'Get single item from a list.
'Save the figure at the given root.'.
'Find a command in the PATH.
'Return True if dirname is a Python package directory.'.
'Return all modules under all importpackages.'.
'Wraps a list of transports to provide a chain of ports DCNL
'Mockes the :class:`~olympia.helpers.helpers.
'Interpret a dictionary as minutes.'.
'Get the summary of a commit.'.
'Ensure we are using Qt.'.
'Get the lock.'.
'Return the difference between two sets of modules.'.
'Get the model matrix.'.
'Unpack a zip file to a directory.
'Returns encryption headers for the given encryption key.'.
'Returns a list of matching files. DCNL :param all_fastq:
'Helper function to look up a model from an "app_label.module_name
'Get adjacency matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'Convert a set of head positions into a set of rotations.'.
'Draw a rectangle around the bounding box.'.
'Creates a fake payment.'.
'Return a new event with the end flag set to None.'.
'Check if GitHub authentication is complete. DCNL Args: DCNL urls:
'Adds default variables and functions to variables and functions.
'Test that is_repo_url can be used in tests.'.
'Setup the arest switch devices.'.
'Config.get_config does not exist'.
'Validates resource_type. DCNL :param retval: DCNL :
'fflayer(tparams, state_ * state_below, options) DCN
'Removes a Postgres database.
'Returns the Fourier transform of ``n`` in ``K[X]`
'Return last modified time of file DCNL :param filename: Path of file DC
'Load the size of a window.
'Check if file is in setup.py cleanup list DCNL :param filename:
'This hook is called when the plugin is shutdown.'.
'Print a warning message and exit.'.
'Returns True if the given string contains only the characters in the DCNL integer value
'Get screen pixel size in pixels.'.
'Parses a replacement hexadecimal escape sequence. DCNL Args: DCNL source
'Apply a function to each element of an index.'.
'Make predictions using atomic estimator DCNL Parameters DCNL estimator : ndarray DCN
'A view that displays the CSRF token.'.
'Split a quadratic bezier segment inside a closed path.'.
'Return the first quotes of the word, or None if the word does not end in
'Connect an action to a function'.
'Validates domain name. DCNL :param string value: DCNL :
'Returns the next k elements of the list ``n`` in ``K[x
'<user> - gets a user by name.'.
'Report all changes made on the server. DCNL :param _cached_tracker
'Computes theobs derivative of the word DCNL Parameters DCNL x
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param sign_
'Returns a list of nodes connected to each other.'.
'Return a pre-escaped version of `text`.'.
'Sign the certificate. DCNL :param csr_der: DCNL :
'Return a list of all public names in l'.
'Takes a string like \'x\' and returns a string like \'x
'Return a list of hosts.
'The main entry point.'.
'Build the arguments to install the package.'.
'Format search results.'.
'Builds the network attach config spec.'.
'Get the absolute path of the sympy library.'.
'Generate the list of library directories and runtime libraries for the given DCNL compiler.
'Get the cache instance.'.
'Return a dictionary describing the given modifiers.'.
'Download a file or a directory from the server.
'Return virtual memory as a namedtuple.'.
'Return an iterator which yields items from the cache that are not in the selector.'.
'Marks a VM in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Validates a password. DCNL :param client: The client context DCN
'Returns True if name1 and name2 overlap.
'Generate a UUID for the given node.
'Convert a range string to a set.'.
'Ensure usage plan with name plan_name does not exist.
'Create the output directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Check if we have the py state implementation.'.
'Returns a :class:` selection` instance.'.
'Handle the sign-in process.'.
'Return the contents of a file as a string.'.
'Return the default entry point for the distribution.'.
'Get all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
' go to url and return url'.
'>>> func3() DCNL enter DCNL exit <code> DC
'Checks if a user exists in MS SQL DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Run HTML Tidy. DCNL Parameters DCNL infile : str DC
'If x is a string, it will be converted to a list of utf-8 strings
'Compile a template string and return the AST.'.
'Test localization of mne_locs files.'.
'Return the path of the preference file.'.
'GZip encoded content.'.
'Gathers the pillar from the master'.
'Read an XML file and return its contents as a unicode string.'.
'Generate a zero-filled random string.'.
'Read `count` bits using the plain encoding.'.
'toggle control register bit'.
'Get event exchange.'.
'Clears old compatversion cache if new compatversion is available.'.
'Run the service at the given target.'.
'Switch from v5 to v5 branch.'.
'Assert that actual and desired units are equal within tolerance.
'Parse the multipath line'.
'A grid with only one colorbar.'.
'Send a tag to a variable DCNL Return a boolean indicating whether the tag was
'Returns the HTML for debug JS files.'.
'Return the system\'s filesystem encoding.'.
' listen for course published signal. DCNL :param course_key: The course
'Register a namespace alias.
'Get new repository.'.
':param split_file: Path to split command. DCNL :param split_
'Returns a list of strings from a JSON encoded string.'.
'Get a dictionary from the registry by its key. DCNL :param key:
'Generate the rst file for the examples.'.
'Returns the URL for the given view name.
'Returns the number of seconds since the epoch in ns.'.
'Test that transforming a frame attribute gives the same result as another frame DCNL
'Reset firewall state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if host is full.'.
'Move a file to a temporary directory.'.
'Convert a polynomial ``f`` to a ``raw_dict``.
'split_string(text, chars_per_string) -> [string] DC
'Generate a list of tuples of shell name and list of completion.'.
'>> clear_db_env <db_env> DCNL Clears the
'Check if the request has an \'embed\' key.'.
'Convert a numpy scalar to FITS format.'.
'Sends a hard link to the currently logged-in user.'.
'Colorize an image. DCNL :param original: DCNL :param
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for all tables in the database.'.
'Send email to user DCNL :param name: Name of email to send DC
'Converts an iso time string to a UNIX timestamp. DCNL :param iso
'Collect JavaScript files for all add-ons. DCNL :param addon_configs
'Set all the WAFunctions from the file system.'.
'Run admin tasks.'.
'Add bandwidth and http and rps limit to bulkloader. DCNL :param
'Copy structure from src to dst DCNL Args: DCNL src (struct
'Parses a server string and returns a tuple of (server_string, port)
'Generate a random password. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Return the nth element of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Compute right decompose of a polynomial in ``K[x]``.
'Set an image Op to run on an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return the position of the after the first occurence of a string DCNL Returns
'Queue email to user when they are logged in. DCNL :param user:
'Returns the recurrence term ``c[i]` in ``f[i]
'Same as shift_time, but returns the same DCNL as shift_time
'Creates a port group in the specified vCenter.'.
'Split a path into its components and the archive path.
'Run all registered exit functions.
'Download and update the pdfjs web page.'.
'Make sure that no data is read from the file.'.
'Returns a list of all configured payment providers.'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Sets the value of a key.
'Returns the score from the local cache. DCNL :param directory: The directory
'Get the triangle mesh for the carving.'.
'Get a fixed ip by its detailed address.'.
'Returns a time in ISO 8601 format.'.
'Returns a color string if no color is specified.'.
'Checks if a slug is valid. DCNL :param allow: DCNL
'Associate fixed ip to instance.'.
'Returns whether the file should be skipped.'.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.
'>>> test_z() DCNL True DCNL >>> test_z
' alter_enum(column, enum_type, nullable=False) DCNL
'Check the proxies to see if we can connect to them. DCNL :param
'Remove the last XML tag from a file.
'Get vector3 path from complex path.'.
'Set the current configuration.
'Register all built-in builder classes from the given module.'.
'Decode the object input and return a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if the given text
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Check if interface is in busy. DCNL.
'Returns True if s is a valid Python identifier.'.
'Encode and sign a pickle. DCNL :param data: DCNL :
'Sends a message to a list of recipient lists.
'Returns True if the first and last character of the word is a single DCNL
'Sanitize filename. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str): The
'Back up the system DCNL :param env: Environment object DCNL :
'List all tables in the given dataset.'.
'Parse the output of the XFS command.'.
'Elementwise vstack. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCN
'Get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory.'.
'A generator that yields tokens from a text stream.'.
'Takes a listing_dict and sets the listing\'s content type, DCN
'Return list of keys in GPG keychain DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Return a string with line ending removed.'.
'Test automatic legend option'.
'Efficiently divide polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'List options.'.
'Validates background color. DCNL :param color: DCNL :return
'Creates a database table for the assessment item.
'Converts a File object to a JSON dictionary.'.
'Adds a profile plugin menu.'.
'Get the dot product between two complexes.'.
'Return a dict of all available sizes on the cloud provider.
'Remove empty line.'.
'Pops the current connection from the stack.'.
'Generate a list of YAML handlers.'.
'Check that the file path of the file is correct. DCNL :param changes
'Retry a function until there\'s a EINTR signal.'.
'Wrapper around obj_weakref.'.
'Returns the items in sequence that are not in reference.'.
'Computes the gradient of a function with respect to z-shared DCNL
'Test dbapi_raw.w_pool.'.
'Collect static files from the app builder static folder.'.
'Check if a conda environment is created. DCNL :param env_name:
'Executes patch module. DCNL :param patchmodule: DCNL :
'Only load ifsvn is installed'.
'Setup the MQTTlock sensor.'.
'Returns the outer product between two arrays.
'Return a string wrapped in whitespace.
'Patch os.environ with values from values.
'Set a callback to be called when the result is ready to read.'.
'Count the number of zero bits in the right hand side.'.
'Elementwise soft-signing. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x:
'Returns the fingerprint of an SSH key.
'Test reading of curv data.'.
'>>> add_func_stats(target, source) DCNL <func
'Run a COW image and wait until image is ready to boot DCNL (
'Return a string representing a tunneled path. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns the humanduration in nanosec.'.
'Migrate the database to `version` or the most recent version.
'Remove any cached views from the cache.'.
'Returns the total size of the backup files for the given service.'.
'Validate a path. DCNL :param path: Path to validate DCNL
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running lanscan.'.
'Yield all top level loops.'.
'Return event list from Consul DCNL :param consul_url: The
'Deserializes a key value from a string.
'Adds a search form to the template context.'.
'Return True if package contains module named module_name'.
':param suite_tag: Tag to run test suite DCNL :param uuid_
'Opportunities edit page'.
'Returns the foreign key to the parent model.
'Normalize path. DCNL :param path: Path to normalize DCNL :
'View the number of changes made in the given configuration.'.
'Convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a numpy array of values.
'Remove port forwarding. DCNL zone: string DCNL zone: string DC
'build simple borderswiping network. DCNL Parameters DCNL size
'Returns a list of parameters in the given object.'.
'Reverses a gcode linear move text.'.
'Returns True if filename does not end with.gz or.bgz'.
'Get an expression by name. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DC
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Prints all arguments to sys.stdout or sys.stderr to the given DCN
'Given a launch configuration name, check to see if the given launch configuration exists.
'Converts a string to a URL-encoded ASCII string.'.
'Extracts the effects from a set of dummy variables, DCNL and returns them
'Converts any value to a bool.'.
'Return a list of allroots DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add outer loop beginning.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns the email of the user.'.
'Convert an IPv4 or IPv6 address to binary form. DCNL.
'Returns True if there are any leading tabs in the leading DCNL line, False
'This function is called when the application is loaded.'.
'Computes correlation between two time series DCNL Parameters DCNL ds1
'Render HJSON data to a Python data structure'.
'Returns the name of a referenced constraint.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL restoring a project from the database
'Returns the first non-whitespace character in the line, or None if there are DC
'Returns a list of start/end reports for the specified subproject.'.
'Start the specified services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a query string and return a Query object. DCNL :param query:
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape Markdown sections. DCNL :param text: Markdown section text to
'Error checking for coordinate pointer objects.'.
'Parse a date string according to HTTP standard. DCNL :param date: The
'Format the url. DCNL :param use_ssl: DCNL :
'Generates a sequence of xs, ps for a model. DCNL Parameters DC
'Returns the path to a new command.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Create a zone from a template DCNL zone : string DCNL name of
'Adds a single role for a group on a domain or project.'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
' apnumber(value) -> int DCNL Converts an integer to an ap
'Returns True if the password has been changed for the specified user.
'Extracts the flowgram ids from a list of labels. DCNL :param
'Updates the cached info cache for the specified instance.'.
'Returns True if the given string is a private attribute.'.
'Run jshint.js.'.
'Copy all folders from source to destination.'.
'Resizes the image. DCNL :param imagepath: The path to the
'Return an auto-proxy for the given token.
'Run function in background thread DCNL :param f: DCNL :return
'Evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval'.
'Compute the arctangent of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of
'Return a list of all available drivers.'.
'Return a pickleable object of the given class.'.
'Compute zeros of integer-order Jn(n, nt) DCNL Parameters
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Create a consumer instance for the request.'.
'Parse privileges string. DCNL :param privs: DCNL :return
'Check for blacklisted repositories. DCNL :param repo: Path of repository DC
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Import a dotted module path and return the class.'.
'Emit a problem submitted event.
'Compute the BMF1 hash of a given mask length. DCNL.
'Returns a date as a natural time string.
'Checks if the result is zero.'.
'Release a serial port on the specified host.'.
'swap the coefficients of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]`
'yaml: sitemonitor DCNL Execute a sitemonitor.
'Update list'.
'Converts a corpus to a Vowels text.'.
'Signal receiver for creating new index.'.
'Convert a human-readable name to a regular expression.'.
'Check for equal-type statements. DCNL Arguments: DCNL logical_
'Setup the Litejet devices.'.
'Sets the cache on the join signal.'.
'Attach total points as a json column to each object of the queryset.
'Add the vertexes.'.
'Get profile data. DCNL :param user: steam user DCNL
'Returns a file-like object for the given fileorpath.
'Compute the derived sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL graph : graph DCN
'usage: DCNL Get a torrent file from a list of tasks DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller.'.
'Sends a notification to all processed messages.
'Checks that allitations in the tool XML are valid. DCNL :param
'If the current request has absolute URLs, replace them with their absolute DCNL URLs
'Converts a null-escaped string to a null-escaped string.'.
'Activate a distribution. DCNL Args: DCNL requirement (str): DC
'Returns True if the given path is a progress element, False otherwise.'.
'Remove a role. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Check if a path is a directory.
'Tell redis to use a new connection.
'Test that all of the streams are properly initialized.'.
'Password reset view.'.
'Convert a freq string to a period number. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns a context manager object that will log the message and start DCNL it.
'Check if group_members_are_ids is disabled in LDAP.'.
'Extract the namespace from an XML tag.'.
'Remove horizontal spacing from the line.'.
'Test rgb color function'.
'Connect to MySQL'.
'Return the path to the CA certs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extract nested case from list of statements.'.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Get callables from a module.
'Return a list of files from the master\'s file loader DCNL CLI Example
'This function can be used for Hypersearch algorithm development.
'Get all subclasses of a class.'.
'Test reading and writing output formats.'.
'Represent a person as a human resource DCNL.
'Return the full module name of a path relative to sys.path.
'Parse a string. DCNL :param use_datetime: DCNL :
'Re-validate the certificate for a particular student.
'Converts a list of names to a DNS representation. DCNL :param x
'Show details about a network.'.
'Returns an empty float.'.
'Compute the L2 projection of ``f``.
'Return the plugin tag name.'.
'Returns current column within a string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Get the certificate from the server at the specified address.
'product(iter_a, iter_b) -> iterator DCNL yielding
':type event: cloudbot.event.Event'.
'Parses a date value. DCNL :param value: The value to parse
'infer(node) -> inferred value DCNL Return the inferred value of the node
'Setup the local switch platform.'.
'Unescape characters in text. DCNL :param text: DCNL :
'Creates an RGB color array with n colors. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Discard the cursor to the end of the line.'.
'Pure implementation of sigsort. DCNL :param l: a list of
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for all indexes.'.
'Get the description of available chats. DCNL.
'Return the absolute path to the given program DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Update gitfs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Marks a user as invited.'.
' schedule_job(name, hours, minutes) DCNL schedule_job(
'Unlock a lock.'.
'Sets options[\'classes\'] to options[\'classes\']'.'.
'Make sure we can run subreddits.'.
'Return True if full path is installed, False if full path is not installed.'.
'Returns the key for a path or stage entry.
'Parses a comment.'.
'Test that an error is raised when the directory cannot be resolved.'.
'Test that all of the built-in exceptions are not part of DCNL builtin
'Test that protocol 0 regression works.'.
'Converts any non-serializable data structure to a JSON-serializable data structure
'Parse an ARXiv URL into its component and id.'.
'Starts an HTTP server on the given port.'.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Format a traceback as a list of lines.
'Check if the recaptcha request contains a valid recaptcha code.'.
'Add a constructor to the loader.'.
'Read an index. DCNL :param f: File-like object to read
'Removes any keys that aren\'t part of the metadata.
'Plot posterior predictive data.'.
'Test getting a version error.'.
'Return size in a human readable form.'.
'Set the vcpu_pid of the process that owns the task DCNL
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Return a formatted representation of an issue.'.
'Authenticate against Red Hat. DCNL :param username: username/password
'Test that we don\'t have an opendocx element.'.
'Returns a list of lines from a string.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
':param mime_type: mime-type string DCNL :param parsed_ranges
'Check to see if the specified service is available.
'Return the episode number of a release in an episode. DCNL :param episode
'Download a file to the S3 object.
'-- Returns a list of loved jobs.'.
'A context manager that copies a file to a temporary file.'.
'Returns a list of the names of periods in the locale.'.
'Disable serializers that are considered to be unsafe.
'Test that attributes can be used in mixin cols.'.
'Generate data. DCNL Parameters DCNL n_samples : int DCN
'Sends a signal that the template can be rendered, and returns the DCNL
'Returns a dictionary of profile image names for the given username. DCNL :param
'Get the distribution description.'.
'List servers for given backend DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert JSON row to list.'.
'Get the first word from the split line.'.
'Given a domain name, check to see if the given domain exists.
'Test that we can read data from a raw BPF file and crop it.'.
'Test number of reads.'.
'Evaluate an expression. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : Expression DCNL
'Return a multivariate polynomial ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'It should call prompt with process_json'.
'Returns a C header guard for the given file name.'.
'Check that arg is a valid type.'.
'Return the main document for the given document.
'Converts a string into a C{C{objickle} object.'.
'Returns True if the URL matches the regex in the request, otherwise False.'.
'Set the global interactive mode.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Print the current thread\'s stack trace.
'Test that require_file can be called from a URL'.
'Convert a list of EmailAddress objects to a set of email addresses.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can operate on
'Set the default group of the current process DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Register several classes. DCNL clsids: list of string DCNL cls
'Ensure the named alias does not exist.
'Creates a new port group.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Displays all review requests.'.
'List all repositories in basedirs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'right is a sibling of left'.
'Write a resource to a plist.'.
'Gather the script that will be used to bootstrap the minion DCNL min
'proxy for ``int_or_true_div``.'.
'Test plotting of epochs images.'.
'Install coverage prerequisites. DCNL :param coverage_req_file:
'Parse an error element and return an instance of DCNL :class:`Stream
'Check for \'assert_true_instance(A)'.
'Test gridspec height_ratios.'.
'Register metadata for all models with the given engine.'.
'Split command line into list of arguments.'.
'Returns the number of intra-community edges in the given graph.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns the app name for the comment app.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Return a copy of a with the specified number of elements repeated.
'Returns an email address. DCNL Args: DCNL invalid (bool):
'Template settings.'.
'Checks if there is a global language file for the given language code.'.
'Tests Galactic\'s representation method.'.
'Change tablespace name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Get the uptime information about the specified hypervisor.'.
'Test creating chart data source from lists andkw.'.
'Returns True if docstrings_disabled is enabled.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Copy files modified by the application to the lib directories.'.
'Pause the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Configures the database.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Scan the default storage repository.'.
'Get a single release by ID.
'Open a file and return a unicode string.'.
'Returns a list of all processes that have a given pid.
'Generate unique filename for uploaded photo.'.
'Return HTML as a string.'.
'Make the first column of a table text.'.
'Check to see if pyenv is installed.'.
'Return True iff any of the given operators are supported by DCNL the GPU
'Return True if all ancestors of a page are published in a given language.'.
'creates a new button.'.
'Generate a unique event ID.
'Parse a pkginfo line into a pkginfo object.'.
':type venv_dir: str DCNL :type base_url: str DC
'Assert that the value of the given attribute is True.'.
'cc_config section.'.
'Generate a template from the given node.
'Converts a module namespace to a Python dictionary.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Write a single key/value pair
'Convert an index object to a native array.'.
'FileNames should be displayed.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Merge a mapping from request_setting to session_setting.
'Returns the rank of the sparse SV matrix at least t.'.
'Get the current context if any.'.
'Evaluates the hyperbolic cosine of an interval'.
'Set SNMP community string DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Makes a map from case ids to lists of case ids.'.
'Return a specific tenant (keystone tenant-get) DCNL CLI Examples:
'Returns True if the mobile is available for the given descriptor.'.
'Generate a Python source file from a list of source files.'.
'S3Request handler DCNL :param error: DCNL :param error
'Returns the value of the first option in the browser.'.
'Get the entry_info for a package in a distribution DCNL CLI Example:
'Get the description for carve.'.
'Return a query for all activities about a user'.
'Takes a list of ids and returns a list of documents.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get the value of the setting for the provided class.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Asserts that two dicts are equalignoring ordering.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Marks the specified path as offline DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dict of all available virtual packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Sendmonthly report'.
'Computes the cumulative mean of a series of non-zeros. DCNL
'Sends a message on a fanout topic.'.
'Syncs the local database with the remote database.'.
'Remove the queue logging handler from the root logger.'.
' urlquote(string, charset=\') --> \'string\', \'
'Get power. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Logistic gradient at index i. DCNL Parameters DCNL x_i
'Get information about a blob.
'Get a group type by name.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket
':param exc: DBUS exception DCNL :param args: DCNL :
'Setup the fast link program builder.'.
'Returns true if the given HTTP Header Dict is a websocket.'.
'Perform an SVM record lookup. DCNL.
'Check that GeoServer is up.'.
'Convert a keytext string to a KeyInfo object.
'Set the given properties on a fixed ip and update it.
'Return the fully qualified name of an object.'.
'Get the function to install the epoll() reactor on the platform.'.
'Removes the task app from the project directory.'.
'Build wininst from wheel.'.
'Builds the Property Spec.'.
'It does upgrade dependencies when no longer satisfies the requirements.'.
'If we have a path to a handler, return the handler\'s handler\'s
'Return the status for a specific host/port DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Remove a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get an image member from the database.'.
'Make sure we don\'t try to use a user-defined user DCNL
'Skip a test if we are running under PyPyy.'.
'Refresh the grains from the proxied device.'.
'round a number to a precision'.
'Get the OS name.'.
'Only load if tunedadm is available'.
'Set \'restart_mode\' in restart_file'.
'Sample from a batch of ground truth vectors.
'Escapes a string for use in a Python shell.'.
'Return a string representation of the given exception.'.
'Returns the number of themes that are available or not.'.
'Create a new argb with args and kwargs and return a new argb.'.
'Get the password from the terminal.'.
'Set the given properties on an instance and update it.
'C header'.
'Returns a connection object to all available regions.
'Returns True if external plugins are available.'.
'Finds the nearest student within a midpoint. DCNL Args: DCN
'Return the name of the Freeem. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Check the usage of the given module.'.
'Pads tableau according to pivot_row'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Translates a list of masks to an operator.or.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when masked sizes are not DCNL valid.
'Process hourly traffic logs.'.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'copyright\' in builtins.
'Blink current branch. DCNL Blinkes current branch. DCNL
'Returns the value of a placeholder setting.
'User-choose mailing lists. DCNL :param auth: auth object DC
'Compute the PCA projection. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : float DC
'The main function'.
'Yield all possible actions.'.
'Returns a deprecation docstring.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Split an entry into (d, t, e, p)'.
'Save the load to the specified jid'.
'Display the current celery settings.'.
':param book_id: The ID of the book DCNL :param rd:
'Convert a string to a number.'.
'The main function. DCNL :param description: DCNL :param project
'Check the current usage of each mount DCNL :param config: DCNL
'find_degree(M, deg_f) -> int DCNL Finds
'Check if Mercurial is installed.'.
'Return a JSON-compatible representation of the given object.'.
'Takes a list of strings and returns a list of strings, DCNL with
'Clean up a process by PID.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Initialize OVSDB handler'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if a user exists
'Set the current time DCNL :param time: DCNL :param time
'Normalizes string, converts to lowercase, removes non-alpha characters, DCNL
'Reset keyboard shortcuts.'.
'Returns True if the app is currently active.'.
'Returns a (host, port) tuple for the given node.'.
'Run commands and return a subprocess object.
'Create a new branch.
'Convert a path to a relative path.'.
'Uncache the zip directory for the given path.'.
' mod_aggregate( low, chunks, running) DCNL mod_aggregate(
'Converts a WOTAN tag string into a (token, tag) pair.
'Normalizes batch in training mode. DCNL Args: DCNL x:
'Returns a label for a field.
'Document add to preselected folder'.
'Get system information.'.
'Get equation for polar zimuth.'.
'Test that `argparser.type_conv` works with str type'.
'Returns a list of views from a list of urlpatterns. DCNL Each object in
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get a list of resources sorted by attribute.'.
'Adds a push attribute to the current context.'.
'Return True iff is a literal float, False otherwise.'.
'Generate a random string. DCNL Args: DCNL l: list of
'Convert all keys and values of a dict to unicode strings.'.
'statements : statement'.
'Account delete'.
'Setup the Rnet devices.'.
'Returns True if provided ip is an IPv6 address.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns a string representation of the expression.'.
'Test that the data is serialized correctly.'.
'Makes a naive datetime in the given time zone aware.
'Return the full request URI.
'Compute the partition entropy of a tensor along all partitions.
'Compute minimum of node n in nodes_explored.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Apply a palette to an image.
'A context manager that attempts to set the effective uid on the current DCNL process
'Get vmstat information.'.
'Migrate data directories.'.
'Loads a dataset from a YAML string.
'Parse an XML file.'.
'Decode a string into a tuple.'.
'Make a remote method. DCNL Args: DCNL request_type:
'Looks to see if apcaccess is present on the system'.
'Calculates torrent hash for given torrent link. DCNL :param link:
'Remove a file from the filesystem.'.
'Get round-tripping radius.'.
'Helper function for _sas.'.
'Get information about the account DCNL :param env: Environment DCNL :
'Returns a string representation of the controlamp.'.
'Prints a message to stderr.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Computes the fraction decomposition of an expression.
'Get the MAKEOPTS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return None if
'Copy a directory from source to destination DCNL Args: DCNL src:
'Returns allreservations for the given resources.
'Only load this module if the monit module is available on the system'.
'Converts an image to a numpy array.
'Returns an iterator over all indices of the given shape.'.
'Returns True if *text* is a plural pattern.'.
'Return the name of a state name. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Configure the default inline support for the given backend.
'yaml: string DCNL A string metadata.
'Setup logging.'.
'Test subpixel computation with gaussian 1D model.'.
'Wrapper around fopen that only works on Python 2.
'Returns true if the object is a class'.
'Handle backup complete. DCNL :param mapreduce_state: mapreduce_state.
'>>> b(attr) DCNL >>> b(attr) DCNL
'Simple test showing how to create a PDF from a string.'.
'Create a notification with the specified parameters. DCNL Args: DCNL description
'Clean up metric data.'.
'Returns True if the file exists in the given package, False otherwise.'.
'Copy attributes from old_node to new_node.
'Plot evoked data.'.
'Returns a dictionary containing the hash data.'.
'Compute the zeros of the Campos model.
'Convert text into a numeric value. DCNL :param text: The text to
'Initializes the global configuration object.'.
'toggle options.'.
'Returns the total memory usage of the current process.'.
'Returns an iterator over the product of *iter* DCNL of *iter*
'Get equated paths.'.
'HTMLunescape a string. DCNL >>> htmlunescape(\'http://
'Set all required fields to zero- mutable DCNL :param pkt: Packet instance
'Add external account to user'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL
'Return a list of all mailcap files.'.
'Generate a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) pairs.'.
'Executes a convergence DCNL :param service: Service instance DCNL
'yaml: job-log-logger DCNL Execute a job log.
'Check all checks on an estimator.
'Login using SSL credentials.'.
'Returns the argument unchanged.'.
'Returns a dictionary with user profile details.'.
'Get the version from a Python file.'.
'Check to see if we have enough available SELinux files.'.
'Unittest suite'.
'Makes a response for the given generator with the given format and encoding.'.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier'.
'Map volume to single host.'.
'Returns the unicode representation of the given value.'.
'traverse a generic generic node tree. DCNL :param start_node:
'Write a GIFAR file. DCNL Parameters DCNL fp : file
'Returns the numeric part of a string, or None if the string contains DCNL
'get_property(obj, name, old_name, default) DCNL
'Add a closed xml tag.'.
'Return a dict containing information about the virtual machine DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Encode a dictionary as a Content-Type header.'.
'optstep : step_list DCNL | step_list DCNL |
'Check that we get the same result as DCNL ``datetime.timedelta``
'Returns a date range in days from start to end DCNL >>> date_range
'Returns a dict mapping each label to the number of sequences in the fasta file DCN
'Encode a X509 Name object.'.
'Forces a service to be force-down.'.
'Find an object in the given namespaces, or return it if it does not exist.
'Get partitions of a disk. DCNL :param diskpath: DCNL
'Returns the value of a "category" label.
'Convert integer n into a string. DCNL :param n: integer to be
'Converts a list of :class:`~astropy.io.vot
'Bern way to sample samples. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : str
'Setup the Telldus live component.'.
'Setup logging for Netlog.'.
'A simple nested view'.
'Generate a category. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCNL
'Create a new local dictionary. DCNL Args: DCNL _local_
'Compute covariance matrix. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of xs
'Test uninstalling an editable package.'.
'permute(l) -> list DCNL permute(l) -> list
'TODO docs.'.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Method to decode streams using the jbig2 standard. DCNL.
'Returns a cache key for an account/container pair.
'If the two arguments are equal, returns a boolean indicating if they DCNL are
'Decorator to mark a function as delaydenial DCNL :param func: Function
'Updates the device. DCNL :param client: The client object to update.
'Computes a rectangle along the x and y axes. DCNL Parameters DC
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Get the details of an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check that pytpm gives the same result as Barycentricts DCN
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Returns a task flow to process a task DCNL :param task_id:
'Get the number of hosts.
'Convert a string to a translated field value.'.
'Computes the softmax of a probability distribution.
'Register a language-specific role.
':param command: The command to execute DCNL :param log_command_filter
'Create a vlan interface.'.
'Returns information about a course enrollment. DCNL :param course_id: The
'Returns a URL for the given endpoint.'.
'Select command.'.
'Test creating a new bundle.'.
'Returns a string with all possible translation patterns.'.
'Return a list of all the modules that are part of the given factory.'.
'Encode unicode to utf8'.
'Returns True if expr is a function-line variable.'.
':param _request_id: The ID of the request DCNL :param _
'Return application instance'.
'List event source mapping details. DCNL :param client: AWS API client DC
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a specific service certificate
'Returns True if the operation was completed successfully.'.
'Test logout.'.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 signature for the given secret.'.
'Extracts the data into a tar file.
'Get the line number of the node.'.
'Converts \'level\' to \'mlevel\'.'.
'Emit post save event for new user.'.
'Pack message into request and response. DCNL Args: DCNL operation (
'Get the evaluated expression value.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the virtual keyboard layout on the
'Create a DataFrame containing the total ratio and total DCNL :param head_res
'Returns True if all elements of `inlist` are equal to `item`'.
'Returns True if the value is greater than or equal to the arg.'.
'Return True if the target is newer than the source.'.
'Get all instances belonging to a host and node.'.
'Migrate site configuration settings to the default settings.'.
'Signs the provided string with the private key.
'Computes the Levenshtein ratio between strings s1 and s2.
'Waits for VBL to finish.'.
'Computes the fingerprint of a set of files DCNL :param path_
'Return the path of the device.'.
'Returns a sorted list of tasks by their name.
'Determine if a field is solenoidal.
'SaleSource edit'.
'Parses target URL. DCNL.
'Get current auth settings DCNL :param mezzanine_config: DC
'Set up the console logger.
'Try to get url from url name.'.
'Send a beacon event to the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns True if `source` is a flat list, False otherwise.'.
'Get the details of an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the time zone that is active in this thread.'.
'Checks whether user can add translation.'.
'Test pydotprint profile.'.
'Convert a Numba type to an integer.'.
'Takes a list of results and sorts them in ascending order.'.
'Helper function to calculate clickthrough rate. DCNL Args: DCNL imp
'Wait for a snapshot to become available.
'Test the equality of two complexes.'.
'Checks whether DNS support is supported on the given bucket host.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.'.
'Stop logging for a trail DCNL Returns {deleted: true} if the trail
'Return etc_hosts information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return a copy of the string without any tags.'.
'Flags an object. DCNL Args: DCNL slug (str): The
'Rescan if there are any blocks that aren\'t empty.'.
':param string content: DCNL :param string response_format: DCNL
'Set the given properties on an computeNode and update it.
'Check that the user can access the group. DCNL :param id: the
'Main program.'.
'Converts a string to a Unicode string.
'Create a new scratch view with the specified text.'.
'allocate_address() should raise an exception when no free address is available'.
'If the last query duration is less than lowerstdlimit, it will DCNL
'Create a new W2P application.
'Find occurrences of pattern in text.'.
'Return the user that owns the system.'.
'Get the last path component of a string.'.
'Awards a badge to the user if it\'s not already set.'.
'A wrapper around :class:`AuthomaticInstance.access`.'.
'Return system information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Enable a service.'.
'Returns the name of a model field.'.
'Skip a fixed64 value.
'Add a new request to the queue.'.
'Returns target_dicts with settings from the clon configuration plugin.'.
'Validate a list of tokens. DCNL :param tokens: DCNL :
'Check for "no_log_warn". DCNL :param logical_line
'Returns the e-mail address from the user\'s ID.'.
'Read 32bit integer from bti file.'.
'Check if we are running in Travis.
'Report a warning about a deprecated worker module.
'Returns the HTML fragment as a string.
'Decode a string. DCNL :param txt: The string to decode DCN
'Get a bucket by ID or raise exception if it does not exist.'.
'List all available package upgrades DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generates a ctypes function that returns a double value.'.
'Returns the total seconds of a timedelta object.
'List instance profiles starting at the optional path.
'Returns a symbolic constant variable.
'Send opt-in email. DCNL :param msg_hash: opt-
'Returns an iterator over all elements of `obj` that are part of ` nodename
'Redirect to create page.'.
'Returns the string at *ptr* with the given size.'.
'Lists all roles for a user DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL.
'Returns a list of words separated by a single space.'.
'Test reading raw edf data.'.
'Clears all artifacts for the given version.'.
'Same as _broadcast_axis, but returns a/b if both are equal.
'Setup the NetAtmo camera platform.'.
'Run post-delete page checker after application-urls has been changed.'.
':param messages: DCNL :type messages: list[str] DCNL
'Converts a scalar to a numpy array.
'Prints a warning message to the user.'.
'Setup the test database.'.
'This is a generator function which polls all of the popens, DCNL
'Returns the name of the new state file for the given zone.'.
'Encrypts in_stream and writes the output to out_stream.
'Return a dictionary describing a revision.
'Load a module. DCNL :param module_name: The name of the
'Tests that we can access a single M2M using the API.'.
'Makes a lex structure from a list of symbols.'.
'<string> -- gets a new egg name for <string>.'.
'Updates a location tree DCNL :param feature: DCNL :param user
'Log information about the current stack trace.
'Load a Python module from a file.
'Returns a bytestring version of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'
'Returns True if hashed_passphrase matches passphrase DCNL hashed_passphrase:
'Get all meta schema names.'.
'Generate a certificate. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Get auth from url. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param
'Changes the encryption key for a blob.'.
'Loads a list of bundles.'.
'Print a list of objects'.
'This function is called when the plugin is loaded.'.
'Deletes a topic.'.
'Install the Jupyter extension.'.
'Returns a list of all clique nodes connected to the given graph. DCNL
'Return the matrix representation of the Hubolmogorov matrix.
'Run a WSGI-function with a server instance.'.
'Load all registered account types.'.
'Get masked string. DCNL Parameters DCNL s : str DCNL
'Yields tuples of (line, column) and (line, col) for each
':param encoded_data: DCNL :param key: DCNL :param
'Iterate over all tests.'.
'Clears a specific feature.
'Returns a list of valid queue names.
'Parse the first YAML document in a stream DCNL and produce the corresponding Python object
'Delete unjustified issues.'.
'Return the path to the Python inc file.'.
'initializer : initializer_list'.
'A decorator to catch the database error and save it to the hist file DCNL
'Clears the cache.'.
'Remove a server from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Download the contents of a URL to a local file. DCNL :param url
'Return arg stripped and stripped default value.'.
'Deletes the specified port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.'.
'Read ext pillar data and return it DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Return True if the given module can be imported.'.
'Scans through the system and returns a list of strings.'.
'Returns true if the current line is the first line of the file. DCNL
'Tries to find the differences between two files.
'Print the current line number.'.
'Convert the format string to ASCII format.
'Extract name variation from name dictionary.'.
'Flip coin flip. DCNL Example: DCNL >>> coin_ flip
'Returns the date of the message as a UTC timestamp. DCNL :param content
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if pkgin is
'Close the connection to the server'.
'Returns a list of combined keywords from split_text.'.
'[series] - gets last episode of [series] DCNL :param text:
'Check if file exists.'.
'Returns columns based on filters'.
'Ensure that the named service is disabled.
'Return information about the installed versions of Python DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Clean up test files.'.
'Returns a string containing the output of captured_stdout.'.
'Returns True if the object is a bucket, False otherwise.'.
'Run statement under profile.
'Translates a locale name to a language name.'.
'Invalidate star import cache module. DCNL Args: DCNL module (
'Convert an IRI to a URI.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'make_test_rc runs all tests in the production.'.
'Get events for a stack.'.
'Returns the IP of the current network'.
'Serialize an object to a pickled string.
'Returns True if all apps are configured in settings. lettuce_apps.'.
'Convert a URL to a byte string.
'Truncates a string. DCNL :param title: DCNL :param
'Find a missing edge in a graph.
'Creates a discrete sum of a discrete distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL num
'Scan a postfix submission line.'.
':param backend: django.contrib.auth.Auth backend DCNL :param uid
'Register routes in the given application.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Given a BGP path object, return a map of attribute names to DCNL
'Remove a repo from the database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a tuple of key/value pairs sorted by log level.'.
'Simple function to check if we are running on SmartOS'.
'Returns True if the given app name is currently installed.'.
'Get a distribution object from a string or requirement object'.
'Return True if the path is a mount point, False otherwise.'.
'Remove an existing site.
'Parse the state value from the request.'.
'List all available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the given path should be included with any of the include patterns.'.
'Remove a package if it isn\'t already installed.'.
'List volumes belonging to a particular blockdevice. DCNL :param blockdevice
'Validates that all items of ` iterables` are in `fields` DCNL
'Log out the user to the log file.'.
'Return command to run on this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Read a chunk of text from a file object. DCNL :param fp:
'This function takes a fasta file and returns a list of chimeraas DCN
'Checks if the reference to the logical volume is valid.'.
'Get summary of exit survey results.'.
'Given a code, returns a tuple (code, name, value) DCNL
'Encode the object input and return a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Return True if path is a directory that is a directory that isinstallable.
'Returns a set of the names of all available distributions DCNL :param flock
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Unbans a user from the
'get_single(name, url, module, required, getter) DCNL
'Get cubic path by begin and end.'.
'Get loop Lift candidates.'.
'Return a filedescriptor from a file like object.'.
'Get the creation date of an account policy.
'Returns True if the currently logged-in user has a global language set.'.
'Test overlap_slices with different mode.'.
'Make sure the text is present in the HTML output.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the keyring service.
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'[user] - gets a user\'s poll'.
'add a friends to the user DCNL :param username: DCNL :
'Restores the value of a single integer flag.
'Test that the history is completely empty.'.
'Returns a list of members of a group.'.
'Return a form field for a formset.
'Get user from bootinfo'.
'Returns a set of LUN IDs used by LUNs based on mapping data.
'Returns the strategy to use for sharing files.'.
'Compute polynomial division in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL distfn
'Get the current git timestamp.
'Expands hierarchy metadata. DCNL Args: DCNL metadata (dict):
'Helper to create a Variable with a weight decay.
'Get monit status. DCNL :param summary: monit summary DCN
'Initialize the database.'.
'Displays a status flag. DCNL Args: DCNL addon: The
'Sends a message to a recipient list.
'Read a list of unique iface names from the template.'.
'Asserts the output of the element with the given text matches the DCNL path
'Error handler for missing docutils page.'.
'Starts a tracemalloc process and dumps the data into a file.'.
'A function to grant a privilege to a database. DCNL :param database:
'Enable or disable status bar. DCNL.
'Send compute.instance.update notification to indicate that DCNL an instance has been
'Find domain configuration files.'.
'statement : statement'.
'Create a thread. DCNL Args: DCNL request: The request context
'Returns the best available language for the given request.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return a list of (name, value) pairs from a list of dicts DCN
'Only load if requests is installed'.
'Generate the index page. DCNL :param index_fp: open file for
'Returns the number of votes for an object.'.
'Bind a floating IP to a device.
'Initialize the ansible instance on the local'.
'Assert that the Wolfe coefficients are equal to DCNL the expected value of
'Return a pair of x,y,x,y,x,y,z
' scenario.outlines should ignore comments on examples'.
'Move up or down the stack.'.
'Create a new class. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str):
'Build a suite for all tests.'.
'Returns a unique id for a minion.'.
'Convert a list of name-value-list into a dictionary. DCNL :
'Return the path to the Unix-like socket.'.
'Return a clean environment.
'Create a :class:`ZFSStoragePool` instance.'.
'Get the string from the buffer starting at start_idx.'.
'Return a random id. DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int DCN
'Element-wise minimum. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor
'Apply a function to an expression.
'Get the currently active request.'.
'The main function.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'This is a helper function that will be called by the auth_tool DCNL
'Generate a random coincidence matrix. DCNL :param ncoinc:
'Puts thread to sleep for sleep_time seconds DCNL :param sleep_
'Submits a task to exportora2 data for the specified course.
'A view that handles the login and complete view.'.
'Return the shape of a block of values.
'Parse a single line. DCNL Args: DCNL line (str):
'Returns a shared array object.
'Write a string tag.'.
'Batched INSERT statements.'.
'Solve a pair of 3D points.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the apply applied state.
'Prints the response body to stdout.'.
'Removes a tenant from the flavor access list.'.
'hide_me( tb) -> traceback DCNL hide_me( tb)
'Validate the configuration and return an ASUS-WRT scanner.'.
'List of themes.'.
'Generate random samples.'.
'Parse a patch message. DCNL :param encoding: DCNL :param
'Evaluates the model.'.
'Extract all time stamps from a string. DCNL :param results_string
'Get neighbor neighbor configuration for given ip address.'.
'Adds a new edit resource for the current theme.
'Returns a list of (i, o) tuples.
'Return True if text has mixed EOL characters.'.
'Get a parameter value. DCNL Args: DCNL req (request):
'Return all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed.'.
'Insert twist portions.'.
'Test that a random number generator works as expected'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid global'.
'Return polynomial of degree ``n` in ``x``.
'Return a list of active shells DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that b access logs are correctly encoded.'.
'Print connections between switches DCNL :param switches: List of switches DCNL
'Lock the password for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make sure lib64 is installed under lib_dir.
'Get rectangular grid.'.
'Convert a file to a new format.
'Iterate over all modules in a package.'.
'Get an integer property.
'Get template definition. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
':param mode: DCNL :param text: DCNL :param text:
'Return volume by name or None'.
'Run the main application.
'Uninstall one or several pecl extensions.
'Set the resolver to use by default.'.
'check to see if value is a comma-separated list'.
'Return a list of cpus in online memory.'.
'Set __file__ attribute to the absolute path of all modules.'.
'preorder a list. DCNL :param node: DCNL :return
'Split a string into (start, end) and (del_start, del_
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
'Create a small push directory.'.
'Returns a random color tuple.
'Get the ID of a Cloudservers image'.
'Get a sharder from an instance of a weatherlocation. DCNL :param
'Encode a JOSE certificate. DCNL :param cert: The certificate to
'Map view. DCNL :param mapid: The map identifier. DCN
'Unittest runner'.
'Logs the user in.'.
'Create a Nginx configuration object.'.
'Returns a boolean array of the elements in *values* that are not equal.'.
'Compute the L2 norm of a flattened array.
'Wait for a path to become available and fail if it does not exist.'.
'Get the default secret key.'.
'Returns the validation set and the new validation set from the DCNL training set.
'Parse a template from a string.
'List all documents tags.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous DCNL type'.
'Sends a robots.txt file to the user\'s home page.
'Set the *x* axis label of the current axis.
'if statement : if statement'.
'Computes the standard deviation of the given list of values.
'Test that you can read a poudriere media from a poudriere
'Check the output of a tool. DCNL :param tool_xml: The
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns expr with expr replaced with random symbols DCNL Parameters DCNL symbols :
'Scan through all used functions in a gallery and return a set of backref DCN
'Get the ssh configuration for the specified host.
'Shows the about page.'.
'Check that all attributes that are not part of the extension are present.'.
'Remove one or more packages.
'Return locale information'.
'Add an image element to the document body.'.
'Clears thefacade database environment.'.
'Checks whether user can change dictionary.'.
'Makes a clip symmetric. DCNL :param clip: DCNL :
'Cleans up the database content. DCNL :rtype: dict'.
'A pre-hook for the base class.'.
'Parses a string and returns a datetime.date object.'.
'Format the output of a master command.'.
'Test plotting dipole locations.'.
'Train the model. DCNL Parameters DCNL total_loss : int DC
'Add candidate tracks to results.'.
'command : dim'.
'Given a list of matches, build a list of suggestions for those DCNL matching
'Read a requirements file and return a list of requirements DCNL :param path:
'Add a query manager for a timeframed model.
'Get all packages.'.
'Generate rules config file.'.
'Fixture to delete a pattern from the cache.'.
'Run pylint.'.
'Execute a command on a container and preserve state DCNL preserve_state DCN
'Read a file and return its contents'.
'Create an X509 object and return a tuple of DCNL (pubkey,
'Returns the current git revision.'.
'Returns the content of a file.
'Return the script to run for this VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get a list of zones from the WMST dataset.'.
'Check if file is blacklisted. DCNL :param path: Path to check
'Prints query results to the terminal.'.
'Converts a single character to a special symbol.'.
'Returns a string containing the name of the exclude file.'.
'Returns the URL for the resource provider.'.
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the line number of the current line.'.
'Get all indices for the application.
'Test that you can change the parameters of a symmetrical log locator.'.
'rec_test(sequence, test_func) -> iterator DCNL Recursively
'Run a WSGI-compatible function.
'Normalize GCE facts.'.
'read one unit at a time'.
'Given a valid config, create a topic rule.
'This runs all of the things that need to be done, such as DCNL
'Split a list of issues into a list of pull requests and a list of issues.
'evaluate_standard(op, a, b) DCNL Evaluates the
'Get the value of the given constant.'.
'Test Pootle quality check.'.
'Get the complex polygon with start and end angle.'.
'Return information about the current reg DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Adds a task to the queue.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Returns True if `obj` is a scalar.'.
'Plot cost figure.'.
':param exc_info: DCNL :param traceback: DCNL :param
'Re-block 2x2 block matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL b
'Test skip and wait_for.'.
'Ensure that the store is not created with a bad source language code.'.
'Check the cache and update the cached values.'.
'Test freezing an editable package.'.
'A custom pre-save signal handler which adds count and weight to the list.'.
' setattr(obj, name, value) DCNL If the object does not have
'Set an integer color. DCNL Parameters DCNL index : int DCN
' top_down(rule, fns) -> expr DCNL Apply the rule
'Check the server\'s status. DCNL :param host: DCNL
'Returns True if ch is a character that is in ws, else False.'.
'Parse a text and return a set of (word, word) synonyms.'.
'Elementwise elementwise elementwise elementwise elementwise elementwise elementwise DCNL
'Test the sextractor output with last column array'.
'Return the last access time of a file DCNL :param path: Path to
'Parse the output of an ipmi command.'.
'Return the S3A access key for this VM DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Make sure the other is an i8 DatetimeIndex or Index object.'.
'Show standard icons.'.
'List all topics. DCNL Args: DCNL max_results: The
'Convert output from cmd-line to list.'.
'List the files that belong to one or more packages.
'Loads a stored item from the cache.'.
'Build all resources.'.
'<user> - gets a user from soundcloud.'.
'Default 404 handler. DCNL :param response: DCNL :param request
'Deletes the specified IPsecPolicy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h)'.
'Draws landmarks on an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL im :
'Return data to a MySQL server'.
'Return a list of all loaded providers DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Assert that the link to the navigation help element is correct.'.
'Fake version of os.open.'.
'Returns a random sentence of specified length.'.
'Test creating chart data source from dictionary.'.
'toggle control register bit'.
'Returns a list of Eegels.'.
'Get the configured router.'.
'Compute square-free part of ``f``.
'Element-wise ceil function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL WRITEME
'Return True if the object is writable, False otherwise.'.
'Generate a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) pairs.'.
'Returns True if the provided string is a valid IPv4 address.'.
'Write a gcode file.'.
'Returns a string representation of the given object.'.
'Create a new scratch buffer.'.
'Return first n items of sequence `seq`.'.
'Return an empty coverage environment.'.
'Returns True if the value is within the range [min_value, max_value
'Run link limit test DCNL :param bw: DCNL :param cpu
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Returns the full version string of dpkg-deb.'.
'Test chart classes'.
'Fetch daylight hours. DCNL :type lat: datetime DCNL :
'Find and return a track object for the given ID.'.
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for vagrant installed'.
'Returns a time- mirror of the current time. DCNL :param self:
'Return a range of length n, e.g.
'Return a path that does not exist on the system.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL the template
'Finds variable not found. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str
'Renders Markdown text. DCNL :param markdown_text_text:
'Converts a naive datetime to a timezone aware datetime.
'Parse a string according to the Onblog 8-bit date format'.
'Helper function to run pshell commands. DCNL :param cmd: pshell
'Ensures that the last line of the name does not end with DCNL
'Replaces control characters with XML-safe equivalents.'.
'Make validation result. DCNL Args: DCNL data: The JSON object
'Get an instrument by id.
'Kill all the running containers. DCNL :param manager: ContainerManager instance DC
'convert_fontsize(length, unit, [base_font_size]) ->
'Tests that the heliocentric heliocentric heliocent
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Split the full version ID into server and version.'.
'Clean up the database. DCNL :param db_name: The name of
' cmre-establishment REQUEST Section 9.2.11'.
'Create a L1 sensor.'.
'Makes a list of choices from choices. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Get an instance of the rest api client.
'Converts a mapping from email addresses to the canonical email address.'.
'Initialize the resource manager.'.
'Returns True if the label_flags has a level label with the given DCNL
'Create an image from a set of files.'.
'Verifies that the specified user has the specified cleartext password, DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Output the given text with the given dash.'.
'Get the current language of the current thread.'.
'Escapes a string for use in an LDAP URL.'.
'Watch a locale. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :
'Get the ros home directory.
'Test updating unit order.'.
'Helper function to check the status of a service DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'A simple view that returns a list of strings.'.
'Returns a Unicode string representation of the value.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Returns the path of the first matching
'Run a list of commands in parallel and return a list of exit status DCNL
'support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs'.
'Takes a list of complex poles and sorts them in ascending order.
'Pads string length to block_size.'.
'Return True if the path is a physical device.'.
'Returns the skewness of the given list of values.
'Returns a valid path to the working directory.'.
'Convert a slice to a string.'.
'Test category links plugin show_all.'.
'Convert an IP address to a bracket.'.
'Return a list of all volumes that are bootable on the specified server.
'Return a symbolic column.
'Send autostart script to autostart DCNL Args: DCNL
'Convert from mass temperature to temperature in degrees.'.
'Read in the configuration file and build a dictionary of parameters.'.
'Generate a random split of features.'.
'Generate list of related topics for each subtopic.'.
'Check number of fields returned by search.'.
'Expands dimension links. DCNL :param metadata: DCNL :param
'A list of operators.'.
'Extract error information from bootstrap log. DCNL Args: DCNL fs:
'base64 encodes a string DCNL :param instr: DCNL :return
'Event: list member added'.
'Test that hide-supptokenization works as expected'.
'Upload a file to an address DCNL :param address: DCNL :
'Check that the separation between two points is correct.'.
'Creates a new HTTP request.
'Clears the database after each scenario.'.
'Moves the first n items of an iterator.'.
'Get the global Galaxy configuration.'.
'Test roundtriping of images.'.
'Reboots the server. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check to see if the given name
'Create an elementtree from bytes or file-like object.'.
'Validates that the provided throttle is a dictionary. DCNL Args: DCN
'Tries to format the given parameters and returns the status line DCNL of the
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect, depending on DCNL
'Setup the Tells component.'.
'Create a backup.'.
'Get the arc distance.'.
'Fetches the image for the specified project.'.
'Wrapper around os. popen.'.
'Get the default values of the object.
'Gets a list of exploration summaries from a list of domain models.'.
'Creates a client for working with cloud resource servers.'.
'Prints astropy.astropy.astropy.astropy.astropy.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type container_id: str DCN
'Serialize object to JSON string.'.
'Convert mode to \'ndimage\' mode.'.
'Write a diff between two Tree objects DCNL :param f: File-like
'>>> to_bytestring_tuple([\'a\', \'b\
'Converts a tensor or variable to a softmax.
'Returns True if we are allowed to use a comma in the private key file path.
'Check for missing generic folders.'.
'Create an XML stream for a component.'.
'Encode a single key/value pair. DCNL Args: DCNL name
'Get statistics about the system.
'Updatesfollower. DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :
'Converts a list of key-value-pairs into a dictionary. DCNL
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Computes the gradient of two random variables using sharedX.'.
'Fast FASTQ to FASTQ conversion (PRIVATE).'.
'Update metadata for question DCNL.
':param http_response: http_response object DCNL :param prepend: DC
'Returns a tuple of v4 and v6 addresses.'.
'Parse an HTML page DCNL :param page: DCNL :return:
'Create a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Return absolute path. DCNL :param path: DCNL :param relative
'Check if any module not found in sys.exc_info DCNL :param
'Assert that a list of TPs does not overlap.'.
'Convert a fit parameter dictionary to a model\'s parameters.'.
'Ticket edit page'.
'analyze a list of generators and return the result as a tuple.'.
'Clear the template info cache.'.
'Convenience implementation for match operations.'.
'Test find_eog.'.
'Return a list of all fonts in the specified font directory.
'Summarize a set of items.
'The main function.'.
'Solve real and complex polynomials. DCNL :param eps: relative precision
'Set the factory for log records.'.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Computes the relative distance between two strings.
'Test that \'value\' is a scalar.'.
'Convert from Topo radius to sphere. DCNL Parameters DCNL theta :
'Takes a string like \'t\' and returns a string like \'d
'Get a lexer for the given mime type.'.
'Move forward one character.'.
'Returns a default initializer for the linear module.'.
'Skip the test if any of the given commands exist.'.
'Computes the gradient of the expected energy.
'Parse a string and return a datetime object.'.
'Test whether the input is finite.'.
'Unzip an archive. DCNL Args: DCNL archive (str):
'Test when an error is raised when next item is called.'.
'Create an eventa object.'.
'Returns a list of target names matching build_file.'.
'Creates square image from source image. DCNL :param source_image:
'Return absolute path relative to \'path\' starting at \'start\'.
'Check for differences between existing and modified entities DCNL :param entity_type:
'Joins two host strings and returns the join string.'.
'Load compiler configuration.'.
'Read data from a file. DCNL :param file: File to read DC
'Only load the module if boto is installed'.
'yaml: label DCNL A label parameter.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Return the latest available version of the named package DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Defines a default inception arg scope.
'Print text with given color.
'Scan a module. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str): The
'Returns the filesystem label for the given test case.'.
'Run web server.'.
'Return an iterator over all entry points for a namespace.'.
'Returns a list of filters from a dictionary.'.
'Format a node text.'.
'Computes the binary crossentropy between two tensors.
'Setup light. DCNL :param device_id: The ID of the light
'Computes the logistic function of the given value.
'_shell_wrap()escapes command if shell is True'.
'Return a dict of all valid functions in the mine.
'Fits a distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL sample : ndarray DCNL
'Test reshape configuration.'.
'Returns a sample for the given collection type. DCNL :param collection_type
'Get all available mdadm devices DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a breadcrumbs template with the Zinnia breadcrumbs.'.
'Read a random integer of nbits bits.'.
'Load settings from /etc/settings.txt DCNL :param path: Path
'Returns an individual that does the best, most likely, DCNL when the fitness
'Return the canonicalized version of a path.'.
'Convert a number to a number in t.'.
'Get the state of a EBS volume.'.
'Get current media. DCNL.
'Returns the model instance for the given app_label, model_name, pk.
'Setup the cluster. DCNL nodes DCNL list of nodes to be used
'Method to add headers to response. DCNL :param add_headers_cb
'Delete a column. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Scan all plugins. DCNL Returns: DCNL {\'<plugin_
'Gets the user settings for the given username.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Checks for invalid qos_spec_combination. DCNL :param info:
'Generate an A pointer for each state.'.
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL >>> bare_except(\'a
'Returns the number of items at most n_repeat times DCNL Parameters DCN
'Adds version information to the template context.'.
'Test starting a Python process with a custom system environment.'.
'Checks if there are any conflicts in the merge list. DCNL :param un
'Returns True if the contents of the two arrays are the same.
'load(handle) -> MarkovModel DCNL Parameters DCNL handle :
'Write `text` as a color old-style string. DCNL :param
'A context manager that silences sys.stdout/sys.stderr and sys.stderr
'Test PackageFinder\'s priority-Nonegg-over-eggfragments option.'.
'Update rc params with default values.'.
'Converts a value to Markdown.'.
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for back-end
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Update password for user DCNL
'Returns the 64-bit integer `n` from the right-shift of `x
'Get current error message compiler. DCNL.
'Returns a set of words from the lemmas in the dictionary.'.
'Handle the auto-help directive.'.
'Compute the square root of a set of polynomials.
'Get a LUseriespr650 series. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Returns a list of spans which are extended by ``spanlen`` DCNL
'Returns True if the given port is already listening.'.
'Test that an error is raised when the file does not exist.'.
'Step 1a: step 1a, step 2a, step 3a, step
'Ask for a filename to open'.
'Test requote_uri with unquoted percents.'.
'Get metrics record.'.
'initialise module'.
'Get convex polygon.'.
'Check for \'TODO()\'. DCNL Checks for \'
'Create an image tag.'.
'Find fiducials files for the given subject.'.
'Returns a human-readable label for a task.
'Decode a BSON document to a Python dictionary.'.
'Notifies the user about the event.'.
'Filters a list of dictionaries by a key/value pair.'.
'A helper function for match types.'.
'Bias filter. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : array DCNL
'Check if we are connected to a non-master node.'.
'Reboot a DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'expression_opt : expression_opt LPAREN expression_opt RPAREN expression_opt
'Format the allowed section. DCNL :param allowed: DCNL :param
'Checks whether user can lock given project.'.
'Setup the local switch. DCNL :param device_id: The ID of
'Converts a datetime object to a W3Ctf formatted string.'.
'Returns a list of top-level images.
'Test installing from a wheel with a previous build directory.'.
'>>> ex_lvalue(\'a\', \'b\', \
'Delete the given extra specs item.'.
'Parse a single header line into a key/value dictionary.
'Asserts that the word contains a message.'.
'Return a list of all installed packages.'.
'Gets a list of the user ids that are subscribed to by the given user.
'Compute nt complex zeros of spherical harmonic coefficients DCNL Parameters DCN
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator LBRA
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check if all arguments are valid path
'Internal, removes an interface from a bridge'.
'Push a notification to a topic. DCNL :param to_delete: DC
'Return True if name is a tarfile'.
'Test Maxwell filter.'.
'Send email to user when their changes DCNL :param old_email: Email
'Check if a device exists. DCNL :param device: device to check DC
':param series_id: DCNL :param episode_id: DCNL
'Test rotation function'.
'Validates the schema. DCNL :param filename: DCNL :param
'Computes the cosine of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the
'Get configuration location. DCNL :param overridden: If overridden: DCNL
'Decodes all unicode strings in a dict or list.'.
'Get all services available for the specified instance. DCNL :param instance_id
'Check all C{paths} files in C{paths}. DCNL :param
'Test that Gpubasic_inc_subtensor works.'.
'Convert an array of (x,y) coordinates to an array of (x,
'Get the outer loops.'.
'Test that we can access AWS keys from the environment'.
'Only load if x509 libraries exist and if SSL libraries are greater than DCNL
'Parse link id. DCNL :param link: DCNL :param link
'Converts binary string to integer type.'.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Annotate a clip with text. DCNL :param clip: DCNL
'Get the context of a model.
'Fetches the image for the specified image type.'.
'Elementwise maximum. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : float DCNL
'Get language dictionary for given type and name.'.
'Tries to guess the type of a field.
'Initialize the bind completion model.'.
'Returns the path to the SSL certificate file on the system.
'Return a colormap.'.
'Get the certificate from the given ca DCNL ca_name DCNL The
' derive id from path. DCNL :param path: Path to derive ID from
'View that checks the user\'s password and sets a new password.
'Returns the review request object for the specified local site or None if no DCNL
'Parse the progress information from the resource manager output. DCNL :param html_
'Helper function to make CTF components.'.
'Converts newlines into <br> tags.'.
'Get the command line arguments.'.
'Converts an integer to a number of bytes.
'Save memory usage information to disk.'.
'Completely compute linkage. DCNL Arguments: DCNL y:
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL mode : string DCNL mode
'Returns a list of lines starting with the first \'name\' starting with \'
'Language: pt-br -> Feature.from_string'.
'Returns a list of messages.'.
'Verify that entry_points are valid'.
'Test installing an editable checkout from an svn repository.'.
'Record the first event in the task queue.'.
'Adds a file handler to the default logger.'.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Joins two paths, returning the result as a relative path.'.
'Create a process for forking a process.'.
'Rename a process. DCNL Args: DCNL new_name (str
'Initialize the database. DCNL Args: DCNL schema (str): The
'Extracts a zip archive to targetdir DCNL :param archive: Path of
'Writes the contents of a file to a user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI
'Read deconv data from hdf5 file.'.
'Output the graph for HTML.'.
'Returns date in ISO 8601 format. DCNL :param date_obj:
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Install SSL options.'.
'Returns a cache object for the given request.'.
'Log exception callback.'.
'Decode each string in the Series/Index using the codec DCNL specified by the
'Get the content of a file.
'Set the app\'s default URL.'.
'Returns True if the argument is an int.'.
'Convert a row into a polynomial. DCNL Parameters DCNL row : list
'Convert string to utf-8 encoded string. DCNL :param string: DCN
'Return a dict of all available VM sizes on the provider.
'Decode RFC 2231 compliant string. DCNL.
'Delete qos_specs. DCNL :param qos_specs_id: The
'Unzip file from zip file DCNL :param name: File name DCN
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Add basic command line options to opt_group.'.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Create https certificates.'.
'Creates a return url from the given query string.'.
'Converts a local path to a canonical path.'.
'Converts a key value to a corresponding entity reference value.
'Default callback to zip files.'.
'Return a list of meters by project.
'Read in local variables from a file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str
'Get fileord directory types without modified gcode.'.
'A context manager for temporarily disabled updates on a widget.
'Add bottom loop.'.
'Set up the octoprint component.'.
'Convert naive datetime to naive timezone aware datetime DCNL >>> aware_to_ naive
'Runs a WSGI-function with a FastCGI server.'.
'Return the TP class corresponding to the given temporalimp string.'.
'Load images from disk. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCN
'check to make sure set_linestyle works properly'.
'Expected simple_two_params __doc__'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'A fixture providing a history object.'.
'Delete a draft.'.
'Test the sklearn priors fit method'.
'Deletes the cached item from the cache.'.
'Get a list of active contexts.'.
'Add a square to the pixel list.'.
'Parse arguments and add values.'.
'Join a list of rows with a joiner.'.
'Reverts the project to the state of the last changes.'.
'Collapses a list of IP objects into a list of IP objects.
'Return the version of nftables DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A view that indicates that the user is not allowed to access the resource DCNL
'Test the state of a systemd service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Add public keys to the authorized_keys file.
'Return a list of all job ids DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checkout files by user.'.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Test that `generate_context` works.'.
'Check if pyconfig.h is in the list of file paths.'.
'Apply some fixes to a font.'.
'Get the image properties table from the migration repository.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Raise a warning or raise an exception. DCNL Args: DCNL warning
'Quote a string for use in a shell command line argument.'.
'Write merge cells.'.
'Setup the EnOcean light platform.'.
'Checks if any dependencies aren\'t met.
'Validates that the value of the field is a list of users.'.
'Vectorized version of np.inv22'.
'Remove any file in filepaths that are older than mtime.'.
'Install the Docker plugin.'.
'Create DataFrame with expected result for factor compute.'.
'Read a cache entry. DCNL :param f: file-like object to
'Returns a ``fields`` dictionary for the given ``model``.
'Expands a dictionary by key and value.
'Return the configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``addid {
'Builds the traversal spec.'.
'Rate of change over time DCNL Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Ensure the host is peered. DCNL name DCNL The host
'create astroid for a living base class object'.
'Displays the threads for a forum.'.
'Raise an exception if we\'re not allowed to do so.'.
'Remove a package. DCNL.
'Cuckoo root directory.'.
'Convert UNIX ticks into a date object.'.
'Send email confirmation.'.
'Get logical value from result.'.
'Sets the closed state.'.
'Test wcs2pix2sky.'.
'Insert the given paths into the sys.path if it\'s not already there.
'Convert a JSON table to the native object.
'Returns a Jinja2 environment.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the best match for the current page.'.
'Test chart rendering with sparktext'.
'item : string_expr DCNL | string_expr'.
'Get all field functions from plugins.'.
'Validates read preference tags. DCNL :param name: DCNL :
'Assert that a and b have the same constant value.'.
'Serve a single file from the master'.
'Rename the named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Authorizes the current user. DCNL :param str authorize_url:
'Convert string to unicode'.
'Compile a list of source files and return a set of compilation results.'.
'A context manager that creates a temporary directory and writes an example script to DCNL
'Ensure that a volume is attached.'.
'Returns True if we are running in dev2 mode.'.
'Close a Swift connection.'.
'Read a patch from a file and parse its contents into a Message object.
'Get voronoi loop from inside and outside.'.
'List a launchd service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that validate_path_object is called with a valid path object'.
'Returns the version of evennia.'.
'Wait up to 10 seconds, then return immediately.'.
'labeled_statement : LBRACE statement_list RBRACE statement_list R
'Get new derivation.'.
'Tells the system that this type of document is about to be DCNL
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9.1.51'.
'Tests that get_locale_from_lang works for non-empty languages.'.
'Show a diff dialog and see if it returns True'.
'Returns True if dn1 and dn2 are equal.
'Disable a module. DCNL :param module: DCNL :param module
'Return the name of the platform we\'re running on.'.
'Computes the inversefisher z transform.
'Test that the SVC model works as expected'.
'Ensures that the process with the given pid_dir has num_available processes
'Gets the last week dashboard stats for the user.
'Get text feedback. DCNL :param context: DCNL :param context
'Create a new bookmark collection. DCNL :param user: User DCNL
'Test the gradient function.'.
'Send a message to an recipient DCNL recipient DCNL recipient DCNL
'Displays images. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL
'Connect to the vCenter server and start receiving messages.'.
'Open a firewalld service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return True if path is an empty directory.'.
'Get the URL for a marketing module.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Adds a user to the caller\'s course creator group.
'Executes the given SQL string and returns a list of tuples.'.
'Run the main script.'.
'Get the value of a single field.
'A context manager to capture sys.stdout and sys.stderr.'.
'Checkout a branch.'.
' tag an image DCNL :param image: The image to tag DCNL
'Update the quota class.'.
'Get an object or raise a 404 if it does not exist.'.
'Return the version of ceph DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a set of all roots in the given base paths. DCNL :param
'Moves a gcode linear move file.'.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Writes the password to the server\'s password file.'.
'Test installing a package with a submodule.'.
'Parse usage output. DCNL :param raw: DCNL :return:
'Make sure that it\'s possible to do a \'software-secure\' POST
'Encode an object on the bus.'.
'List available bridges. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the user name of the system.'.
'split(s) -> (path, file) DCNL split(s)
'Process the xml element.'.
'Detects logos in the file.'.
'Returns True if we can connect to the given ip and port.'.
'Generates an array of gradient DCNL Parameters DCNL ndirs : int
'Remove the Flocker package from the system.'.
'LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9.4.12'.
'Returns the currently active process.'.
'Convert an id to aglance_id.'.
'Load environment. DCNL :param config_path: Path to environment DCN
'Stream checkmail'.
'Remove all directories below the given path.
'Extractallocations from JSON body.'.
'Return the platform-specific compiler used by Python.'.
'Wait for the specified time. DCNL :param dt: DCNL :
'Returns the number of parameter banks for the given device.
'Displays whether remote events are currently enabled.
'Get the value of the last non-empty line.'.
'Encrypt text using an ssh public key.
'Ignores any given headers from the request DCNL Args: DCNL headers
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL abort a request DCNL Return
'Sign up a user. DCNL :param un: The name of the user
'Returns the value of the kodi frequency setting.'.
'Updates source and target index for given unit.'.
'Returns a list of all available plugins.'.
'Test that the crossentropy function works as it should when the DCNL tensor is
'Generate a code string from method subs.'.
'Load the extension in IPython.'.
'Return True if all keys in superset are in subset.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL active_log_format DCN
'Convert mpl symbol to symbol form. DCNL :param mpl_symbol: mpl
'Ensure that nomination is not pending for webapps.'.
'Check for \'copyright\' error.'.
'Run output thread. DCNL :param log: logging log, stdout, stderr
'node2 is a local object'.
'Returns a list of all fieldsets that are part of a review request.
'Returns an authorized HTTP credentials object.'.
'Adds the ETag to the response.'.
'Run a job. DCNL :param job: The job to execute. DC
'partition_dict(dict_ [key], [value]) -> (key, value
'Return a list of file paths to test data files.'.
'Define the _fat_library target.'.
'Makes the active translation object a NullTranslations instance.'.
'Converts a list of RGB components to a tuple of RGB components.'.
'Returns response body according to data_format. DCNL :param error_list
'Returns the lowest score from a list of scores.'.
'Generate relationships for word. DCNL :param relationshiplist: A list
'Deletes a task. DCNL :param name: Task name DCNL
'Get the size of a set entry.'.
'Returns True if the given text does not contain a `ajaxcrawlable` tag
'Parse the schema resource.'.
'Like smart_text, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings only
'Get current session configuration.'.
'Convert format string to Qemu format name.'.
'Clean up JS assets.'.
'Return a copy of the allowed config keys.'.
'Get the unicode stream for a file descriptor on Windows.'.
'Sync user\'s email addresses to existing ones. DCNL :param user:
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\
'Get tags for a node DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Create a wx.Image from a pilt object'.
'Invalidates *import* cache for *path* DCNL :param path:
'Get the number of available devices.'.
'Return True if symlink can be created, False if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Bump the current version.'.
'Configures the mapper\'s properties and methods that are DCNL thread-safe
'Invert an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL image : list DCN
'Verifies that all views are verified and creates a new DCNL design document if
'Returns a list of lines from a string.'.
'Return True if array is a sparse series.'.
'Check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot DCNL CLI
'Queue tab navigation themes for the current user. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Update search_clicks_metric.'.
'Get the size of a block device using fssize.'.
' firewall hosts. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Return a new unique variable.
'Iterate over all modules in modules_directory DCNL :param modules_directory
'Returns information about the virtual machine block device. DCNL :param instance: DC
'Set \'copyright\' and \'copyright\' in __builtin__ and \'
'Returns an error message indicating the number of errors.'.
'Return extension.'.
'Returns True if the value is True, False otherwise.'.
'Convert gray-to-bin list. DCNL :param bin_list:
'Create a fake descriptor system.'.
'Add xonsh-style directory paths to paths.'.
'Check ownership of an object.
'Interpret size string. DCNL Arguments: DCNL si (str
'Decorator to provide metadata to a function.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the DHCP configuration on the
'Return the user name for this system, e.g.
'Get the content-type from the request.
'Convert a pandas datetime series to a DatetimeIndex DCNL Parameters DCNL dt
'Returns True if x and y are equal.'.
'Read user choice. DCNL Args: DCNL var_name: The
'Parse a single TCP line'.
'Get the generator and prime values of a Kex algorithm.'.
'Returns a string containing the encryption properties for the given DCNL secret name.'.
'Remove all templates from the virtual environment.'.
'Determine the user agent based on the configuration.'.
'Rebuild all wiki documents.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Generates a random string of length `n` characters.'.
'Setup sudoers for bench'.
'Compare two strings using the constant time.
'Entry point for the GitHub API.'.
'Return a string representation of the arg.'.
'Return full path of test file'.
'Computes the average weight for each edge in the graph.
'Tries to choose an entry point from a list of entry points.
'Decode a thumbnail. DCNL.
'Display the repository dialog.'.
'Process a buffer.'.
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session DCNL :type nick: string DC
'Remove deferreds from result of resolve() DCNL :param v: DCN
'Test GLContext configuration'.
'Returns reverse primers seqs from seqs in mapping file DCNL mapping_
'Convert ISO 639 language names to ISO 639 codes. DCNL :param
':type bot: cloudbot.bot.CloudBot DCNL :type text
'Convert mode to a RPy-style string. DCNL :param mode:
'Signal to sync create_groups.'.
'Returns the type of h, or None if h is not a string.'.
'Create a role (keystone role-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Returns True if obj is a writable file-like object.'.
'Test that we don\'t have a softmax layer in the model.'.
'Discover the Tellcore devices.'.
' post processing of a group.
'Log and raise an error with a message.'.
'Returns a function to auto_fn for the specified dialect.'.
'Remove service or check.'.
'Configures the plugin options.'.
'Get a copy of the loops.'.
'Writes sample data to rc file'.
'Get the value of a local attribute.'.
'Return an image as a bytestring.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Initialize the linter.'.
'Get list of serial numbers of all users and tokens DCNL :param path:
'Modify an existing profile.
'Returns the currently logged-in user, or None if no user is logged in.
'Create a backup of the app.
'Add skipped test result to skipped list.'.
'A context manager for creating an instance of a subsystem.
'Lock the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a command line to run jacoco-test with the given environment.'.
'Get a value from etcd DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Delete image property.'.
'Delete the specified logger.'.
'Remove ANSI escape sequences from text.'.
' shapelist(a) -> list DCNL Returns a tuple containing all elements of
'Check if the given host exists.
'Sets the data directory.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Gets the current status of the
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Checks partition information for minor minor
'Run the bootstrap script.'.
'Start a VM. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Migrate a task.'.
'Plugin factory.'.
'The main loop.'.
'Test download_specify implementation.'.
'Get the maximum distance from a list of paths.'.
'Wrapper around _colordiff.'.
'get the location of the object'.
'Show an error message.'.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Batched INSERT/COMMIT pairs.'.
'Convert a binary string into a list of IP addresses DCNL :param s:
'Starts a lock on the job queue.'.
'Return a set of IDs of all top topics.'.
'merges a dictionary into a new dictionary DCNL :param base_items:
'Converts from rgb to hsv color'.
'Initialize the test suite.'.
'Test config formatting'.
'Traverse a path and return a list of paths.'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get flavor by flavor id.'.
'Converts an object to a JSON string.
'Test installing from a broken wheel.'.
'Add a group. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Return system CPU times as a dict.
'Return details about all cache clusters.
'Test file encodings.'.
'Ensure that all domains in config have been set up correctly.'.
'Get and display the resources.'.
'Change password view.'.
'Validates that all methods in plugin_base_class are found in DCNL
'Set the container. DCNL :param ctid_or_name: container
'Create a CSR for a set of domains.
'Return the os id, e.g.
'Get all datasets from a deployment.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Parse the response content as JSON and return a Python object.'.
'Set package state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Run all functions in `names` on `obj` and return the first one.
'Convert a string to a unicode string.'.
'Enable all themes in mako templates.'.
'Read JSON object from file. DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DC
'Returns True if the given key is not in the dictionary.'.
'Converts a coordinate to an action.'.
'Run ifconfig test on all hosts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the disk bus name for a disk device. DCNL :param vm_
'Setup all available switches.'.
'Creates widget object based on module name and widget name.'.
'Returns a nicely formatted string representation of any Python object.'.
'Elementwise hyperbolic tangent function.
'Returns a string representation of a simple matrix.'.
'Replaces named groups in the pattern.
'Return True if the given directory is a theme directory.'.
'Get helix path.'.
'Check if a module is loaded. DCNL :param module_name: The
'Make a function call with the given arguments.'.
'Check to see if the temp file exists DCNL :param method: DCN
'Get a specific role by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of
'Returns the first item in an iterable that satisfies a given function.'.
'Returns the object corresponding to a version object.'.
'Locate an optional filename.
'Execute a single minion command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Format the value as a human readable file size.
'Returns a list of all possible postfixes of length n DCNL >>> len(
'Get allprofilers. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out
'Checks if CUDA is available.'.
'Get all objects.'.
'Max value over a specified period'.
'Generates a random id. DCNL Parameters DCNL shape : ndarray DC
'Return requests session object'.
'Checks if user has permission on given DocType DCNL :param doctype: Doc
'Return the enabled quotas.'.
'Creates an output object from stdout or sys.stdout.
'Creates a nameserver DCNL returns True if the nameserver was created successfully
'get_attribute(obj, name) -> attribute DCNL Return attribute of obj
'Return a hash of the given string.'.
'Read a file and return the contents.'.
'Test that we can reset the terminal to a different length.'.
'Return the argument spec for retry_pause and retry_pause functions.'.
'Returns the most common item in a sequence. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'unary_expression : unary_expression LBRACE'.
'Save a new model to the database. DCNL :param new_model:
'Returns a dictionary with keys specified as Nobs and values as values DCNL as
'Create a network with a set of intfoptions.'.
'loglike multivariate normal distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Return the top k elements of a sequence.
'This is the main routine to check if we can connect to DCNL the server
'Creates a Query object from the datastore_pb.Query protocol buffer.'.
'Return info about all groups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the API version is a valid major version.'.
'Computes the minimum of two bivariate polynomials in `K[X]
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Parses the header and returns the key, value pair.'.
'Searches for LXC bridges. DCNL :param lxc
'Replace an exception with a new exception.
'Submit a document to the tree. DCNL :param document_locale: The
'Return whether we are running inside a virtualenv.'.
'Parse an HTML document and feed it into the parser.'.
'Test meshdata.'.
'Given a path to a pattern file, returns the absolute path to that pattern file.
'Get the inventory.'.
'Compute targets given overlaps and labels.'.
'Returns a string representation of a float or None if None.'.
'Set mux property. DCNL.
'Encode a base64-encoded string DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, connection section:* DCNL ``add {uri}}
'Takes a list of parameters and returns a dictionary with the DCNL values of
'Create a docker client.
'trial(n, candidates) DCNL Parameters DCNL factors : int DC
'Returns True if requested_fields contains a profile image.'.
'Folder delete'.
'Decode a cookie. DCNL.
'A demonstration showing how to parse a string of tokens.'.
'Iterate over all tests in a test suite.'.
'Returns the protocol to use for the current user.'.
'Deletes a list of documents from the search index.
'Check for no audit log. DCNL :param logical_line: logical line
'Test that an error is raised when an invalidalgo option is not DCNL
'Generate a mtime map for each file in path_map DCNL :param opts
'Find all tests in a package and return them as a list of test DCNL
'Copy the stat info (mode atime, mtime, flags) from src to dst
'Set the zone configuration file for a list of zones.'.
'The main index page.'.
'Download the data from Yann\'s website, unless it\'s already here.
'Normalize a URI. DCNL :param uri: DCNL :param encoding
'Return a list of all available color names.'.
'Converts to lowercase. DCNL :param value: DCNL :param
'Test that hug\'s chain type works as expected'.
'Set a single sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Detects the distro of the system and returns a list of probes DCNL
'Add check to service.'.
'Prettify Python objects. DCNL :param obj: DCNL
'Get a list of RisingItems for a given set of sr_ids.'.
'Creates a credential resolver.'.
'Returns the name of the user field in the profile model.
'Remove variants from the given address.'.
'Translates a language name to a locale name.'.
'Fixes incoming and outgoing requests counts.'.
'Validates a file. DCNL Args: DCNL file (str):
'Test that HTML is rendered correctly'.
'Parse an RFC 2822 compliant date string into a time tuple.'.
'Constructs theame_from value from the request context.'.
'Remove senderkey from connections.'.
'Merges lists of sequences into a single list of base names.'.
'Convert a 1D numpy array to a 2D numpy array.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type category: str DCNL :
'Remove the version from a URL.
'Send notification about invoice to user after payment'.
'Verify the signature of a file. DCNL :param filename: File to verify
'Setup the plugin.'.
'Context manager to temporarily reset the warnings and filters.'.
'Encode unicode_data for XML.
'Returns True if the string is positive, false otherwise.'.
'Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
'Returns a list of repositories.'.
'Returns True if we are running in a local environment.'.
'Get all users. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which users
'Get the release name for Linux systems.'.
'Cleans up the authenticated user\'s account.
'Flatten a dictionary DCNL :param d: dictionary DCNL :param
'Returns a list of URLs for the default profile image.'.
'Returns a new dictionary with keys and values reversed.'.
'Match dictionary keys. DCNL :param keys: DCNL :param prefix
'Return the proxy stream for the current request.'.
'Return chunks of ``a`` in ``n`-dimensional chunks` of ``
'Get a value from a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove the named service from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if group_id_or_name is an effective group.'.
'Return event data to a local user DCNL :param events: List of events
'Get all server messages.'.
'Reorder the dimensions of a tensor in place.
'Returns the key name for permission configuration.'.
'Prompt for the user/password and OTP entry.'.
'Parse machine string and return (user, password, port, profile) DCNL
'Returns a range of length 1 from *start* to *end*.'.
'Get style value.'.
'let :let command'.
'Given a role name describe its properties.
'Records usage of a given time slice.
'Move all the tables from source to target.'.
'Test if two values are equal.'.
'Return the version of CPAN DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test reading and appending of raw data.'.
'Compute square-free part of ``f``.
'Return the name of the latest release.
'Convert path to lowercase. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str):
'Cancels a card hold.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Create a lock on the filesystem.
'Expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'The main function.'.
'Test PackageFinder detect latest already satisfied links'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the hostname. DCNL
'Return a dict containing information about running services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Computes the inverse error function of the CDF DCNL Parameters DCN
'Verifies the certificate.'.
'Get an item from a collection DCNL :param ind: DCNL :
'Builds the necessary commands to run apt.'.
'Takes a search torrent and converts it to a JSON object.
'Compute a ``percentile`` of ``a`` DCNL Parameters DC
'Returns True if a is sorted in ascending order.'.
'Reloader thread for child processes.'.
'Get validator function by name.'.
'Get the libvirt credentials.'.
'Returns the current vtk version.'.
'Converts an integer to a positive integer.
'Setup the NKX tunnel.'.
'Builds the Reduction B block.'.
'Returns the zone object for the given domain name.'.
'Renders Pep440 pieces. DCNL Args: DCNL pieces
'Returns a list of designs for the current user.'.
'base64 encodes a string DCNL >>> b2a_base64(\'
'Create the PostgreSQL database.'.
'Computes the entropy of a time series of length numofshortblocks DCN
'Process the xml element by the manipulationFunction.'.
'Get the current standby timeout in minutes of the given scheme DCNL CLI Example
'Remove a file or directory.
'Validates that \'value\' is not blank.'.
'For functions that return a pointer.'.
'Return merged seq, qual and quality of left and right. DCNL data:
'Creates a client for working with cloud monitoring.
'Finds a health check for the given IP address and FQDN'.
'Generate test files.'.
'Wakestuck-style flow. DCNL :param session_id:
'Get the version data from the GitHub API.'.
'Return a unique token for the platform.'.
'Parses a time format string and returns a tuple of DCNL repeat, format
'Retrieves a content item. DCNL :param content_id: The
'Builds a Khmer graph from the given ifilenames.
'Connect to Facebook'.
'Run a command on an X11 tunnel DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'roundup(number, ndigits) -> float DCNL roundup(number
'Return True if the given distribution is a Linux distribution.'.
'Get a critical checks snippet.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``playlistinfo {
'Returns the normalized value of a column. DCNL :param column: DC
'Install add-on requirements.'.
'Load an application from a file.
'Configure the cloudpipe server.'.
'Returns a datetime object representing a timestamp. DCNL Arguments: DCNL year
'Returns a list of tracks for the given track ID.'.
'A list of groups that are allowed to access the current user.'.
'Checks if the driver is compatible with the given agent types.'.
'Test that we can\'t make a string out of ASCII characters.'.
'Get the current cache value DCNL :param requests.Session.cache:`
'Returns the path to solrctl.exe in the directories listed in the DCNL
'Tear down the process.
'Use oslo_logger.'.
'Test uninstalling a package from a URL'.
'Filter out bad releases. DCNL :param name: name to filter DCN
'Return the image object to use'.
'Return all series matching the provided normalized name'.
'Finds and returns the time in seconds since the last session ticket stored.
'Return True if expr is square.'.
'Converts a URL into a cgidict.'.
'Generate reStructuredText documentation.'.
'Returns a list of the files used to backup the backup.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is negative in ``K[X
'Returns a list of the basis elements of g in ring.'.
'Clears all the lexer caches used by jinja2.
'A newline literal.'.
'Get preview image. DCNL :param preview_object: DCNL :
'Return a copy of the element\'s style.'.
'Sends an event to the tracker.'.
'Get the installer for the specified module.
'Get the location of the currently active context.'.
'Return image with gaussian blurring DCNL Parameters DCNL im : PIL.
'Returns a context manager for auto-detecting attributes of an object DCNL :
'bulk mapping of fname, middlename, lastname DCNL :param record_
'Test format of priority'.
'Returns a list of (count, cnt_diff, cnt_t, elem)
'Load certificate from PEM/ASN1 files. DCNL :param data:
'List all snapshots of a VM.
'Get the names and default values of a function\'s arguments.
'Get all roles for a user.'.
'Set up all the modules.'.
'Makes a response for a product.'.
'Elementwise square root. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor
'Get all user attempts.'.
'Get the absolute number of a season/ episode in a show'.
'Find the ISO storage repository.'.
'Export languages to json file'.
'Get licenses from database and insert into database. DCNL :param warn:
'Account view page'.
'Compute polynomial derivation DCNL Parameters DCNL p : ndarray DCNL
'Return image orientation in exif format DCNL Parameters DCNL im : image
'Cancel primitive c.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Delete swap memory memory. DCN
'Updates the SSL configuration values DCNL :param opts: The Salt options dictionary
'Return the short name of the URI DCNL :param nt_uri: The
'Execute the CLI command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Removes all non-uuid objects from the database.'.
'Validate handlers. DCNL :param handlers: List of handlers to check DCN
'Return the path to the kernel file.
'Create a TCP socket on the specified port and return a socket object.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Create a file at the given path.'.
'Takes a pdb file and returns a dictionary with keys and values DCNL of
'Chuang-F3 multiobjective function.
'Get or initialize the User secrets manager.'.
'Split a key-value pair. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Make a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Returns the bounds of a list of sizes.'.
'Translates a matrix.'.
'Rename a key. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Starts a viewer for the specified file.'.
'>>> test_suite() DCNL enter DCNL enter DCNL
'Convert an RGB color to a256 color.
'Decode an address. DCNL :param v: The address to decode. DC
'Declarative decorator. DCNL :type cls: class DCNL :
'Display the main dialog.'.
'Returns the disk size in MB for the provided VM and swap DCNL linode
'Set up OVS bridges and delete ports from Neutron.'.
'Uploads the executive summary report to the datastore.
'Check if the given content-type is aquopri header. DCNL
'Evaluates the tensor value of the given tensor.
'Computes the absolute difference between a function and a symbol.
'Moves the release to the latest release.'.
'Fixture to return a mock AIOClient.'.
'Create a new Cloudpipe project.'.
'Make all folders in path DCNL :param path: Path to create DCN
'Return a storage conn object'.
'Index page. DCNL :param request: The request context DCNL :
'Handle user\'s activity. DCNL :param user: User instance DCN
'Request a single layer from the configuration.
'*musicpd.org, client to client section:* DCNL `` crossp
'Write a file to disk DCNL Args: DCNL path (str):
'Generate a new asset metadata object for a random asset.'.
'The binskim command line interface.'.
'Return the number of followers of a user. DCNL :param id: the
'User view'.
'Populate the collectors in the given directory with data from DCNL collectors
'Recursively walks through all submodules of a module.
'Returns a human-readable label for a field.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary DCNL type
'Returns the auth modules DCNL :param dict opts: The Salt options dictionary
'Returns all items in l whose value equals item.'.
'Return True if the namespace is visible in this context.'.
'Get raised height grid.'.
'div(v_op,v_op) -> v_op DCNL
'A view that displays the contents of a directory DCNL :param path: Path
'Set the time zone for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a bug report for the currently active app.'.
'Jumptopreviou swift'.
'Returns the ``n`-th power of ``a`` in ``GF(
'Returns the revision number of an svn repository.
'Use Netmiko to connect to the switch DCNL :param ip_addr
'Returns a function to track a task.'.
'Helper function for Django\'s reverse that takes a format string and returns a DCN
'Make sure filesystem is properly created.'.
'Return a list of mock games in a directory.'.
'Returns a list of valid domains.
'Verify that all axes are unique.'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table.'.
'Check for service clients. DCNL :param logical_line: logical_line
'Return absolute path for relative paths.
'Returns a list of objects that were completed.
'Check if vsphere is complete.'.
'Find virtual machine disk.'.
'Encode images. DCNL Parameters DCNL model : dict DCNL model
'concat(url, args) -> url + query string'.
'Returns the status of a login token DCNL :param token: DCNL
'Assign a random topic category to a resource.'.
'Install icinga2 DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Write fake ring data to disk. DCNL :param path: DCNL
'Papachan Papachan.'.
'>>> test_rz() DCNL True'.
'init_fflayer : param_init_fflayer DCNL Parameters DCN
'Generate a list of projects.'.
'Get the tag name.'.
'Create and return a filter.'.
'Create and return QAction instance'.
'Returns the index of the first element in a and b DCNL >>> indexof
'Parse the signed request and return a dictionary of data.'.
'Recursively merge two mappings.
'Takes an object and calls func on it and places the result in results.'.
'Return an absolute path.
'Converts a graph to a list of edges.
'Check the quota of the image.
'Updates the search document for the specified exploration.
'Move to the previous history or previous completion.'.
'Returns a list of matching locations'.
'Returns the coordinates of the ico for the specified grade.'.
'Test setting parameters.'.
'This function returns a tuple of (startkey, childkey) and DCNL
'Encode a SHA-1 hash. DCNL Args: DCNL sha: The
'Worker thread that reads raw buffers from the ft_client.'.
'Return a token stream without stopped tokens.'.
'RESTful CRUD resource factory method.'.
'Get a set of all pages in a string.'.
'Check if user has permission to access controller. DCNL :param type: type
'Takes a query and a list of parameters and returns a query string DCNL
'Corrupt a number of bytes from a string. DCNL :param s:
' smart_str(path) -> str DCNL Returns: DCNL unicode
'Cleans up a classification network. DCNL :param original_network: A
'Returns a list of paths from the given items.'.
'Returns a string summary of the st file.'.
'Find a migration repository. DCNL :param repo_name: Path to the
'Test video embedding.'.
'Save process list to file. DCNL :param process_list: DCN
'Draw a round rectangle with the specified radius and fill.'.
'Extract the hold flag from the line.'.
'repair central directory signature DCNL :param is_file_instance: If
'Set the given properties on an image and update it.
'Returns a ``FieldInfo`` for the given model.'.
':param mime_type: mime-type DCNL :param parsed_ranges:
'Get all overrides for this CCX.'.
'Verify the checksum of a buffer DCNL :param buffer: DCNL :
'Return a discrete sequence of length n.
'Returns a firewall rule for the given port.'.
'Format seconds as a human-readable time string.'.
'pointer : LBRACE'.
'Skip lines_enum based on regex in options.skip_requirements_regex.'.
'Create a new wrapper function for the given model.'.
'Returns a unique id for the given user.'.
'Show details about a keypair.'.
'Modify tags on a node.
'Only load if LDAP is available.'.
'Creates a new Node. DCNL :param args: DCNL :
'Build Sphinx extension.'.
'Show information about a match.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Convert a multi-dimensional dictionary to a dictionary.
'Bind a context variable to a statement.'.
'Minimize a trust-ncg function with respect to a region.'.
'Return a string containing the "x-ray-req" value.'.
'Get a set of test targets.
'Returns the next element or the default if it does not exist.'.
'Permutes a list of lists. DCNL :param l: list of lists
'Test that we don\'t create a Cudand array with a float32 type
'Loads an SVM model.
'Get the path with the loops removed.'.
'Kill old process. DCNL :param pidfile: Path of old process DCN
'Elementwise L1 norm of a tensor.
'Encode a list of (key, value) tuples as a URL.'.
'Write an external book relationship.'.
'Get the division by two numbers.'.
'Mask events according to mask_type. DCNL Parameters DCNL events :
'Prints out the nands.'.
'Only load this module if csf is installed'.
'Write data to memory file.'.
'Get historical data from spam dashboard.'.
'Add collar and shaft.'.
'Converts slug to lowercase. DCNL Args: DCNL slug(str
'Executes the current plan, updating the old_plan DCNL and updating the
'Create a new node.'.
'Validates a list of strings. DCNL :param s: DCNL
'Returns the URL for the local resource for the specified xblock.
'This will store the current language code in the context.
'Returns a feature list as a TFRecord of int64s.'.
'A null error tracker.'.
'Creates a new client log url.'.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Convert human-readable labels to human-readable labels.'.
'Split an expression into multiple surfaces. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr :
'Find the maximum number ofoccupancy nodes in the list of directories.'.
'Computes the Rayle-Hess correlation coefficient.
'Removes HTML tags from a string.'.
'Returns True if the device is a valid partition. DCNL :param device:
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of
'Make a row key scan.'.
'Get the instance tag by instance uuid.'.
'Get the module configuration for the backend.'.
'Return the name of a notification object. DCNL Args: DCNL obj
'Get all snippets from file.'.
'Creates a new course.
'Lift the given loop into the given blocks.'.
'Get the version of a file DCNL :param path: Path to the file
'Compute a hash using OpenBSD\'s algorithm.
'Returns the TTL and the TTL of the given domain name. DCNL
'Setup the myusps sensor.'.
'Run SPM on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the address of an Organisations'.
'Check that all of the arguments passed to this function are set to exclusive DCNL
'Add a node to the cluster DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return information about a certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a keyset with the given name.'.
'Only load if boto is installed.'.
'Records an exchange result. DCNL :param status: exchange status DCNL
'Test the mean absolute error function.'.
'Fixture to return a bridge object.'.
'Adds the errors to the field_errors dict if the serializer is not DCN
'Builds a targ map for the target lookup service. DCNL :param
'Change the name of the command table.'.
'Return a finder class from the given import path.'.
'Compute legen vector `lut` for `x` and `lut`.
'Download the contents of `origin` to `dest` DCNL :param origin
'Adds a user. DCNL :param username: The name of the user
'Create slices. DCNL Arguments: DCNL start: int DCNL
'Remove the given prefix from the beginning of a string DCNL >>> removeprefix(\
'Create and return a named temporary file.
'Loads a file or a file-like object into a new BioSQL database
'Returns a list of newest pages. DCNL Arguments: DCNL -
'Returns a list with all the elements of *sequences*.'.
'Unquote and unquote a string of data. DCNL :param source:
'Launch a process in a child process and return the pid of the process DCNL
'Computes the symmetric decomposition of a symmetric matrix.
'Detach a volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Readcoil coordinates from a directory.'.
'Generate a securely generated secret.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'create_string_buffer(a) -> a string buffer DCNL create_
'Returns a tuple of (n_signals, n_times, times) for each
'Module\'s index page.'.
'Return a warning message for the given exception.'.
'Builds the match conditions for the given DocType.
'Returns ( units, units, spheroid) for the given spatial reference.'.
'Sanitize redirect URL. DCNL :param host: hostname DCNL :
'Computes windows of spectral power flow DCNL Parameters DCNL n
'Calculates the average precision for each position in y_true.'.
'Clears cache'.
'Create a new group type.
'Return the linear roots of ``f``.
'Creates a diff between two objects.
'API: accepts output'.
'Set the date string in the info dictionary.'.
'Returns True if the object is hashable.'.
'Return a list of available extensions'.
'Display all possible options.'.
'Convert a JSON-compatible representation of a variable to the native object.
'Parses a list of command line arguments.'.
'build a Wedge text source from a pandas DataFrame DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Parse a pathname and return a CAS root path.'.
'Prints a list of available commands.'.
'Create a new package in the project.
'Run a background job.
'Returns a stylemap for the given node.'.
'Return a query object for the given thing and name.'.
'Returns a class alias if it exists, False otherwise.'.
'Computes the squared difference between two elements.
'Parses column names and types from SQL text. DCNL :param value:
'Represent an ACL value.'.
'Return a list of the most common URLs.'.
'Commits the changes to the database.'.
'Return an iterator over all Windows services.'.
'Return ``True`` if you\'re following a dataset, ``False` otherwise
'Returns the status of a task in the given VM and task_state.
'Delete a project. DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL salt myminion
'Get a temporary directory to use for Galaxy tests.'.
'Return a list of all disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that popup injection works as expected'.
'Set the default group of the current process DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns the API version.'.
'Return a list of all available path names.'.
'Return the full path to the Makefile.'.
'Create a technical server error response.
'Returns an iterator that yields each element of the iterable DCNL sequence.'.
'Returns a SOAP envelope containing all parts of a particular content-type, DCNL
'Removes the test database and cache files.'.
'Flatten a dictionary. DCNL :param d: dictionary DCNL :
'Escapes a list of objects for use in a query parameter.'.
'Get the package_data dictionary.'.
'build_library target.'.
'Format a string for printing to the console DCNL Args: DCNL s
'Get the loops in order of area.'.
'Unescape any `doquery` text into HTML code. DCNL :param
'Returns HTML for email address.'.
'Generate a UUID from the MD5 hash of a namespace UUID and a name.'.
'Set the current switch value DCNL :param name: Name of the switch DC
'Replaces key/value pairs in the doc with values from opts.'.
'Default tax handler function.'.
'Returns a tuple ( pad_sep, pad_index, max_sep) for
'Return the contents of a git HEAD.'.
'Returns (token, tag) tuple from stts dict.'.
'Strips the first occurence of *text* from *text*.'.
'Update status of parent document DCNL :param doc: DCNL :param
'Group tokens that are found in a list of tokens DCNL :param tlist
'Get the minimum of two complexes.'.
' massage metadata keys. DCNL :param dct: dict DCNL :
'Returns a random sample of a function.
'Moves one or more songs to the list.'.
'Stop a service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validates an update document. DCNL :param update: DCNL :
'Copies or rename a transcript.
'Check if the given regular expression matches the given DCNL name.
'Set the HTTP wrapper'.
'Return data to a Redis server'.
'Check if arguments are valid.'.
'Extract all translations from Transifex.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return the tag name of the current version.'.
'Moves a gcode linear move file.'.
'Ensure that the cluster is present. DCNL name DCNL The name
'Send a signal to all running signals DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'>>> dedent_initial(False) DCNL >>> dedent_initial(False
'Get session for a spacewalk server.'.
'Returns the manager class from the given engine.'.
'Show the details from EC2 concerning an instance.
'Returns a crontab entry with the most recent date and time.'.
'Context manager to profile the code in a with statement.'.
'Creates a temporary file name.'.
'A task to check authorization for all identity DCNL :param last_synced
'Takes a polynomial and returns a subset of generators that contain the given symbol.'.
'Get a host by uuid.'.
'Compare all optimizers.'.
'Sends a message to all lane messages on the lane stack.'.
'Returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs
'Unpacks an argument and returns it.'.
'Split digest authentication data into individual values.'.
'Sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line.'.
'Update an instance\'s metadata.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Returns whether the requesting_user can access self blocks.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no errors'.
'All assigned orders'.
'Check the contents of a file and return a Module node.'.
'Removes leading and trailing whitespace from a multiline string DCNL :param multiline_
'If \'argmax\' is called via the \'process_argmax\'
'Converts a number of bytes into a human readable form. DCNL :param
'Test the length of the bootstrap function.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a snapshot.'.
'List available mounts on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return BTRFS filesystem information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Return this platform\'s string for platform-specific distributions.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Given two dicts, returns a new dict containing only the values that are DCNL
'Check the size of a conda cache file DCNL :param path: DCN
'Get the details for the specified etag.'.
'Creates a new signing keyset. DCNL :param io_loop:
'Get and transfer the closest message loop.'.
'Create a new deferred property.
'Write an unpaired read from the FASTA file DCNL data:
'Return a list of page TOC tags. DCNL :param soup: BeautifulSoup
'Returns the name of the database file, or None if the file does not exist or
'Compile a regular expression pattern.
':param straddress: DCNL :type straddress: str DCNL :
'Takes a dictionary and returns a new dictionary with keys and values DCNL converted
'Create a new user on the server.'.
'Test file modekeeping helper.'.
'Return the first configured instance.'.
'Get all ancestors of a person entity DCNL.
'Test cookie jar initialization.'.
'Decrypt data. DCNL :param key: The key to decrypt DCN
'Loads the results directory and returns the path of the DCNL results directory and
'Get outgoing URL. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param url
'Return all comments. DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Yield successive n-sized lists from l.'.
'Move entry to blocked state.'.
'Read in a bitmap file and return a dictionary of data.'.
' demangle_name(name, mode) -> (name, bup_chunk
'congioncontrol Section 9.4.12'.
'Returns the interface associated with a given host.'.
'Calculates the GC content for the given sequence DCNL :param sequence:
'Create a security group rule from the values dictionary.'.
'Return the uriwrites for one or more providers.
'Joins one or more path components to a base path component.
'Returns Q-value for k. DCNL Parameters DCNL pi : array
':param mime_type: mime-type string DCNL :param parsed_ranges
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Adds two dictionaries by key. DCNL :param in_dict1:
'Check if we have a subdomain, and if we have a full host, DCN
'Returns True if search_opts contains all thetenants.'.
'Takes a list of (x, y) tuples and returns a tuple of (
'A context manager that temporarily sets the context\'s mode.
'Draws a three dimension scatterplot with the given x, y, z.'.
'Test either if an error is raised with non 2dim input'.
'Draw a rectangle with the given color.'.
'Send message to backend.'.
'Sends a message to the bot to alarm the specified job.'.
'Test the test function for ge1p10 and np.broadcast_arrays.'.
'Get photometers by name.'.
'Associate fixed ip to instance or host.'.
'Adds a tool menu.'.
'Check whether check is correct. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : list of
'Returns a paginated API response.'.
'Get the currentcoor. DCNL :param bool url: DCNL
'Return a dict containing information about available GPUs DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Disables select functionality in pcap.'.
'Test that lettuce throws an exception'.
'Returns the path of the data directory for the given component.'.
'Disassociate a list of stagekeys from an API key.
'Internal helper function.'.
'Return a file-like object for the given URL.'.
'Check if version string is equal to operator. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns whether the current process is in interactive mode.'.
'Attach a json issue custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Get the script name from the WSGI environment.
'Takes a search string and returns a search handle. DCNL :param text
'Install a new site.'.
'Returns the quoted-printable version of the given string.'.
'Returns a set of user brands.'.
'Signal to be called after saving the user.'.
'A JSON-compatible version of play() function.'.
'Get client options.'.
'Get the overhang span.'.
'Returns label for x axis.'.
'Main program.'.
'Get the default time zone.
'Returns a relative URI from *base* to *to*.
'Get element with a string key.'.
'Log a link to the currently logged-in user.'.
'Get reference to the VM with the name specified.'.
'Load gradient boosting model.'.
'Sends a confirmation for a user to complete their registration. DCNL :param
'Searches for a query and returns a list of (query, suggestion) DCN
'Returns a list of handlers defined in settings.'.
'Build the xfs option from a tune2fs_dict.'.
'A validator that checks if the value of the field is unique.
'expandvars(p) -> string DCNL expandvars(p) DCN
'Ensures that the specified attribute does not exist in the context.
'This function does the actual prediction. DCNL :param stream: DCNL
'Return the one-line summary out of a Python source file.'.
'Determine if a short number is a possible number for a particular region.
'Context manager to temporarily disable the exception hook.'.
'Detect the OS name.'.
'Computes the normalization error between two images DCNL Parameters DCNL img
'Redirect to n times.'.
'Convert a list of L{result} into a L{result}. DCNL
'Get the device type of the model.'.
'Get the arguments from a function\'s signature.'.
'Test TPOT operator export.'.
'Return True iff contains a softmax.'.
'Update the viewer with the data from vis_batch DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Convert size string to bytes'.
'Return True if we should skip this module.'.
'Sends a message to a list of recipient lists.
'TODO: DCNL http://www.microsoft.com/en-us
'Computes the left and right audio values.
'Configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop.'.
'Converts a string to a byte string.
'Convert metablock tag to metablock tag.'.
'>>> print obj[a:b] DCNL >>> print obj[a
'Source tmux files. DCNL :param tmux_version: tmux
':param entity_id: Entity ID DCNL :param message_handle: Message
'Login to the given username/password.'.
'Ensure profile is absent on the computenode DCNL name : string DCN
'Delete a scan. DCNL Args: DCNL scan_id: The
'Get transferred loops.'.
'Fetches the inventory for the specified URI.'.
'Return the mostpopular groups. DCNL :rtype: list[str
'Returns a dictionary describing all network I/O statistics.
'Converts a string argument to a unicode string.'.
'Convert a path to a native path.'.
'Get the version number from VERSION.txt.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the version of the running Python
'Creates a subprocess and returns a subprocess.Process object.'.
'Load a certificate from a path. DCNL :param path: DCNL
'Return True if `original` is out of date, False otherwise.'.
'List all users. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Evaluates the value of a tensor space DCNL Parameters DCNL space
'Show the details of an existing snapshot.
'Displays whether \'restart_freeze\' is on or off if supported DCN
'Returns the symmetric polynomial of length n.
'Returns a numpy array of given shape and dtype.'.
'Takes a number and returns the number between 0 and 1'.
'Returns a dictionary with tags in proper format.'.
'This will store the current language code in the context.
'Get epochs.'.
'Get base64 encoded HTML5zip file from URL.'.
'Get element at rank.'.
'Extract the value from the SNMPv6 record. DCNL :param snmp
'Validates that \'value\' is a string.'.
'Read GPI file and return iterator.'.
'Generate go source file for a protocol.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains *count* times.
'Updates a group type.
'Creates a static address if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Extracts the first word from the line and returns it as a pair of DCN
'Returns the keyword arguments to delete a list.'.
'Returns a list of (locale, name) pairs for AKAs in a movie
'docstring for main'.
'avoids --apps/apps/if-apps/apps/argument-is
'Returns True if the URL has a explicit scheme.'.
'When a step definition calls another (undefined) step definition with different arguments, DCN
'Setup logging.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Redirect to the default location.'.
'Return the full path to EMBL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert volume_id to an ec2 volume id.'.
'XOR(a, b) -> bytearray DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Return a file object for the given path and environment'.
'looks for objects'.
'Compares two media types. DCNL :param actual: DCNL :
'Returns a nicely formatted fulltext sentence.'.
'List runners for specific modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Disassociate a profile from an instance profile.
'-- Returns current poudriere identity.'.
'List all profiles in a path'.
'Delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist.'.
':param NodeState node_state: DCNL :param NodeState manifestation:
'Only load if spacewalk libraries exist.'.
'Returns True if the given agent is a Bcommit\' or not.'.
'Expand shell variables.
'Recreate instances in a Managed Instance Group.
'Return a list of all bears names.'.
'Return the length of a base64-encoded string.'.
'Encode a string using Base58 alphabet. DCNL :param value: The string
'Error handler for resize_error. DCNL :param src: DCNL
'Validates a password. DCNL :param password: DCNL :param
'Create a test suite with asuccess XML tag.'.
'Returns a copy of the object\'s dictionary.'.
' identity(obj) -> obj DCNL identity(obj) DCNL identity
'Returns True if user can edit article, False otherwise.'.
'A function to cache call signatures. DCNL :param bracket_leaf: The
'List all tables in a dataset.'.
'Show a public key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Setup the Simplisafe alarm control panel.'.
'Find the full path to a module in a dotted package.
'Returns a tuple of the maximum line length and a string DCNL if it is
'Fetches a URL and returns its content.'.
'Replaces a single environment variable with a default value.
'Test that we don\'t import stdlib collections.'.
'Computes the kurtosis of an array.
'Returns the course represented by the given course_key.
'Starts the babysitter server.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Initialize a working set for the master distribution.'.
'Set ownership of network into filesystem.'.
'Creates local config file if it doesn\'t exist'.
'Create two instances of temporal poolers TP and TP.'.
'Test service_schema option validation.'.
'specifying features in inner directory'.
'Convert a hyperexpandable function to a meijerg.'.
'Determine if the path is inside any of the loops.'.
'Check whether the method is valid for the given estimator.'.
'Create random bytes. DCNL :param bytes: DCNL :param b
'Returns a list of rows from the database.'.
'Install from source. DCNL Args: DCNL version (str): The
'Returns the square root of x.'.
'Get the size of a stream.'.
'Set host backend for VIF host backend.'.
'Clones a repository. DCNL :param parent: DCNL :return
'Check for redundant virtual lines.'.
'Run the test suite.'.
'List all folder flags.'.
'Create a process pool object.
'List the contents of the specified user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI Example:
'initializer_list : initializer_list'.
'Load an example module.'.
'Returns True if the system is X-QUBE or X-QUBE
'Convert argument to a list-like object DCNL Parameters DCNL arg :
'Converts a boolean to a bitarray.'.
'Returns a short summary of an alignment DCNL :param alignment: DCNL
'Pads the labels. DCNL Args: DCNL logits: list of
'Returns ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Parse a path expression like: DCNL http://en.wikipedia.org/
'callback to parse a list of ports.'.
'Return an SSL adapter class by name.
'Called when the first time a new session is created DCNL :param manager:
'Adds the arg to the value.'.
'expand a reader macro in the tree DCNL :param char: DCNL
'Asserts that two strings reference_str and test_str are equal.
'Get city code.'.
'Simple command-line program for ciscoconfparse.'.
'url_to_mid(url) -> int DCNL Converts a URL
'Returns the CCX for the given coach.
'Returns a key for the square root of the operator.'.
'Update package database.'.
'Ensure we\'re running on the correct host.'.
'Similar to smart_bytes, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Remove a role from the switch DCNL username DCNL username DCNL
'Default 404 handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`404.html`
'Builds and returns a base64 encoded image from the given data.'.
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL Check for \'assert(except
'Creates a new Windmill test client and waits for it to finish.
'Split a title into year, month, day. DCNL :param title:
'Computes the sin of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the
'Returns the given number as a string.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'Subtract polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Build an HTML page with the classified text.'.
'Fix connectivity matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL X : ndarray DCNL
'Computes the sharedX profile of a function DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return the html of the element with the given CSS selector, DCNL or None
'Register an contributor. DCNL Args: DCNL request: The request context
'Return a multivariate polynomial ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Get collection creation options.'.
'Start the GLances web server.'.
'Returns the request body as a string.'.
'expression : NAME'.
'Returns the Determine value for the given table name that is greater than DCNL
'*musicpd.org, connection section:* DCNL ``command_list`
'Get and return all IAM role details starting at the optional path.
'Get preferred encoding.'.
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Get the module data from the given file.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid get'.
'Output function. DCNL Args: DCNL data (dict): The dictionary
'Ensure that a bridge is absent. DCNL name DCNL The name
'Test that mkt locale is not in django translation files.'.
'Parse the usage section into a dictionary.'.
'Returns a list of all sharing strategy names.'.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Run a shell command and return the exit value.'.
'Save the configuration to disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Unpack a zip file into a directory structure.'.
'Executes the given function on the given objects.
'Stop the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a PostgreSQL user.
'Normalizes a formset into a form set with a list of form DCNL attributes
'Format a time delta in a human readable way.'.
'Returns a string identifying the currently logged-in user.'.
'Computes the signature for a message.
'Return file information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resizes a wx.Image from a wx.Bitmap.'.
'Returns a list of tuples (name, value) for each file in the DCN
'Return a conn object for the passed VM data'.
'Create an instance of the GAX logging API.'.
'Attach a json statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'Returns a list of points for a given harrisim.'.
'Decrypt `data` with `key` and `enc_iv`.'.
'Test initdb.'.
'Upgrades a bill for a given number of valide days.'.
'Get the size of a Finder window for folder to display.'.
'Set the given properties on an ImageMember object and update it.'.
'Remove slave zones from service.'.
'init_declarator_list : init_declarator'.
'Test to_idict.'.
'Returns information about the virtual machine monitoring.
'Run a command in a directory.
'Iterate over all files under \'dst\' that are considered a Windows platform.
'Computes the clustering of a distance matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL matrix
'Create a new basedir if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a random number.'.
'Select channels in inverse operator.'.
'Group delete'.
'Returns the type of the statement. DCNL Args: DCNL t:
'Generate a random string with colors.'.
'Converts a code object to a file object.'.
'Determine if a phone number can be internedallydialled.
'Computes polynomial LCM of two polynomials in `K[X]`.
'Delete a namespace or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return True if your image can be loaded.'.
'Start the specified service on the rest_sample DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Get the points from the path.'.
'Test that caplog doesn\'t exist'.
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL quote(s) -> string DC
'Returns the largest number among k elements. DCNL Arguments: DCNL k
'Read the contents of the file at the specified location.
'The main function.'.
'Returns the location of the dropbox folder.'.
'Test default task loading.'.
'Converts a Python value to a Template object.
'Computes the Chebyshev distance.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled to start on boot DCNL name DC
'Convert a POSIX-like format string to a POSIX-like DCNL
'Test GAS supplemental opcode.'.
'Select a node from a set of nodes.
'Returns the time format according to the locale\'s locale.
'Extract valid arguments from function\'s arguments. DCNL Args: DCNL
'{% showifcached %} DCNL Show the contents of the current page DCN
'Return a JSON-compatible representation of a user\'s event.
'Store templates and contexts that are rendered.'.
'Create a test builder from the app\'s configuration.'.
'hexbin(infilename, outfilename) DCNL Decode binhexed file
'Invert monoms. DCNL Parameters DCNL p1 : dict DC
'http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd0w
' plus-dm'.
'Get all Python source files.'.
'Parse the response for asynchronous operations.
'A factory for creating SSL sockets.
'Handler for qute-help. DCNL :param url: The URL to
'Returns all roles'.
'Get index values for contrasts.'.
'Returns a dictionary of all platform information.'.
'Return a list of paths relative to the given resource.'.
'Returns an iterator over all example filenames in the given example directory.'.
'Flatten a list. DCNL :param a_list: A list of
'Returns the number of cells in a inline admin form.'.
'Get the full path to a theme from its parent directory. DCNL :param
'Validates image values.'.
'Create and return an instance of the class loader.'.
'Finds and returns the dumb path for the given preferences.'.
'Test normal distribution. DCNL Parameters DCNL resids : ndarray DCN
'Return True if the terminal supports color'.
'Setup the systemmonitor sensor.'.
'Get all repository metadata records for the specified changeset_revision.'.
'Create a new thread to connect to the given conn.'.
'Parse a string into an expat object.
'Return a test suite.'.
'Log request headers.'.
'Computes the L21 norm of a matrix.
'Install pyenv DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Moves a file or directory DCNL :param source: Path of file DC
'Run the pa11cycles tests.'.
'Create a pool DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL Returns: The quoted string, with
'Exit with parsing error.'.
'Subroutine to create a simple form entry.
'Coerce string to unicode.'.
'Returns a set of imported files for the given path.'.
'Apply the functions in the tokens.'.
'Creates a graph to store key-value pairs.'.
'Unfollow a thread. DCNL Arguments: DCNL course_id:
'Multiply a number by two.'.
'Create a deep copy of the contour components.'.
'Get a security groupid from the provider'.
'Return a configuration option list.'.
'Return the truncated tetrahedron graph.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Computes the counts of elements x in v.'.
'Link to a Bokeh Github pull request.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Unmounts the filesystem.
'Return a line of length n with alpha chars.'.
'Test that the network masking layer works as expected'.
'Convert the xml element.'.
'Publishes an exploration. DCNL :param exploration_id: DCNL
'Setup the Fire TV devices.'.
'Returns the date of the e-mail address as a string.'.
'Converts a raw password to a dictionary. DCNL :param password: DC
'Set the mode of the console to \'mode\'.
'Generate the mac address for a poisoning report.'.
'Detects if the given code is likely to be a string of the form DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Test find_module'.
'>> close_first <fn> DCNL close_first <fn> DC
'Prompts the user for input and returns the DCNL object of coerce_fn
'Returns a random integer value within the specified range.
'Convert cell references in A1 notation to A2 notation.
'Removes a handshake from the terminal. DCNL :param capfile: Path
'Returns a status dict for the given engine.'.
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL `` rm {
'Create test index.'.
'Run non-shared migration. DCNL Args: DCNL disks: dict
'Parse an expression. DCNL :param expression: DCNL :param expression
' timesuntil(d, now=None) -> datetime.timeuntil DCNL
'Return SQLAlchemy sessionmaker.'.
'Return True if the given directory is in the exclude list.'.
'Get all public certificates. DCNL Args: DCNL deadline: datetime.
'Download the corpus from the given resource path.
'Get the absolute path of a plugin media file.'.
'Converts an exml object into a dictionary of identifier, vals, regions, keywords
'Set a namespace for the request.
'Creates a snapshot name for a volume.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type capture: bool DCNL :
'Extract PyOpenSSL-backed connection pool information from PyOpenSSL-backed
'set the obey_over18 flag'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Iterate over all values in a list. DCNL :param thelist:
'Creates a directory. DCNL Args: DCNL path (str):
'Given a valid config, update the ACL for a bucket.
'Return the number of hours in an integer.'.
' footprint(object) -> int DCNL Returns: DCNL number of
'Sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response.'.
'Helper for replace_arg. DCNL Replace all occurrences of arg with tvars
' Trigger a build. DCNL :param project: The project to trigger build.
'Returns the nonce key for the given server URL and timestamp.'.
'Builds the list of arguments to install the package.'.
'Checks whether user can manage ACL for project.'.
'Get frequency base. DCNL Arguments: DCNL freqgroup. fr_
'Generates a random colour in the future and returns it. DCNL Args:
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Returns a list of top rated exploration summary domain objects.'.
'Creates a socket object from a pair of parameters.
'Build a logger object to log messages.'.
'Get the host for a replication group.
'Apply a function to a decorator.'.
'Returns a full url to the GitHub API server.'.
'Efficiently scale an individual. DCNL :param individual: DCN
'Returns the URL for the given argument.
'Get frequency code and stride from string. DCNL Args: DCNL freq
'Searches for a media type.'.
'Returns a SQL string representation of the given object.'.
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.
'Convert exception to a pickleable representation.'.
'Skip the test if selection is not supported.'.
'Computes the dot product of two vectors.
'Check localization strings. DCNL Args: DCNL logical_line:
'Get the poster for a video. DCNL :param video: The video to
'Get the two-line local dictionary for the current thread.'.
'Assert that two URLs are equal.
'Check to see if extra requirements are available.
'Get backend for filename.'.
'Convert unicode string to utf-8 if available.'.
'List all source files bound to a zone DCNL.
'Compare revisions. DCNL :param document_slug: The slug of the document
'Return True if two points are disjoint in ``M``.'.
'Creates a new generate for the given kind.'.
'Patched emr_conn.list_steps.'.
'Adds a certificate exception to the specified course.
'Setup the transmission switch.'.
'Initialize the output socket.'.
'Convert an index to a polynomial. DCNL Parameters DCNL coeffs : array
'Get resource limits.'.
'Create a pyo.sndtable object from a pyo file DCNL
'If value is a scalar, return that scalar.
'Setup the Wink platform.'.
'Computes the SMOA for a single period of time'.
'expr : expr LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Get auto login status DCNL
'Replace :func:`copyfileobj` with :func:`copyfileobj`.'.
'Test that we can read the YAML document and generate the HTML.'.
'If the host is not in \'ssl\' and is not in \'ssl
'Adds a product to a store.
'Check whether mayavi is installed and correct version. DCNL :param min_
'Get app remote urls.'.
'Main program for projections line and circle projects.'.
'Returns the default time zone.'.
'Returns a string representation of a datetimetostring object.
'If the two objects are not equal, returns a boolean indicating whether they DCNL
'Get the point if it is crossing inside a pair of points.'.
'Set the value of a system property DCNL :param key: The name of
'Returns a list of the records that contain the given field DCNL :param table
'Get the default logging handler.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements and indexes for the given app.'.
'Loads an image from caffe and returns it as a numpy array DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get the padding type for the output layer.'.
'Return a list of paths to config directories.'.
'test_get_init()'.
'Return the complement sequence of nucleotide strings.'.
'Convert expiration to seconds. DCNL :param expiration: DCNL :type
'Assert that AWS environment variables are set properly.'.
'Disconnect the current user.'.
' trigger scheduler event for all sites'.
'Unpacks a directory. DCNL :param filename: DCNL :
'Generates a new verification key.
'Set OS information'.
'Returns True if the message should be kept.'.
'Returns the largest element in the stack.'.
'Converts a value to a string using the given encoder.'.
'This function initializes the metric module.'.
'Returns the angle in degrees for a rotation matrix.
'Waits for a job to be ready to run.
'Returns a 2D tensor containing the sample from ``f`` DCNL ``
'Compare a pair of brackets. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str
'Run coverage test'.
'Revoke all privileges to a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a certificate request object from a PEM text string.'.
'Adds a line prefix to a string.'.
'Create private networks DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns (intpart, fraction, expo) where expo is the number of
'Return package version.'.
'Evaluates a condition.'.
'Check if readline is available.'.
'Return the path to the directory containing the mock data.'.
'Given a year, month, dayofweek, return the datetime object corresponding to the
'Return the value of the version.'.
'Opens a log file.
'Calculates the timestamp of the current month. DCNL :param t:
'Register a function as a hook.'.
'Test to see if the screen size can be detected.'.
'Write out_table to outpath as HTML file.'.
'Finds the maximum daily commits in the contributions calendar.'.
'Returns the function object corresponding to `spec`'.
'Make sure that we can make sure that we can make sure that we get the right
'Sets the virtual machine path.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Run the fetch command DCNL
'Add an OAuth access token to the file.'.
'Get current context locale.
'Get marker parameter from dict.'.
'Convert a shape to a GeoJSON geometry.
'Run the tac function.'.
'Computes the log mean of an exponential function.
'Set the current version of the LETF interpreter to the given version.'.
'Return minimum distance between two points.'.
'Returns a colorized string describing the penalties.'.
'SetSubtensor(x, y, elemwise=False) -> x DCN
'Builds ad group operations. DCNL :param adgroup_operations: list
'Returns True if the profile should be sent own updates.'.
'Initialize the viewer. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset : str DCNL
'Run binscope on a sample. DCNL sample: string DCNL signature
'Run Ninja.'.
'Returns the field for the specified review request field.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.date.
'Returns a list of play(s) from a JSON file.'.
'List policies associated with a role.
'Sends a JSON inventory to the API.
'Run the test case and return its exit code.'.
'Converts a title to a URL. DCNL :param title: The title
'Processes an email. DCNL :param message: DCNL :param
'makekickstartfloppy(kickstart, preseed) DCN
'Resolve a path to a relative path. DCNL :param path: Path to
':param phenny: The name of the document DCNL :param phen
'Join a channel.'.
'build motion_params, comp_norm, outliers DCNL motion_params
'Returns True if the given verbosity is on.'.
'Count the words in a collection of documents. DCNL :param documents: a
'Return the feincms breadcrumbs for this page.'.
'Return the id of the user'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Test that the password strength is set correctly.'.
'Run the network and write the result to the writer DCNL :param network:
':param transport: DCNL :return:'.
'Authenticate using the provided credentials. DCNL :param endpoint: DCNL
'Get project directory for translation file.'.
'Write fasta sequence to file DCNL fasta_seq: string DCNL fasta
'helper function to generate random choice DCNL Args: DCNL random_state
'>>> pylong_join([\'a\', \'b\', \
'Mean square. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : float DCN
'A view that redirects all requests to the given URL.'.
'Mock the event notification method.'.
'Print the result of a query.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Find the storage repository for a VBD.'.
'Encode a block. DCNL Args: DCNL payload: The block to
'Returns a list of file extensions that are synonyms.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if the system has the isoinfo tool, False otherwise.'.
'Load user configuration.'.
'Return a predicate indicating whether *value* is equal to zero.'.
'Get the user\'s home directory.'.
'Only load if requests is installed'.
'abort() should raise an exception when called'.
'Escapes a filename if necessary.'.
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Print out all methods of a class.
'Get a database connection.'.
'Computes the exponential of a in ``n``.
'Print a string to stdout.'.
'Get current Zonecode value DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fetches information of a certain network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Wraps the sql in a query that returns a clause like: DCNL
'Test to make sure the WCS map is correctly mapped to DCNL pixel coordinates
'Get MAC address. DCNL :param mac: DCNL :param for
'A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.'.
'Updates all image ids to ids.'.
'Returns True if the command is in the PATH, False otherwise.'.
'Given a function name describe its properties.
'Parse a code string into a AST tree.
'Return a relative path to `config` or `make` if it\'s not
'Calculates the mean of all the elements in a list.'.
'List members of the configured load-balancer DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a list of table names.'.
'Create a `Sort` from a list of strings.
'Returns a string representation of an HTTP request.
'Remove a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add the thread-specific arguments to the argparse parser.'.
'Returns true if the user has access to this node.'.
'Return a list of all installed solvers.'.
'Provides data for the admin dashboard section.'.
'Downscale image. DCNL Parameters DCNL images : ndarray DCNL
'Signal handler for control-c.'.
'helper method to determine the node object for the given resource. DCNL :param
'Return a list of all path directories on the system.'.
'Return a pickled exception from the given exception.'.
'Get the version from the given init file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get the number of bezier points.'.
'Test chart rendering with no data'.
'Returns the full url to the given port.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Signal handler for handling ping-external URLs.'.
'Run the finder function when the given package is imported.'.
'Returns the pillars modules'.
'Remove prefix from VBD device.'.
'Add bootstrap class to a form field.'.
'Replace any template placeholder patterns in text with the value of DCNL ``text`
'Delete Cloud Load Balancers'.
'Create and drop the database.'.
'Check for \'not(A)\' and \'not(B)\'
'Add author to original addon.'.
'Print an exception message.'.
'Updates a counter. DCNL :param name: DCNL :param id
'Make a call that returns multiple times.'.
'Start the development server. DCNL :rtype: bool'.
' instantiates and returns a deferred that will be called with an error back.'.
'Assigns a distance matrix to each element of a list of individuals.'.
'Returns a human-readable representation of an instance and an ordered dictionary.'.
'Returns True if the given URL is from the given spider.'.
'Parse the arguments and keyword arguments.
'Marks a function as wrapped with the given assigned and updated assignments.
'Sets the current environment namespace DCNL :param namespace: DCNL :param
'Converts a string into a slice object.'.
'Wrapper around __proxy__ and call __proxy__ if not available.'.
'Returns a copy of obj_a with all elements that are present in obj_b
'Get the navigation line.'.
'Get the word.'.
':param message: DCNL :type message: Message object DCNL :param
'Iterate over all style files in a directory.'.
'Create an IP object for an Ethernet MAC address. DCNL :param opcode:
'check to make sure add_positions works properly'.
'Helper function for handling API payloads that are nested DCNL :param payload:
'Validates a locale.'.
'Polynomial pseudo-remainder in ``K[X]``.
'Remove a directory. DCNL :param path: Path to directory DCNL
'Escapes a string for use in a shell.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Returns True if *title* contains anyfeat.'.
'Track the total memory usage of a process.
'Load a certificate request from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type
'Show information about an instance.
'Extract the major, minor, build, sn from the response data.'.
'Test either if an error is raised with non-sum-one elements.'.
'Prints out the details of a particular runner.'.
'Unparse URL components. DCNL :param components: DCNL :param
'Test the authentication process. DCNL :param host: string DCNL :
'Returns the number of non-printable characters in a string.'.
'Run command and raise SystemExit if it fails.'.
':param ws: ws.path DCNL :type ws: cloudbot.
'Create a Context object from a request.
'Get the values of all nodes in the cluster.'.
'Build postprocessors for Markdown.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Returns the odds of a number. DCNL Parameters DCNL p :
'Send a named query to the user.'.
'Converts request.method to request.verb.'.
'Returns the response for the requested HTTP method. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns a list of strings representing the current branch.'.
'Return a colorized string. DCNL :param text: DCNL :
'Get keyboard shortcut value.'.
'Convert a template to a URL.'.
'Converts request.method to request.post.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sign data with a digest. DCNL :param pkey: Pkey to sign
'Parses a set of options and returns a dictionary DCNL with keys and values
'Generate a request. DCNL :param opnum: op number DCNL
'ax1 is the first axis, axes2 is the second axis, DCNL
'Make sure AST can compile validcut'.
'Returns the size of the network.'.
'tests that we find numbers with numbers'.
'List all the datacenters for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Get new repository.'.
'Recursively walks through all subclasses of a class.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'yaml: file-param DCNL A file parameter.
'Returns the number of characters required to display the given string.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Get the size of the file.
'API: accepts output'.
'Disable the site.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
'A debug function. DCNL Args: DCNL parser: The parser to
'Setup the homematic platform.'.
'Return a copy of the original dictionary without keys that aren\'t in DCNL
'Run pre-init hooks for submodules.'.
'Returns True if input_string is a float, False otherwise.'.
'Resolve a URL to a target.
'Returns a string suitable for use as a password in a postgres user.
'Pads a list to a length n.
'Test either if a value is a test value within a given DCNL range.
'Resolve a workflow from the deployment directory.
'Collect attributes from all containers. DCNL :param attributes: DCNL :
'Fixes osmesa_gl_lib environment variable.'.
'The main program.'.
'Returns True if all of the models in model_queue are allowed to be DCN
'Checks if a value is a valid email.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Parses a string containing a union DCNL :param page: The string to
'Creates a new paste.'.
'Start the console. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Returns a list of all cohorts for the given course.
'Return proxy connection details DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A context manager that acquires a lock on a file.
'Subtract an elementwise scalar.'.
' bootstrap(value, distr) DCNL Parameters DCNL value : float
'Remove a file from the filesystem DCNL :param path: Path to the file
'Builds and returns the date from the API as a string.'.
'Test service provider base manager'.
'Returns the package database modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encode the object input and return a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Assert that the commit is serialized correctly.'.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Return True if ``at`` isambiguous.'.
'Format block device mappings. DCNL :param properties: dict DCNL :
'Patch all known patches. DCNL :param socket: DCNL :return
'Enable VPN.
'A decorator that dedents a function if it is not a method or method DCN
'Returns True if the audience policy applies to the current request.'.
'Searches for a volume by LUN.'.
'Extract the first ipv4 address from the ipv4 grain'.
'Calculates the mean longitude of a perigee from a Julian date.
'Resize a logical volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the name of a link, if it exists, None otherwise.'.
'Calculates the square root of a and b.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the path of the null script catalog.'.
'Set CORS headers on the response.'.
'Create output directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'A simple template with only one config parameter.'.
'Adds a message if the user\'s password is not empty.'.
'Determine if the Fernet key repository is empty or not.'.
'Download the contents of a file.
'Returns the number of tokens that are suppressed in the given list.'.
'solves ``f(x)`` with ``symbol`` and ``g
'Language: fr -> sucess: xss'.
'List all the interfaces of a server.'.
'Download a log file as a zip file.'.
'Returns the email address for GitHub.'.
'Enable \'updates tests for the given distribution.'.
'Return True if the named package is available.'.
'Check to see if RVM is available.'.
'Compute ``f*x`` where ``f`` and ``x``
'Unpack the tag from the repository.'.
'Format a number as a human-readable string.'.
'Stashes config values.'.
'Permutes an array according to its permutation.'.
'pprint a column with no cameless.'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'Draw a rectangle around the bounding box of an artist.
'Wraps a gcode linear move text.'.
'Reset the module to its initial state.'.
'Return True if the target is newer than the source.'.
'Check to make sure the current user is the root user.'.
'Remove a host from the known_hosts file.
'Returns True if provided string is an IPv4 address.'.
'Return the name of a column.
'Checks if the header contains a valid header value.
'Displays the about page.'.
'Color triple. DCNL :param color: DCNL :type color:
'Returns a generator of (key, value, node_id) for the given file
'Returns a list of payload names that can run a given shell. DCNL :
'Get a slice of items according to the requested marker.
'Return True if this is a smpl, False otherwise.'.
'Run shell code from raw_bytes and return the result as a string.'.
'Get the RRD XML document for a VM.'.
'Uploads the project to the rsync server.'.
'Return True if the point is after the point.'.
'Get a gcode file for a gcode file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Add the platform-specific directory to sys.path.'.
'Get all SM volumes.'.
'Builds a service instance with the specified jid and password.'.
'*musicpd.org, connection section:* DCNL `` quit`` DC
'Get pack from pack table by pack ref'.
'Return a list of all files under \'path\' that match the expression.
'Unescape special characters in a string. DCNL :param entities: DCN
'Get network I/O statistics from procfs DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Check to see if the current request has an associated site theme.'.
'Check that dependencies are available.'.
'Get a paginated list of objects.'.
'A simple wrapper around tubes.process.process.process.
'Converts a country/region/ city result to a tuple of country, DCN
'Sends the email when a password reset is detected. DCNL :param user
':type text: str DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Return True if all font families are valid, else False.'.
'<text> -- Makes <text> a choice between <text> and DCN
'Set module to persistent state DCNL mod : string DCNL Name of module
'Return a list of all.pyc files.'.
'Validates an email address. DCNL Arguments: DCNL e.g
'Return True if all the files in the given path exist, False otherwise.'.
'Return data to a Cyassa data store DCNL :param ret:
'Returns True if input is a list of ints, False otherwise.'.
'Check if record1 and record2 are pair-like.
'Returns the class object for the given check.'.
'Returns the class alias from the cache or raises an exception if it can\'t be
'Determine if the user is in interactive mode.'.
'Perform any global post-test teardown. DCNL :param old_config:
'Get width and height of console DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new RSA key. DCNL Arguments: DCNL RSA key (
'Generates a generalized integer.'.
'Send an email to admins when the document is complete.'.
'Prettify the output of a command like \'print(expr)\'
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Get current crop geometry. DCNL.
'Looks to see if fmdump is present on the system'.
'Returns the protocol string used to connect to the configured VM.'.
'Returns a tile key string.'.
'Return the log of the uniform distribution between low and high.'.
'Return secret from secret file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str
'Converts a Message model to a feedbackMessage object.
'Returns the value of a single lumination change label int.
'The pprint for the super object.'.
'Creates a query string to query the privileges list. DCNL :param name
'Rename a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Get a logger with the given name.'.
'Disconnect all receivers connected to this signal.
'convert s to float or raise'.
'Get search results.'.
'Save image to disk DCNL Parameters DCNL img : str DCNL
'Start the scheduler'.
'Returns a list of messages extracted from the file at path.'.
'Returns True if any of the headers have the given name, else False.'.
'Check for resource cleanup.'.
'Get all volumes attached to a project.'.
'Convert zero indexed row/col notation to cell notation.
'Load data from fixtures. DCNL Args: DCNL settings_module:
'Parse the next magic comment from the given file-like object.
'Adds the name of the given level to the _nametolevel.'.
'Extracts a list of strings from a list of strings.
'Decode a file system path.'.
'Attach private projects to each object of the queryset.
'Print result page'.
'Return source string prepared to be used as a realm pattern.'.
'Test resize_promo_img() DCNL resize_promo_img
'Return the angle between t and b given the angle c and d.'.
'Add an array at index ind with values vals.'.
'The main logic of check_async. DCNL :param paths: DCN
'Return True if name is a legal base name for a resource.'.
'Task add'.
'Tries to guess which blocks are available from each other.
'Takes an element or a tree and a content handler and returns a new DCN
'Get a machine by name from the virtualbox hypervisor DCNL CLI Example: DC
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can operate on
'Get a list of drivers.'.
'Returns an iterator of nodes with the highest saturation.'.
'Returns True if the current function is working.'.
'Builds a filter from a list of parts.'.
'f4(t) -> int DCNL print(t) DCNL
'Connect to InfluxDB and write points.'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.ratingProperty``.'.
'Finalize process. DCNL :param proc: Process instance DCNL :
'Returns a hex string representation of an integer.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Displays the state of the DAG run.
'Return the hardware address for a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Executes pshell command and returns the output as a dictionary'.
' postbuildstatic hook.'.
'Returns a new condition that checks if the condition is met.'.
'Returns a string containing the contents of the template DCNL ``file_name`
'Unlock file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str): File
'Returns the contact type of a user'.
'Wipe the device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Restart all HTTPD listeners.'.
'Retrieves all nodes from the cluster. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Returns the location marked as published.'.
'Register a tensor specialize function.
'Returns the URL of the external asset.'.
'Test that "Brain Vhdr" can be read withlatin1 units.'.
'Test read_morph_maps.'.
'Read double from bti file.'.
'Make sure the user\'s home directory is safe to use.
'Deletes an image. async version'.
'Moves a gcode linear move file.'.
'initialise module'.
'Test quadratic interpolation'.
'Multi-and-reduce of two-dimensional FFT matrices.
'Create a new user.'.
'Computes the elementwise elementwise elementwise polynomial expansion of ``x``.
'Replaces whitespace character (\' \') with a single space.'.
'Plot the images together.'.
'Generate a repository. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt myminion
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Reorder entries in topological order. DCNL :param entries: DCN
'Find all the distributions in a zip file.'.
'Test the fit sample routine with knn'.
'Creates a tensor shared variable with the same arguments as the DCNL input.
'Make sure the oslo_config options contains a value in make.conf DCN
'View entries.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the file attachment comments.'.
'The real sign implementation.'.
'The default math function.'.
'Return cluster depths as a nested dictionary.'.
'Create and return a Pyramid application object.'.
'>>> crypt(data, key) DCNL (\'a\', \
'Returns the correct LSA class for a given payload'.
'Start theengines.'.
'Register a new verb. DCNL :param verb: verb instance DCNL
'Disable the system to disk. DCNL :returns: **bool**'.
'Returns the contents of the given credentials file.
'Convert an IP address from binary form into textual form. DCNL.
'Deploy the application to the running jboss instance.
'Test global configuration'.
'Convert hex string to utf-8 encoded string.'.
'Load all CSS templates'.
'Get the set of fields that can be initializable from the comment.'.
'Migrate resource table. DCNL :param conn: sqlalchemy.orm.Table
'Returns the current revision number of the build.
'Return a list of all directories on the master DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Remove all logs from the buffer.'.
'Get the deployment ID of the app controller.
'Test updating the last_sync_revision of a unit.'.
'Split an array into multiple sub arrays.
'Returns the reverselexed Unicode string.'.
'Delete a file if it does not exist.'.
'Parse HTML. DCNL :param path: Path to HTML DCNL :
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Returns the path to the user\'s home directory.'.
'Run a bare WSGI application.'.
'Displays an action. DCNL Args: DCNL parser: The parser
'A generator for groups of significance rows.'.
'Back up all filters.'.
'Return a string with dashes. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type git_bin: string DCN
'Parse a string and return a tuple of name, pyhead, and list of members
'ItemField add'.
'Get matrix Tetragrid from xmlElement.'.
'Patches all functions in the specified module.
'Setup oslo_messaging component.'.
'Run a check. DCNL :param name: Check name DCNL :
'Clears out the installed samples.'.
' raise_comma_match(line) -> (line, column) DCNL
'Get a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Get vmodl type by name'.
'Check if a lock exists.'.
'Fetches a stream from a URL.
'Error Page. DCNL Templates: :template:`500.html` DC
'Returns a list of xblocks that are accessible to this course.
'Run a single RIT test and return the output and errors DCNL along with
'Compute an obl-cv sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL m :
'Create and return an OptionGroup object from a dict.'.
'Displays a list of permissions for a particular page.'.
'Return the checksum of the minion'.
'Expands the dimensions of a tensor along the given axis.
'Deletes the calendar from the database.'.
'Get product information. DCNL :param item_code: DCNL :
'Format a warning message with the given parameters.'.
'A context manager that acquires a lock on a directory.
'Helper function to determine the pickle module.'.
'Create a Doc object from the given vocab.'.
'Returns a random number. DCNL :type type: string DCNL :
'Translates a set of points DCNL d: set of points DCN
'Returns an iterator over serial ports.'.
'Called after building the site.'.
'Returns a connection object to the given address.
'Destroy a reservation or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Create and initialize a stylesheet for the current profile.'.
'Read reject parameters from file. DCNL Parameters DCNL fname : str DC
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL Returns: DCNL unquoted
'match(s,n) -> (s, n) DCNL match(
'Get the modification time of a file.'.
'Read size bytes from fp and return them as a string. DCNL :param
'numlist : list_item DCNL | list_item'.
'Computes the gradient of ``f`` with respect to ``v``.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Upload the tarball to the site-packages DCNL Args: DCNL dist
'Default error handler. DCNL :param error: DCNL :param error
'Check if the named service is enabled to start at boot DCNL CLI Example:
'Read a string'.
'Remove one or more logical volume.
'Validates a JSON value according to the JSON schema.'.
' require <type> -- require <type> -- require <type> -- require <
'Add a task to a queue.
'Load certificates from a directory. DCNL :param directorypath: Path to directory
'Get layer by name. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DCN
'\'a2i\',3,2 --> None DCNL >>> b_decode
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Determine if the device class is available.'.
'Returns a symbolic function.
'Run tests.'.
'Replace search_fields with new_search_fields.'.
'Return a simplifyed tree from the given parser_return.'.
'Loads a config file and returns it as a dictionary.'.
'Get Netgeardevicescan scanner.'.
'Create file if needed.'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys \'name\', \'value\', \'
'Main entry-point. DCNL Args: DCNL source_font_
'Write a file to the admin directory DCNL :param email: DCNL
'Format a final exception line.'.
'Initialize Enforcer. DCNL Args: DCNL policy_file (
'Stochastic model anal. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Return a key-value pair from a key-value pair.'.
'Returns a list of all recently published exploration summaries.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Create a new Index from a search_service_pb.IndexMetadata.'.
'Return a list of slot times for a given time period.'.
'Load a Model. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DCNL
'Helper function to check crontab environment variables DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Play media list item. DCNL.
'Set the version.'.
'Returns True if the named service is not available.'.
'Get tricomplex matrix.'.
'Returns the width of a column of text.
'Return True if the file looks like it may be a tool XML file.'.
'Import all the modules under the given topdir and DCNL return a list of
'Test time chart'.
'Check for extraneous whitespace.'.
'Deletes items from memcache.
'Deletes all the given pages, but does not delete any more than DCNL
'Resizes the image.'.
'Get the path. DCNL Parameters DCNL hatchpattern : array DC
'Returns a list of blockers for the given user.'.
'Updates the list of known symlinks.'.
'Test whether the raw data contains any events.'.
'Returns a list of all the plugin classes that are available on the current DCNL
'Returns the next url based on the POST data'.
'Get metadata about a blob from the datastore.
'Returns a list of page where the user can change settings.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Split a flag string. DCNL :param s: split string DCNL
'vote a user. DCNL :param parser: DCNL :return:
'Convert a numeric value to its textual representation. DCNL :param value:
'get_xdg_dir() should reload XDG_DIR'.
'Computes the log difference between two arrays.
'Raise an exception if the context is not an administrator.'.
'Test that GI2 is able to load the repository.'.
'Create an API call.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Remove the backend session key from the
'Given a list of regions, return a list of all the regions in that list.
'Tidies a string into a lowercase string.'.
'Copy all the files under \'source\' to \'dest\'.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Report screen name'.
'Test installing an editable package from a URL.'.
'Delete manifestation. DCNL :param NodeState: DCNL :param
'Recursively walk all JS scopes in the given scope. DCNL :param lpath
'Parse a string containing a YAML environment.
'Adds some useful headers to the given HttpResponse object.
'Set neighbor out_filter for given ip address.'.
'Computes the LCM of two numbers.'.
'if we have a scalar, convert to a scalar and return the DCNL values
'Determine if the point in the loop is in the point table.'.
'Get the pillar cache DCNL minion_id DCNL min
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Sets up the version database for live models.'.
'Add a server to a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Lock a document. DCNL Args: DCNL doc_id: document
'Post an e-mail database. DCNL :param db: The database to
'running all apps, but lettuceavoids are not run'.
'Convert images to an example.
'>>> test_try_except_ regression() DCNL 1 DCNL
' restrict forward to stc.'.
'A case-insensitive file upload view.'.
'Returns a list of edges from v to e.'.
'Computes the spline of a Gaussian distribution. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Generate sparse matrix triples from a CSR matrix.'.
'Findskips in a directory.
'Return True if the given node is decorated with a DCNL :class:`
'Returns an array with all rows that are not null.'.
'Yield egg or source distribution objects for a URL.'.
'Creates a new Vwheel. DCNL Args: DCNL name:
'Get a cluster from a datacenter.
'Find a guest by name.
'Set \'location\' option.'.
'Get all instances types.'.
'Clears all sessions. DCNL :param max_date: DCNL
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path: Path
'Get transform matrix rotation matrix.'.
'Convert text into a numeric value. DCNL :param text: The text to
' disconnect all signals on Entry model.'.
'Wait for a list of spot instance requests to finish.
'Return the hash of a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prints the usage of this script.'.
'Download an image from GitHub.'.
'Get NMAP devices scanner.'.
'>> showforms DCNL Show all browser forms. DCNL Args: DC
'Usage: DCNL locattr(attrname) DCNL locattr(
'Save attachment. DCNL :param attachment: DCNL :param filepath:
'Marks a string as unsafe.'.
'Checks whether user can download changes.'.
'Indent a block of text. DCNL :param text: DCNL :
'Returns a list of lines for the given object. DCNL :param lines:
'Extracts the capabilities from a string. DCNL :param text: The text
'Returns True if the named host has a single host, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if the provided ip is public'.
'Read a plist from a file or a file-like object.
'Log the current page hit to the history.'.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Setup Vera switches.'.
'Returns a document and a fallback reason if it does not exist.'.
'Ensure process exit without successful output.'.
'Uninstalls a module. DCNL :param conf_module_name:
'Bidirectional shortest path between two nodes.
'Add deleted records to volume_type_projects table.'.
'Computes an ecdf. DCNL Parameters DCNL values : ndarray
'Lists all topics. DCNL :param max_results: The maximum number of
'Import object by name space.'.
'Fix sys.path by adding extra paths to sys.path.'.
'Adds the given flags to the existing flags.
'Creates a new node. DCNL :param args: DCNL :
'Create a cache security group.
'Split a test file name and return a tuple of the file name and DCNL
'Returns the full url for the current request.'.
'Plot the boot traces.'.
'Get the current time in seconds since the epoch.'.
'Sends a POST request.
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order.
'Wait for the process to finish.
'Return (hash, length) of a file. DCNL :param path:
'Test show verbose output withifiers.'.
'Returns a message about extra items.'.
'Release a media player object. DCNL.
'Given a list of details, combine them into a single dictionary.'.
'Convert a JSON-compatible representation to a column.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Flush the named table DCNL
'Get the size of the current terminal window.
'Convert a Windows32 timestamp to an offset in seconds. DCNL :param fil
'Render a datetime according to the given format.'.
'DETACH ACCEPT Section 9.4.12'.
'Create an image from a QImage.'.
'split(text) -> list DCNL split(text) -> string DCN
'Return a list of all system-specific scripts that are not system-specific.
'Decide whether to show documentation on a variable.
'Shows a listing of documents for a product.'.
'Get proxy info from environment variables.
'Set the modification time of a file.
'Return the path to the xtool executable'.
'Check for existing volumes. DCNL :param dataset_id: DCNL
'Executes the testdoc.'.
'Decode a string for use in a Python 2 string escape DCNL >>> _decode
'Check if the condition matches the object.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Recursively sort nodes in post order. DCNL :param node: DCNL
'Set the password for a user.
'Calculates an OAuth signature for the given data using Odnoklassn
'Pre-compute computation. DCNL See Also DCNL >>> pre_compute
'Ensure that we can tokenize strings'.
'Process the tools argument into a tuple of tool objects and a map DCNL to
'Return A record for ``host` in the nameserver.
'Returns the forecast for a location. DCNL :param location: Location of the
'Returns metadata dictionary from file name and regex.'.
'Discretize model by integrating at least one pair of points.'.
'Parses flags.'.
'Get a single artist by ID.
' ping the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get link line.'.
'Subtract an element of a polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'Puts messages to message queue and waits for messages to finish.'.
'BernlioulliVector.sample_from_conditional doesn\'t crash'.
'Context manager to temporarily add pending warnings to the logger.'.
'A thread which acquires the connection pool before the request is made.'.
'make sure that arguments are new slot'.
'Get a list of all the names of the package DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Wait until an object is ready to build.
'Format an IP address for inclusion in a human readable form.'.
'Returns True if the object is hashable.'.
'Parse a string representation of a Sudencer assignment. DCNL :param grid
'Validates all source files for Mac OS X.'.
'Waits for a machine to be connected to a network address.
'Creates a new identity.
'Return the symmetric element of an expression.'.
'Associate a profile with an instance profile.
'Connect to Amazon EC2 for the given region.
'Process the else statement.'.
'Return a list of (word, tag) tuples where tag is not a suffix.
'Generate a signed JSON Web Token.
'Get the size and properties of an image.'.
'Get a field from a SQLAlchemy model and return a tuple of DCNL columns and
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Returns a variable length int.'.
'Register an e-mail hook.
'Ensure set_source_model works as expected'.
'Load creds from creds_file.json DCNL Args: DCNL creds
'Add volume type access to project.'.
'Copy columns of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Compute the Euclidean norm of a matrix.
'Install xonshimply hook.'.
'Compute ``c*x**c`` in ``K[X]``.
'Copy the file \'src\' to \'dst\'.
'Perspective edit page'.
'Subroutine to generate a list of temp Events from a string. DCNL :
'Test PyPI XML transformation.'.
'Run daemonized code. DCNL Args: DCNL - DCNL
'Helper function to format the firewall output.'.
'Computes the cumulant of a set of moments.
'Return a tuple of size, size, percent_b, and percent_c,
'Return the canonicalized path of a path.'.
'div(a, b) -> tuple DCNL Returns: DCNL tuple
'Get a zip file containing all the selected submissions.'.
'Destroy the image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Extract the images into a numpy array.
'>>> test_swap_assignment() DCNL True DCNL >>> test
'A context manager for updating requirements that have been changed.
'Return the first argument of a cycle.'.
'Main entry-point. DCNL Args: DCNL argv (str):
'Deletes a sink.'.
'Get parent child from xpath name DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DC
'Read a sound file and return a Record object DCNL Parameters DCNL fname
'Verify that the candidate implementation implements the interface.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return the version of Open vSwitch
'Get a user from the system by name.'.
'Log compute error.'.
'Get policy information. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Returns True if the string ends with a newline.'.
'construct author2doc from corpus'.
'Return view matrix.
'Get the data from the end of a zip file.'.
'Compute the N-dimensional convolution of two vectors. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Generates an arc. DCNL Parameters DCNL x: float DCN
'Call \'un rar\' on the given parameters.'.
' basic auth'.
'Returns the number of rows to skip.
'Returns True if all digits in a phone number are exactly equal to the DCNL
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Get a sorted list of regions by name.'.
'Get a subset from a bitstring.'.
'Parse a query string and return a Python object.
'Creates a new record for resource with supplied resource_type and attributes.'.
'Validates max_staleness. DCNL :param max_stal
'Returns the status code and output of a command.'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys as values and values as keys and values as DCNL
'Import the specified file from zone to zone DCNL path DCNL The path
'Test that we can add a new tag to a model.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL traverse a dictionary and return the keys
'Generate fontconfig pattern from a dictionary.'.
'Lists all functional areas.'.
'Set hit information from qresult to hit_rows.'.
'A simple form with a label and a widget and a comment.'.
'Return line numbers of multi-line strings.
'Computes a standardized chi-square distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Test normalization of pmf histogram.'.
'Convert kwargs option to dict. DCNL :param raw_value: DCN
'Add fields to a document.
'Return a standardized name. DCNL Args: DCNL name (str
'Convert a scipy.sparse series to a scipy.sparse series DCNL Parameters DC
'Return the contents of the logs buffer.'.
'Render a single inline. DCNL Args: DCNL app_label:
'Read the configuration for a Cinder service.'.
'Iterate over all elements of getter, then call action on each element.'.
'Test platform_schema validation.'.
'Plugin factory method.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Mark state as off DCNL
'Parse arguments and return (url, filename, cookie, batch_size, kind)
'Converts a string to camel-case.'.
'Returns a function that calls fn with the given args and kwargs.'.
'Validate that ``f`` is a multivariate polynomial in ``K[X]
'Bitswap(s) -> string DCNL Return a bitswap of a string
'The manager which will be called every time a signal is sent to the DCNL
'Return a list of relationships for a package.
'Get fixed ip by host or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Set up a stream logger.
'Returns the URL for the given entry.'.
'Converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone.'.
'Parse the pattern.'.
' dispatch_hook(hook_data, **kwargs) DCNL dispatch_hook
'Compute the solarization of an image DCNL Parameters DCNL image :
'Test index dipole filtering.'.
'Convert an xml tree to a dictionary.'.
'Returns the xl_range_abs(sheetname, first_row, last_
'A generator that yields each task in the list of tasks that have been DCNL
'Test IO layout lout'.
'Write theme.xml.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the config file DCNL :param key:
'Change the uid for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return an iterator over all whitespace around the operator in the logical line.'.
'Show details of a name.'.
'Enable the named source to start on boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Computes the mean of the elements in a list.
'Update global settings.'.
'Send email with invoice link after payment'.
'Serialize object to JSON string.'.
'Returns auth info. DCNL :param encoded_info: DCNL :
'Send email after import task'.
'Setup all available finance devices.'.
'Get an ANSI color style. DCNL :param style: DCNL
'Format a slice. DCNL Parameters DCNL key_val : int DC
'Expand IPv6 address. DCNL :param address: DCNL :param
'Returns the year of the project for the given `project_id`. DCNL
'Require the test to depend on the current app.'.
'A generator which yields tuples of (start, end, string) for each language.
'Create a TLS context.'.
'Show the number of recent tweets that a user has posted.'.
'Get the top directory of the file. DCNL Args: DCNL top
'Given a valid config, update the CORS rules for a bucket.
'Returns string with currency and fraction in words. DCNL :param number: Number
'A task that raises an error in the worker process.'.
'Sends a new set of translations.'.
'Delete an API. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Returns the UTC milliseconds from the given time zone.'.
'Returns a debug representation of an object.'.
'Returns the contents of the file at the specified URL.'.
'Run pylint on a Python file.'.
'const_map_item : const_map_item DCNL | const_
'Lists a credential for a tenant'.
'Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable, False otherwise.'.
'Returns True if there are any reboot tasks that require a reboot.'.
'Unescape characters in text. DCNL >>> unescape(\'foo\') DC
'Register a function to be called when the process exits.'.
'If the only argument is a scalar, cast it to DCNL other types.
'Generate a new ID. DCNL :param length: The length of the ID
'yaml: fingerprint DCNL Execute fingerprint. DCNL :param string name:
'Sends HEAD request and returns response. DCNL :param uri: URI to
'Recursively walk a directory and return the paths of all files.'.
'Returns the default locale for the given object.'.
'Callback for change of quota size.'.
'Remove quota volume. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get all repository dependencies.'.
'Safely gets the host from the request.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Returns the info for a given collection.'.
'Read in node data from log file and build dictionary. DCNL :param logfile
'Return True if the file has at least one of the given words.'.
'Evaluates the old assump.'.
'Start the debugger. DCNL Parameters DCNL rpchloader : object DC
'Find the platform and atomic group name for a host label.
'Get the properties of a managed object.
'Returns a list of search clients.
'Get vector graphics for a gcode file.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns True if the given string does not contain a key in the dictionary.'.
'Get the history of a particular codet. DCNL :param acid:
'Returns a filename with the given suffix.'.
'Handle the "where should I go next?" part of comment views.
'Parse a version string into a PEP 386-compliant version number.
'Return triangles for the given graph creation sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL creation
'Prints the current error message to the user.'.
'Escape a string for inclusion in a document.'.
'Returns True if all filters are valid.'.
'Return a human-readable string representation of seconds.'.
'Get all datasources. DCNL :param shared_env_h: The
' fastfn(vals, mode=None, model=None) DCNL Create
'Optimize an angle. DCNL Args: DCNL Angle: DC
'Resource Header for fire events'.
'Creates a model dict based on the resource type name and properties target.'.
'Generate a secure key.'.
'Computes the log of the sum of logistic regression.
'Redirect to the file\'s canonical time.'.
'Creates a random binary DBM.
'Returns a function that returns the list of known shells.
'Returns the end position of a string that starts with \'x\' or \'
'Convert name value to dictionary. DCNL :param content: DCNL :
'Application error handler.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the value of a config property
'Test that we can locate a single app.'.
'Returns (codename, name) for all permissions.'.
'A simple view that returns the origin.'.
'Check for BCS lengths in header. DCNL Args: DCNL header
'Queue writer. DCNL :param queue: DCNL :return:'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the value of a property in
'Reset the builtins directory to the default directory.'.
'puts() should print None output'.
'Takes a dict and returns a copy of that dict DCNL with the traceback
'Returns the checksum for the given string.'.
'Convert an object to a string and write it to a file. DCNL.
'Returns the status of the course creator.
'Prints a list of recently-viewed products.
'Print out the virtual machine and its children.'.
'Method to encode payload in LZ4 format. DCNL :param payload:
'Get raw input from the user.'.
'A simple demo of the dependency parser.'.
'Delete the specified extra specs item.'.
' guess_n_streams(size) -> int DCNL guess_n_
'Returns the data at the specified path, as a dict.'.
'Delete search index.'.
'Get front and add x list y list.'.
'Decrypts URL-safe base64 encoded ciphertext DCNL :param key:
'Returns ``True`` if ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x
'Copy a file or a directory DCNL :param source: Path of file or
'Test epochs class with multiple events.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.
'Ensure that the named event source mapping does not exist.
'Run all the benchmark functions.'.
'Encode multipart/form-data into multipart/form-data.
'Returns True if the current user is admin.'.
'Show the details from the load-balancer DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'<text> -- Spells <text> with given spellchecker.'.
'Returns whether or not the "entrance"exams feature is enabled.'.
'Validate a station name. DCNL :param station: DCNL :param
'Get a vector3 with each component the minimum of the respective components of a list of
'Decode value from Base64 to plain format DCNL :param value: DCN
'Publish a file-like object.
'proto_library_config section.'.
'Return True ifengines are currently running.'.
'Install one or more pecl extensions.
'shell_env[\'key\'] = value\'.'.
'Get the xmlObject.'.
'Display the content type selection widget.'.
'Close the specified database.
'Removes leading and trailing whitespace from text.'.
'Get information about the nvml device DCNL Returns: DCNL {\'
'Return the path to the git repository.'.
'Parse the symbol file. DCNL :param data: DCNL :param
'Calculates the expected value of a bar based on the asset ID and date.
'Create a Content-Disposition header from decoded sequence DCNL :param decoded_seq
'Get the route table for the given ip_version.
'Adds the specified virtual host.
'Get a refactorer.'.
'Get a list of all format modules.'.
'Parse the compiler output.'.
'Return the absolute path to the mrjob package.'.
'Wait for a message in the qutebrowser log.'.
'Return a list of upstart services.'.
'Get all GitHub releases. DCNL Args: DCNL project (str):
'Compute nt zeros of Kelvin function Kelvin function nt.
'Run upgrades. DCNL :param store: Path of database to upgrades
'API: send a test Prowl notification and return result'.
'Executes one or more events.'.
'Returns True iff the library needs to be compiled for GSM ABI.'.
':param Context context: DCNL :param callback: DCNL :return:
'Returns True if the item is a sequence, False otherwise.'.
'A tool to place queens in a board. DCNL Args: DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Remove the watcher from the watch
'Get the local IPv6 addresses of the current machine. DCNL.
'Returns True if string1 and string2 are equal, False otherwise.'.
'resolve_name(name, package, level) -> string DCNL Resolve the
'Clears the Redis cache.'.
'Returns True if the element has a relation to other elements.'.
'Close connection to database.'.
'If fn raises an exception, assert that the exception is not a DCNL class
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Returns the id of the hypersearch window for the given job.'.
'Sets the layer rule.'.
'Get the gcode path.'.
'Returns the url of the media located at the given path. DCNL :param
'Kill all processes that have a given process ID. DCNL :param pid:
'Starts a mini notification. DCNL :param str description: DCNL
'Returns a queryset of all page groups a user can access.'.
'Parses a list of linter names and returns a list of tuples (name,
'Get bind address.'.
'Set brightness state. DCNL Parameters DCNL value : float DCNL
'Returns the cumulative sum of elements over a given axis.
'Generate a random graph.
'Sets the default app.'.
'Returns the first element in a sequence.'.
'removequotes(s, l, t) -> string DCNL Return the string
'Returns the type of an address.
'Clean up localizable strings from translation files.'.
'Returns a new function with the same function\'s func_code and func_globals
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Signal receiver for pre-save signal.
'Returns the name and version of a package.
'Get a list of functions of a given type.'.
'Compute polynomial difference in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Check if the value is even.'.
'Returns the IRC color for the given IRC match.'.
'Renders the given template using the given context.
'Returns the project time in days. DCNL Arguments: DCNL - row
'Returns True if the IP is within the subnet, False otherwise.'.
'Returns the cartesian product of the elements of s_list1 and s_list
'Run reindex_reviews. DCNL Args: DCNL ids: list
'Get the inventory of the XFS system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'List all tasks for an entrance exam.
'Convert a hsv tuple to an rgb tuple.'.
'>>> test_ccall_method(x) DCNL True DCN
'Determine which buildbot worker to run.
'Return the kurtosis of the given list of values.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Return a string representation of a bytestring.'.
'Returns a list of ranges for the given HTTP header value.'.
'Returns True if orig_prefixes is a subset of new_prefixes.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Test that the high order autoencoder is initialized correctly.'.
'Format a single position. DCNL :param data: DCNL :param
'Parse the message and extract user, op, class, method from it.'.
'Read images in folder `path` and resizes images to size ` sz`.'.
'Register the handler to be called when the agent starts up.'.
'Read pillar data and return it'.
'Find the first match for the pattern in the string.
'Return the absolute URL for the given URL.'.
'Returns a map with a map ID.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Create an empty named filename.'.
'Return a new matrix whose rows are the same, but whose columns are DCNL
'Return the SELinux enforce setting DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Classify an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL model_data_path
'Move current organization to another organization.'.
'for testing'.
'Update image flash parameters.'.
'Convert a relative path to a resource.
'Converts a path to a colorized string.'.
'Rename a file or a directory.
'Return True if the header is ahop-by-hop header.'.
':param errn: The name of the error to decode DCNL :param err
'Render a list of templates. DCNL Args: DCNL templates (str
'Import an image from imgadm DCNL uuid : string DCNL uuid of
'Create a cudarray shared variable from a numpy array.
'Test desaturation property.'.
'Return a session for the given reply channel.'.
':param proxy: A :class:`Proxy` instance DCNL Return the object
'Build Sphinx docs. DCNL :param branch: Directory to build docs DCN
'Create a nonce from a string and a key. DCNL :param s:
'Creates an image viewers viewer DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int
'put away the object. DCNL :param object: The object to put away
'Removes a service from a workspace.'.
'Creates an inventory object.
'Get all networks associated with a project.'.
'Converts a GStreamer-style variable into a GStreamer-style variable
'Computes statistics about the graph. DCNL Args: DCNL episode
'Return the center of the graph G with radius e.
'Convert a string array to a numpy array.
'Returns the first language in the database'.
'Returns the common dtype for a list of columns.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Log all registered hooks DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :
'Set the currently active translation object.
'Takes an email address and sets a verification key for DCNL the email to
'Returns the assignment type for the given user group.
'Main program.'.
'Draw a cdf. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: array of xs
'Test rename channels.'.
'Expands a list of command-line arguments into a list of strings DCNL
'Get the overhang support angle.'.
'Checks if the specified network address is a valid VPC address block. DCNL
'Returns the name of the git repository.'.
'Converts a object to a JSON-compatible string.'.
'Parse ACL V2 data. DCNL :param data: JSON-compatible data
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "
'Get all available regions for the AWS Elasticache service.
'Set default values for all tables in the database. DCNL :param sql_
'Skip test if `abstfn` contains a slash.'.
'Remove the given field from the expression DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : expression
'set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any. DCN
' picklestringi(stringi) -> string DCNL picklestringi
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Fixes unicode strings and lists in a dictionary.'.
'gpu_from_host(gemv) -> gpu_from_host(
'Return a dictionary with keys specified as keys and values as values DCNL as values
'Convert a list of revisions to a list of dicts.'.
'Returns the first node of a path in an expression DCNL >>> path_split
'Simple index page.'.
'MList view'.
'Returns a list of analyses.'.
'Converts JSON to CamelCase.'.
'This hook is called by the gitlab_hook_helper hook function.'.
'Returns True if the sheet is writable'.
'Get the next legenden derivation.'.
'Return a list of sysv services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup environment variables necessary to run a set of templates. DCNL :param pack
'Returns the version of os.version. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Resource Header for NZSEel2'.
'Get the version of Open vSwitch DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Report worker name usage when a property has been deprecated. DCNL :param prop
'Associate node with instance uuid.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Return a compiled regex object for the given mask.'.
'Render a Cheetah template with the given context.'.
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running ip.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Replace all XML references.'.
'Get the password to use for authentication.
'Event handler. DCNL Templates: :py:func:`pyramid.
'Only load if junos is installed'.
'Returns a list of filenames and classes for each file in the DCNL flower
'Shows the current uptime.'.
'Release an L{libvlc_vlc_instance}. DCNL.
'Get an attribute value.'.
'Converts a domain name (e.g.
'Test unit physical_type is dimensionless.'.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Transforms an array to a list.
'Write out a gcode file.'.
'Run the Paster server.
'Run a check. DCNL Args: DCNL check_or_id
'Returns a list of all discrete variables in the given domain.'.
'Returns the \'InstanceActionAPI\' class from the same module as the DCN
'Wraps the results of a call to np.datetime or np.int64
'Validate that the format is correct.'.
'Return the file descriptor maximum.
'Split a list of instances into train and test sets.
'Return (tar filename, size, mtime, uid, gid) for the given tar
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Set the lowest priority.
'Finds a host in the inventory and prints it in JSON format.'.
'Translates a gcode linear move file.'.
'Set stockbasics.'.
'A little helper function to reset the audio stream clock time.'.
'Create a shallow copy of a C{obj} from its __dict__ DCN
'List all available package upgrades DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run pyo initialization.'.
'Get a document node.'.
'Return the URL for the Waterbutler API.
'A view that redirects to my_user_info page.'.
'Ensure that the password is encrypted if not already encrypted.'.
'dubconstant : constant'.
'Add pillar by loops.'.
'Return a Jdoctool class documentation for the specified path.'.
'Same as Cldr(a, b) but returns the result as DCN
'Build a no-op log generator.'.
'Updates a model instance if it has been dirty DCNL :param model_instance
'Sample from the standard normal distribution.
'Given a head index, return the start and end of that head.'.
'Returns True if the given module name is a package.'.
'Generate a filename for a M3U file.'.
'Test for source date epoch.'.
'Get the ssh configuration for the specified host.
'Validates whether or not a reference is valid.'.
'Returns a random integer with n bits set to n.'.
'Create a :class:` routes.Mapper` instance from a dictionary of declarations.
'Load pickled object from file. DCNL :param path: Path to file DC
'Return the minor det of a matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL m :
'Test structs.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on DCN
'Default handler for the OpenID authentication process.'.
'Scan photo files.'.
'Takes a dictionary and sorts its items.
'If the current user is not logged in, check that the DCNL current user
'Returns True if n is a probable prime.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Delete the chain to the specified table
'ignorable statement : statement DCNL | statement DCNL | statement DCN
'Escapes a string for use in a <br> tag.'.
'Rebuild generated Python classes.'.
'Load fixtures from fixtures_dict. DCNL :param fixtures_dict_dict
'Get a finder for a path.
'Encode a string and write it to a file. DCNL :param encoding:
'Expand brackets. DCNL :param s: DCNL :param s:
'Expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__
'Select a bracket icon for option.'.
'Displays the demo verbose rule format.'.
'Setup the devicemaster switches.'.
'Attach a jsonepic statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'find_feature_files() finds all feature files within a dir'.
'Returns a calendar read API.'.
'Deletes a blob from Blobstore.
'Get all networks belonging to an instance.'.
'Test for get_new_command.'.
'Return a set containing the pattern types in the head of the pattern. DCNL
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.'.
'Set the extension of a URL DCNL :param url: DCNL :
'Return a conn object for the specified profile'.
'Ensure that \'from\' and \'to\' strings are the same.
'Check the compatibility of the server and client.'.
'Write a mapping from user name to group name. DCNL :param path:
'Ensure no exception is raised on Windows systems.'.
'Create a taxed price object from the priceful object.'.
'If p is a TenseXP instance, return it in canon_bp
'Get the current prompt tokens.'.
'Create a user list. DCNL :param sailthru_client:
'Attach a json userstory extra info representation to each object of the queryset.
'List manifest files.'.
'Run a command and return its output DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the translation matrix and delete the translation attributes.'.
'Return the SHA1 hash of a file.'.
'Register the OVS agent.'.
'Remove media list item from media list. DCNL.
'Set form action. DCNL :param formname: Form name DCNL
'Return the value of the field as an integer.'.
'set the default colormap to none and apply to current image if any. DCNL
'Returns a primary key field.'.
'Get the changes made on an instance'.
'Delete a policy. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Test fit-sample with nn object'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Read fragments from a fragment file.'.
'Format the size in a human readable form.'.
'Sends a list of mails.
'Return a list of raw samples for the user.
'Converts a bytes string to a unicode string.
'Returns a URL to a fireplace resource.
'Encode a Morse (or Morse) string into a Morse (or M
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Clear out all keys from the device
'Executes horcmgr and returns the output.'.
'Test pip show with files not found'.
'Download transcripts from youtube.'.
'Starts the notification server if not already started.'.
'Returns the close page'.
'Open a file in the system path.'.
'Returns a dependency graph for all packages in package_list.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess colorful newline'.
'List all InfluxDB databases DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Rename similar files in a folder DCNL :param folder: Path to folder DC
'Parse a query string into a dictionary. DCNL Args: DCNL qs
'Returns a set of merge prs from start_ref to end_ref.
'Compare a dictionary with a partial dictionary.'.
'Get the value of a pack from the index.'.
'Filter products by user.'.
'Sanitise a base32 encoded string.'.
'Test that replay.load raises if there is no replay file.'.
'Test tight_layout'.
'Parses a type string into an attribute name. DCNL :param type:
'parse_roman(value) -> int DCNL Parse a ROMAN
'A proxy for the do_pkl_constructor method.
'Register a callback to be invoked when logging messages are available.'.
'Set the disk timeout in minutes for the given power scheme DCNL CLI Example:
'Returns True if `cmd` exists, False otherwise.'.
'Computes log-likelihood of dirichlet cones.
'Get filepath or buffer from either a file path or a file-like object.
'Returns value of field from template DCNL Parameters DCNL field : str DC
'Revoke a certificate. DCNL :param project_id: The project ID
'Unquote a JSON document. DCNL :param quoted_json_document:
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Add a point on the path and the pixel table.'.
'Converts entry element to queue object.'.
'Remove article. DCNL :param text: The text to remove. DCN
'A demonstration showing how a tree is constructed from a string.'.
'Get epochs.'.
'Assert that the logged-in user is an administrator if the query parameter DCNL
'Create a CSS gradient.'.
'Verify that the current virtual environment is up-to-date.
'Prints the given string as a pretty-printable string.'.
'Remove persistent module DCNL mod : string DCNL Name of module to remove
'Computes the standard deviation of prop. DCNL Parameters DCNL prop
'A context manager that changes the current working directory to the given DCNL directory.
'Read a YAML document from a file. DCNL :param json_file_
'Get a repository writer.'.
'Return the path to a. photo file.'.
' rollback configuration changes.'.
'Add one or more trait types to a base object.
'Default failure view. DCNL Templates: :template:`default_render_
'Get the genesis text from the fixture.'.
'Ensure we can tokenize a float.'.
'Decipher all nodes DCNL :param decipher: DCNL :param
'Return a representation of a column dict.'.
'Determine if a point is inside a polygon.
'Returns the data type for the given function name. DCNL :param func_
'str(s) -> string DCNL Return a string representation of a string.
'Shut down the current process.'.
'Returns a function that returns a dictionary of attributes.'.
'Returns the pid of the parent process of the current process.'.
':param task: Task instance DCNL :param session: SQLAlchemy session DCNL
'Create a Color object from a string of characters.'.
'Download a file. DCNL Args: DCNL * args (str):
'Return the lines of sibling files.'.
'Runs the celery command-line interface.'.
'Get a list of all rooms available to the current client.'.
'Create the ports tree DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``searchadd {
'Creates a pseudo entity from a Query.
'Display a contribution.'.
'Check for import_translation_for_log_or_exception.'.
'Discretize model by bilinear interpolation. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Converts a naive datetime to a timezone aware datetime.
'Returns a list of encoded control-tuples. DCNL :param ldap controls:
'Get the username and uid of the current process.'.
'Close the xml root element.'.
'Loads an experiment description from the given file path.'.
'Convert hours into a human readable time string.'.
'Show properties of a server.
'Sets the logging methods for the class.'.
'A decorator to mark a function or method as a docstring.'.
'Returns the difference between two sequences.
'Convert string \'t\' to byte string \'b\'.'.
'Marks a user as jump to another location.
'Returns the amount of memory required to hold the connection DCNL (in bytes)
'Start the engines.'.
'POT (POT)'.
'Get or create identifiers for a doi.
'Load a texture from a text file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename
'Returns a list of n random elements from d.'.
'Get the base path for the OS.'.
'List metadata fields. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'%%file \'unicode\''.
'Convenience function to print error messages.'.
'View for log handlers.'.
'Opens a log file. DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str
'Get the most recent git changeset.'.
'Helper function to split a set of equivalence pairs into multiple equivalence DCNL
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Delete a key based on the key
'Test that we can load an HDF5 dataset and train it.'.
'Test that we can run commands with no arguments.'.
'Test setting whitelist.'.
'Print a list as a list.
'Add a new host key.
'Get detailed information about a server certificate.
'Return the disk type to use for this VM.
'Assert that an index is a product of multiple levels.'.
'Selects and returns a JID from the available JID(s).'.
'get_text_box(text, fs) -> (text, fs) DC
'Expand polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Check if a PostgreSQL database exists.
'Return a path to a state file.'.
'Exit an action group. DCNL :param actions: DCNL List of
'Get the motion vector for the specified time.'.
'Test to_hdf_link_optimizations.'.
'*musicpd.org, client to client section:* DCNL ``noid
'Returns True if the given release has failed DCNL :param release: release name
'Makes a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone.'.
'OS-specific conversion from a relative URL to a file system path.
'Converts a datetime to a microseconds since the epoch.'.
'Returns a dictionary of all names of all loaded constant names.'.