'Verifies the kernel shape and returns an array.'.
'Build the tree structure of queryset.
'Unpack a packed list into a Python dictionary.
'Match path of step stderr, optionally filtering by *step_id*.
'Sample from a random number.'.
'Returns whether `x` is a SparseVariable.
'Configures the buffer sizes for pipe buffers.
'Test vi edit mode'.
'Scale lists of strings into a list of time.
'Checks that preprocesses are processed correctly.'.
'Context manager for temporary import plugin.
'Test directory name without backslashes.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Decorator for enforcing functions with a given decorator.'.
'Test GeoCopies with multiple services'.
'Get profile for given user.
'Set hostnamespaces.'.
'Generate a hash that hashed, depending on the thumbnail options.'.
'Runs the updatable database.
'Validate that the requirements are not in a dict.'.
'Returns a row from a cursor as a dict'.
'Given a mod path, return the full file name (or None if it is DC
'Returns a response object'.
'Filter out whether the parameters are OAuth authorization.
'Location index page'.
'Given a list of lines, remove leading trailing leading and trailing end.'.
'Returns a new comment'.
'Return a list of ``fieldname`` proxies.
'Returns True if the input is related to the news. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Ensure that the rule index definition works as expected'.
'Run command.'.
'Write an instance representation of the given output file.'.
'<word> -- Gets the word used for <word>.'.
'Creates a new subscription.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table.'.
'Returns a list of version information for the given client.
'Calculate the size of a header table with the given header.
'Indent the given number of lines in new_indent.'.
'Parse an alignment of Lines and return a Dataset instance.
'Format line numbers with line numbers.'.
'Get the network interface link'.
'Get the default color'.
'Creates a project and returns a list of projects.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Clears cached files'.
'Returns HTTP headers.'.
'Show the list of the variable names from the minion.
'Install a single app.
'Load the contents of a PEM file.
'Create a temporary directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Register an instrumentation class.'.
'Make a unique list'.
'A function to connect to the API.
'Convert FileTime to timestamp.'.
'Find a path to a command.
'Construct a compound class.
'Check if package management is installed.
'Return (date, datetime, annotation) from a string.'.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'Helper function to do the repository push.'.
'Set a key/value pair in couchdb'.
'Setup the DLETE sensor.'.
'Thin wrapper for a library export.
'Create and return the VersioneerConfig() object.'.
'Test that missing command is missing'.
'Concatenate variables horizontally (column wise).
'Helper function to send a file on a server.'.
'.
'Close the state of the module'.
'Get the index of a path with the shortest segment.'.
'Determines whether G1 is equivalent to either G1 or ES2.
'Encode a certificate to a signed DER DCNL :param result: DCNL
'Sets the current environment.
'Get the Glance metadata for all volumes.'.
'Returns a list of cyclotomic roots of ``f``.
'Check that we don\'t have a warning'.
'Splits an array into one permutations.
'Return the creation sequence in the form of the creation sequence DCNL :param creation_
'Flatten an event.
'Adds a block to the context.
'Return HTTP data for the current stack trace.
'Returns the offset of the given time zone.'.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Takes a list of integers and returns the result.
'Reset the state of a config file.
'Clean an HTML snippet into a string'.
'Helper function for executing task.
'Sets the root home directory.
'Check if a string is a boolean.'.
'Check to see if the host is healthy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Gets the name of a recipe for `prompt_path`.'.
'Converts a value to a unicode string.
'Return a fake entity.'.
'Quorum DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Coerce \'value\' to a datetime, if set or not nullable
'Plot a single patch on the given image.
'Return True if path is found in PATH environment, False otherwise.
'Get a category from the database.'.
'Retry the user\'s invite step for all users.'.
'Returns a feedback message associated with the given thread.'.
'Dump a YAML job into a file.
'Updates an account.
'Checks that the given collection matches the given collection_collection.
'Confirm this module is on a Gentoo based system'.
'Estimate Gaussian covariance matrices.
'Get the cascade precision.'.
'Return the diff expression'.
'Check if a user has specified role.
'Returns the source code of an object.
'Provides virt on SmartOS'.
'Test iterator'.
'Require the /en/tutorial/po store.'.
'Authenticate if supplied flow is valid.'.
'Return true if the path is absolute.'.
'Get the tab registry for a tab ID.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Write the contents of Journal entries to disk.'.
'Test a bug in overlapping order'.
'n_words(table, query) -> n words DCNL Find the words in
'Starts a crawler.
'Given a domain label, split the domain label into groups.'.
'Return a list of disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Retrieve a PEP 302 importer for the given path name.
'Only load the kernel module if the kernel is Solaris'.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Calculates the R-ball for an individual object.
'Get new repository.'.
'Renders the given action and returns it as the string.'.
'Return True if data has the same checksum.
'build a simple tree with small nodes'.
'Convert EC2 instance id to an instance ID.
'Edit a service.
'Coerce \'options\' to a dict.
'Display command line tool.'.
'Steps that outlines have the outlines of the scenario outlines.
'Convert a namespace namespace to a regular expression.
'Gets the credentials for session credentials.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Call `fn(d)` and return the expected shape of `func`.'
'Convert incoming parameters to incoming queries'.
'The header should not have no provided headers.
'Return first n items of the iterable as a list'.
'Replace register_param params from register_params.'.
'.
'In `homepage_page_ for Home Page`'.
'Tests that a process creates a lazy process'.
'Evaluate single line truncation.
'Returns request body body.
'classify (point, labeled) pair of points.'.
'Setup the BEM model.'.
'Turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage DCNL Same as encode
'Determine the given URL path to the given template path.
'Makes a file-like object that is updated by fpip.
'Write worksheet relationships to xml.'.
'Tries to determine if FASTA version is compatible.
'List all of the module imports in a particular module.
'Convert a color to an XRGB color string'.
'Validate a cookie domain specification.
'Convert an operator into a model.
'Load the description from the experiment directory.'.
'Returns the number of words in a string.'.
'Wrap an instance of oslo.retries to retry the correct DCNL
'Compare two channels.'.
'set_info_info(url, reg)'.
'Reads the index of all examples in the input_dir.
'Parses a range header and returns the tuple of (start, end) and
'Scrub a new share.'.
'Build all library modules'.
'boto image'.
'Marks an album\'s name as a single string.'.
'Get the label string for the dictionary.'.
'Utility function to check the default document for default translation.'.
'Removes the given file descriptor for the given path.'.
'Gets layer variables from a list of layers.
'Repeat a 2D tensor.
'Coerce \'value\' to milliseconds.'.
'.
'Reads \'Bitpacked\' bytes from the binary and converts it to a list of
'Identify that the table raises an error if the table is unknown.'.
'Extracts the maps from a map of directions.
'Returns true if the configuration is initialized'.
'check that the moon goes to at the right distance from the moon.
'Replace illegal characters in path'.
'When given a single primitive value has a list of key values, require() DCNL
'Detach the VM from a VM.'.
'The default module is active.'.
'Check if authentication is provided.
'Generate a UUID from a host number.
'Returns iterator over the corpus file.
'Creates a user.'.
'Return an arbitrary free address for the given family'.
'Return disk usage for given dirs.
'Test zip files with a non-verbose object'.
'Remove all empty flows from the OSF.'.
'Get triangle mesh from elementNode, negatives, positives and xmlElement.'.
'Makes a file name for the given extension.'.
'Colorize string attributes'.
'Replacement for Django\'s ``request_to_template``.'.
'Convert rotation to a rotation'.
'Prepare results for task.
'Return the extension of a filename.
'Fix partial sample artifacts.'.
'Prompt the user input using Python 2.
'Test that BatchNormalizedMLP performs autoscaling scaling correctly.'.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Encodes a JSON string into a Python data structure.'.
'Setup the Python environment.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Return the file name and line number of the traceback.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Helper function for setting monkey patching issues.'.
'Print a list of documents'.
'Notifications for specific modules'.
'Returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance.
'Download a poem from the given host and port.
'Fake version of JSON.
'A view that redirects all requests to the view'.
'Gets all the keywords in a lexer.
'Returns a string suitable for RFC 2822 compliant Message-ID, e.g.
'A view that indicates if the request is secure'.
'For sending email to a community.'.
'Check if registration is blocked from the course.
'Tries to find an element by a CSS selector.
'Update an existing certificate.
'helper function to create an element.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Ensure ELB is absent.
'Test list of list items in a list command'.
'Tests translation can be applied to translation.'.
'Return terminal value.'.
'Create a symmetric Hamlet he\'s a pair of equations.
'Returns the error message at the given xml element.
'Compute the allowed methods on a resource.'.
'Like :meth:`wait_for_file.event.wait` but
'Test that two broadcastable vectors are broadcastable'.
'Load all plugins from the provided directories.
'Retrieves the first day of this week'.
'Generate a color list for \'11\' (A, C)\'RGB,
'Delete a document.'.
'Convert to int or int if possible.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Return a new transform with the specified trans.
'Dumps hexadecimal characters from a string.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Create new custom chain to the
'Test update metadata from cache.'.
'start a session'.
'Setup the BloomSky sensors.'.
'Check a plaintext password.
'Create a connected graph in the graph.
'Return the argument for dvi.
'Decorates a MappingType.'.
'Test basic functionality for Desktop'.
'Return the dot product of the shape.
'Displays the completions after the first.'.
'Returns True if the course has ccx_key, otherwise returns True.'.
'Test json error view function.'.
'Redirect stdout and stderr to stdout/stderr.'.
'Get contents of a file.'.
'Simulate the one kn classifier, using one kn.'.
'Return a list of available plugin names.'.
'.
'Test Subunit output with no errors'.
'Returns a query string representation of the page.
'Returns the path to auto_config directory for the given OS.
'Generates garcharch and standard Gaussian process.'.
'Determine help message for a requirement.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Given a list of arrays, return a list of arrays.
'Return the size of a file, reported by os.stat().'.
'Searches the option for a given argv.
'Write an example configuration file.
'Makes a PMF.
'Test mne mne surface methods.'.
'Parse a `unit` argument.
'Check the GLETE response returned by :class:`GLETE`.'
'Returns a 4-dimensional range.'.
'Return a string with the idc.'.
'Returns a set of topics for the course.
'decorator(caller) converts a caller function into a decorator'.
'Delete keys for given qos specs.
'Return an SQLAlchemy query for all activities from user_id.'.
'Returns a template reply with a comment.
'Filter out the network representation of an attribute.
'Run demo demo for the demo.
'Create API-version specific endpoint tables.'.
'Truncates a space. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCNL
'Execute command.'.
'Test that when saving a draft to a save folder'.
'Return network statistics DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Simple view that displays login'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Delete the sudoer.
'Tar all files in the directory `compiled_compiled`.'.
'Add a request URI to the given token URI.
'Verify that the CPU is consistent with parallel_mrg_random. DCNL
'Test min_zero.'.
'get categories for the site.
'Get the jupWindow for the current jup window.'.
'Add a new firewall rule DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Creates a stream.
'Log an error message. DCNL .
'wait for user'.
'Return the parent of the pid of a process.
'Deal with raw channels.'.
'Compute square-free part of ``f`` in ``K[X]``
'Helper for :func:`dmp_decompose`.'.
'Return True if path is a package, False otherwise.'.
'Entry point for the subcommand line interface.'.
'Reads number of maps from each key.
'Convert a timedelta to an integer.
'_local_path: url-path to absolute path'.
'[A-ZA-Z_ZA-ZA-ZA-
'Return the path of a given URL.'.
'Sets up the snapshot for the system.'.
'Return first n items of a seq'.
'Test validate_if_list.'.
'Returns a list of len(SN) strings in the file.'.
'Run collections editor test'.
'Temporarily redirect to a temporary URL'.
'grouper(3, \'ABCDEFG\', \'ABCDEFG\
'Return the base paths for a packed package.
'List all the hosts for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Computes the determinant of a batch.
'Convert a JSON project to the native object.
'Generate a random slice of a given list length.
'.
'Combine flaky annotations.'.
'Unpublish a collection. Commits changes.'.
'Removes all roles from a user on a tenant.
'Wrapper for the JRPC API.
'Get segment path.'.
'Parse the resolv.'.
'Test __reduce__ function'.
'Create a new ``BlockDeviceVolume`` with a ``volume_volume``.
'Checks whether two vertices of a mesh1 and vertices.'.
'Do the given suggestion.'.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Wrapper around getitem.getitem(a, b)'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Only works on Windows systems with PyWin32'.
'Returns selected language\'s BiDi layout. DCNL False = left-to-
'Return the best available encoding for the output stream.
'Get the label for the plist.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL .
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Roll back reservations.'.
'Checks if the given version is available for use by API.
'Download objects from a container DCNL .
'Performs the drop server on the given server.
'Assert that the correct browser link in the correct format.'.
'Set the current canvas for the current canvas.
'Finds the git repository\'s git directory.
'Return marker, limit tuple from request.
'Checks that the start and end of a comment'.
'Require the AFAN user.'.
'Return total of physical memory.
'Group list of video results into a dict.
'Set up the libcloud functions'.
'Parses a given string and returns a list of etags.
'Main control function.'.
'Send add email'.
'Returns a Style object with a color scheme.'.
'Returns a string representation of the I[i|i|i|i|i
'Return an iterator over the values of a dictionary.'.
'Add patch info to patches.'.
'Convert ``val`` into an int.'.
'Simplify ``dim`` by adding dimensions to a dimension.
'Encode an integer as a varint.'.
'Tests that the translation field is supported by the `translation`.
'Return process_open information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Evacuate live live environment.'.
'Factory function for creating EijkuSymbol'.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs with a ORM entity.'.
'.
'Allow access to the user\'s access level.'.
'Revoke a user from a database.
'List clusters for datacenter in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Extract version information from the given file.'.
'Compute a uniform vector layout.
'Yields n colors from a numpy array.'.
'Retrieves the ACL groups.
'Generator to generate tokens from readline.'.
'Gets metric by name from name.
'Parse a query given as a string argument.'.
'Remove stopwords from a given list of tokens'.
'Determine if the given string is an IPython shell.
'Return the size of the swap device size.
'Removes a file from the specified file path.'.
'Generator that returns a list of urls for the given bands.'.
'Execute the given script with the given parameters.
'Determines if given specs contains a list of info.
'Check that the directory and directories are accepted.
'Test handling of dict key completion'.
'Check if string is a float'.
'Checks if the given vector is a B-like Tree.
'Fetches a series of tvdb.
'Registers a user in the request.
'See :class:`UploadS3Keys`.'.
'Checks if a node is an op_expr and is the inverse operator in the
'Gets the last account of a nick.
'Determine if the obj is an undefined.'.
'Get a document from the specified query.
'Gets a catalog object by name.
'Tests that an array contains inf and non-infinity values.
'Finds the sentinel marker from a filename.
'Get the unit format specified in config.'.
'Iterate over a given object and return it as iterator'.
'Undo the rollback DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Prints total totals.
'.
'Normalize mode DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get the priority of the priority of the priority DCNL :param element: The priority
'Humanize a date'.
'Parse a .egg-like file and return a dictionary.
'Retrieve raw disk device from a path.'.
'Wrapper on image_resize_image, to resize the standard DCNL image
'Unregister an object by name.
'Conditionally wrap `shell` in the command line.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Extracts a value from a dictionary.
'Get geometry output by side loop.'.
'Migrate index to index'.
'Run the main event loop'.
'A structure.'.
'List table names'.
'Validate the codec options.
'Pick a random item from the array and return it.
'Assert that the same type are the same'.
'A with-context that creates a temporary file.
'Unpacks an integer in a 4-byte integer.'.
'Fill numpy array into a 1darray'.
'Generates a grid point.
'Reload the schedule'.
'Resets quota handler for the default quota module.'.
'Return a list of all extended extensions from the module.'.
'Generate a list of colors from numpy colors.
'Return (z,p,k) for 2-t, e.g.
'Helper function to check if an estimator has a single subnet.'.
'Test x_labels'.
'Convert data to a file format'.
'Test the global metric method.'.
'Only work on MacOS'.
'Clip an object into a clipped object.
'Determine whether a repository has been reviewed from a repository.'.
'Returns the user base base base namespace.
'Validates that a string is valid.
'Attach a volume. DCNL This will attach a volume to a server. DCNL
'Tries to remove a temporary file, then remove the temporary tmp directory and DCNL
'Test maxshield image.'.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Shuffle a list.'.
'Splits an array into batches of data.
'Formats `changes` and returns the relevant configuration.
'Deletes an instance_info cache. DCNL :param instance_uuid:
'Returns a list of the attrs flag.'.
'Parse a list of indices.'.
'Respond with sale_records and returns a list of all sale records DCNL
'Returns True if the input is related to the news. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Add a resource to the queue.'.
'Prompts the user input to a string.
'REST Controller'.
'Test simple schema validation.'.
'Check if a profile is associated with the given role.
'Get a crafted shape file.'.
'Return the path to the mount point of the specified controller.
'Main entry-point for the script.'.
'Returns the default time zone as a string.
'Create a list of nodes from ``address`` objects.
'Show a specific tag. DCNL :param repo: A `Repo` object
'Convert a sympy matrix to a numpy matrix.
'Returns a list of VMs and VMs and with data.'.
'Unbind a bluetooth device from another address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Determine resource name.'.
'Get the zone name for an `name`.
'Check if a resource is inside another.
'unary_expression : additive_expression'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Read a persistent datastore
'Escape special characters in a shell.'.
'Encode a string.'.
'Converts data to a dummy numpy array.
'Converts a string representation of a bool into a bool'.
'Try to find atex file in the given filename.
'Send a response to the inventories.
'Determine the downloader class for the specified info dict.
'Uses package to build the template DCNL Args: DCNL template_out
'Converts an IPv6 string to an integer.
'Run the given command DCNL :param args: DCNL :type args: str
'Disable availability zones for ELB.
'This function is used to calculate the total percentage of a resource.
'make_declare_dict(subtypes, dtype=None)'.
'Create all releases in Transifex.'.
'Finds sensitive changes to general account metadata.'.
'Adds a and b.'.
'Display a box with the reviews list.'.
'Return a dict describing specific group_type with details.'.
'Renders a template with the context.
'Open an index filter'.
'Prints all the decoder descriptions.
'Checks if the service is running'.
'Check that y-target targets are valid.
'fit a function to fit and return the parameters. DCNL Parameters DCNL function :
'Check simple variables.'.
'Force a job if necessary.'.
':type vagrant: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
':param Optionable_type: Union of options DCNL :rtype: str'.
'A scenario that has a scenario that has a single string'.
'Print a list of QThreads objects'.
'Verify the normal mode of a normal distribution.'.
'Write status to a file.
'Delete an existing repository.'.
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL _allocated_
'Convert read_name to float format.'.
'Decrypt data with a block DCNL .
'Given an address, return a socket object.
'Set a proxy for the port on Windows.
'Convert hexadecimal list to rgb'.
'Return a list of revision revisions.
'Save photos from existing viewpoint and photo.'.
'Return Celsius.'.
'Updates the version of an event.
'Returns a unique id for the zone.
'Remove all records from a dataset in the database.
'Check if a cluster exists on the cluster.
'Initialize a module. DCNL .
'Find all the matches in the string.
'Replaces all blank target.'.
'Determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the list.'.
'Set resource quotas for a resource and dirty flag.
'Find all ids for filtered fasta files DCNL list_file: list of
'A context manager to augment a usage error.
'Delete all files under \'test\'.
'Sets the vlanid to be unused'.
'Mock pprint_template.'.
'Return the coefficient of ``f``.
'Transpose an expression DCNL Examples DCNL >>> transpose_exp(x,
'Return whether the given value is a string or unicode object.
'Parses the coverage coverage.
'Monitor a monit DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Expand SQL statements for the specified table, with SQLAlchemy syntax and DCNL
'Collect with respect to a tuple'.
'Compares two key-value pairs by comparing them.
'List all hosts within a given host.'.
'Return a command to be used in the systemd system'.
'Finds all child nodes of a given page path.
'Write content to a given output directory.'.
'Takes a file name and replaces it with the specified name.
'Try to get a connection with a very specific set of values, if we get DC
'Tests that the set of entries to an entry.
'Update the OSF-related email for a email.'.
'Set the icon and file path'.
'Get raw module data.'.
'Append an object to the access token for the given object.
'Find and return the desktop module in the given name'.
'Determine if a tool_dependency record contains all the current tool_dict
'Encode a raw byte string in use bytestring.
'Try to set the domain for a given string.'.
'Checks for valid DNA characters in header fields.
'Returns a dictionary of key-value pairs.
'Create a date locator.
'Clean up the module cache'.
'Install a signal handler for a signal.
'Implements hadoop fs -r'.
'Returns True if the system is running'.
'Greatest common divisor.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test delete a view DCNL service
'Mocks the recording with the MusicBrainz `id`.
'Wrapper around cache key.
'Raises a deprecation warning for unit tests.
'Replaces a given typos.
'Lock/lock the machine to use DCNL :returns: the user of the
'Display the craft dialog.'.
'Compute a hash for the given file.
'Sets the module\'s verbosity.'.
'Initializes the user dir, and set it if needed'.
'Get flavor extra specs.'.
'Get data from the databook for a dataset.
'Returns the lines from the output of a text.
'Add a temporary access rule to the temporary ip list.
'Return all members of an object as a list.
'Convert a dkl file into RGB format DCNL Parameters DCNL dkl :
'Same as test_url_file_index, but with respect to the DCNL
'Index page'.
'Simple sequences for HL0.
'Undo a function that removes all functions that don\'t exist'.
'Lock lease from semaphore.'.
'Parse a preference file and return a dictionary.'.
'.
'Computes the variance of a variable.
'Group items by key_fn.
'Test MNE inverse computation with noise covariance matrix'.
'Converts a date in Matroska\'s date format to a Python datetime
'Helper function to return status for CSF DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'conditional_expression : logical_or_expression'.
'Decorator that returns a boolean indicating if the given secret is enabled.
'Verify that the path to the device is a mount point'.
'`True` if backend is enabled with `cache` enabled.
'Filters out if a name matches the given filter name.
'Return VBox command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parse a template string and return it.
'Helper function to filter out all non-empty values from vals.
'SharedVariable Constructor for a random seed.
'Submits a user to unsubscribe a basket.
'Assign user and page permissions to a page.
'Dumps memory usage information and returns memory'.
'Computes a rolling Vowap.
'Gets the name of a benchmark function.'.
'Join paths into a single list of paths.
'Kurtosis of the given data.
'Generate an archive containing all assets and save it to the scheduler. DCNL
'Return stdout and stderr of the command.
'Replace ` noise_string` with noise.
'Ajax preview of the answer.'.
'Reads a string.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the type is unknown'.
'Test if the MySQL database is connected.'.
'List modules modified since a revision'.
'Ensure that a file does not exist.
'Find the best best path for a combination of challenges.
'Parse media descriptor. DCNL .
'Makes an array of 2D tensors into a 2D tensor.
'Stops matching containers'.
'Extract PHA quality quality from a record.
'Return instance uuid by name.'.
'Get all stats.'.
'Recursively yield all modules for the given package.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'If the given credentials are valid, return a User object.'.
'Create a new subreddit.
'Generate client libraries.'.
'Called when the Event.
'check to make sure set_color works properly'.
'Test to make sure that the popd loop works as expected'.
'Setup the Qwikswitch component.'.
'Select a random test suite.'.
'Create an alias edit page.'.
'Initialize the addon.
'Get the name of a file-like object.
'Convert milliseconds since epoch to UNIX epoch.'.
'Get the list of available services'.
'Convert quoted string literals to unquoted strings with escaped quotes and DCNL
'Creates and returns a context object for connections and interfaces.'.
'Task add to parent'.
'Makes an event rule.
'Read in the __init__.py file and return it.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Revoke all user certs.'.
'Retrieves the user\'s password for a socket file.'.
'Return the xblock info response for a xblock.
'Expand the cookie path to process the given pid.
'Return the latest version of the latest release in git.
'Filter the given table to filter core.
'Apply migrations for OAuth facts'.
'helper function for histogram'.
'Return a list of the installed grains DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return users information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Extract links from a HTTP response headers.
'Initialize the metrics stream.
'Map volume specification to qos specs.
'get stock balance difference for stock balance'.
'Given a new entity_index, update the rows of the corresponding DCNL entity_
'Get cluster status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Test `help` command for a single command'.
'Scours a list of coordinates to be displayed in the data DCNL :param data
'Create a Campaign with a Shared Bidding Strategy.
'Setup the demo sensor.'.
'Start a VM'.
'Computes the RMS mean.
'Return a string representation of bytes, in hexadecimal.'.
'Return a logger for the given name.
'Computes correlation matrix from k-values DCNL Parameters DCNL k_v_
'Takes a list of two polynomials and returns a tuple of DCNL
'Find the end of an expression inside a line.
'A feature object should have a string'.
'Print a list of files'.
'Return HTTP object.'.
'Handles the authenticated user for a course.
'Test Filter Label 1'.
'Converts a binary string into a binary string.
'Retrieves the current time zone\'s current timezone.
'Reconist entry from voucher document'.
'Return a list of formatters for the given configuration.'.
'Remove all the logging hooks from the root logger.'.
'Expand the gallery gallery to be used in gss_gallery.
'Convert columns into a 4D image array'.
'Convert pid to a network identifier'.
'Checks that the Cuckoo directory exists.
'Static Page edit'.
'Stop all cover.'.
'True if the given class is a metaclass'.
'Returns the first multicast address associated with provided DCNL interface, in network format,
'Reads a movie document and saves sentiment analysis.
'Load all enabled extensions from the system.
'Returns a dictionary of dictionaries DCNL (e.g.
'Associate the media_player with the media_player.
'Convert a list to a list.'.
'Find children of child nodes.
'Change user cookies to session and user\'s session cookie DCNL :param user:
'Return a list, preserving order'.
'Clears the screen'.
'Test the compound gate.'.
'Generate the examples from the given example.
'Removes camelCase keys from a string.
'Return the default log file for this exe'.
'Get difference loops.'.
'Pad the string to add-to/numb to n.'.
'Retrieve provider class by name.
'Changes the user\'s username.
'Show the item of a resource.
'Redirects the given route.
'Helper function for _power_odds.'.
'Always return a unicode path.'.
'A helper function for getting a value from the database.
'Test HelpCommand.run when there\'s no command fails.'.
'Release an EC2 instance.
'ResNet-200 model of [1].
'Clip a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert a packed IP string to binary form DCNL :param packed_ip:
'Test the STFT computation.'.
'Try to get the version of cython.
'Returns a list of the SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Remove media extension from name.
'Return the list of changed packages on the organization.
'Simple test'.
'Return a list of all available package upgrades on the master DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Establish and return a pair of server connections.'.
'Formats slug to a template.'.
'Helper function to convert an ObjC object to a Python object.'.
'Return the argument signature for a callable.
'Handles the OU organisation for the OU organisation'.
'Make sparse blocks from a list of dtypes'.
'Fix source code lines of source file.
'Utility function to get the output of a shell command.
'Return the options.'.
'Ensure that a context is loaded correctly.'.
'Test that ``output`` can be passed as output.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Extract labels from the given name.
'Create a transformation from all the given tokens.'.
'Stores the given tax_type and stores it in the session.'.
'Returns True if the given value is a regular expression.
'Perform the request for an Appveyor.
'Lists all available apps.'.
'Sets the DiffOpGenerator class used for generating diffs.'.
'Expand tensor into a tensor.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the environment'.
'Creates a script that will write a script to a file.
'Attempts to add a trailing slash to a path.
'Returns true if namespace contains a namespace wildcard in the namespace DCNL namespace, or
'Notify user that a group is revoked from.'.
'Validate a resource against a user.
'Returns console width'.
'Sort IP addresses'.
'RESTful CRUD controller.'.
'Delete the preview images for an image preview.'.
'True if the string s is positive (positive or negative).'.
'Returns the discriminant of A and B.
'Test read_dict option with default values.'.
'A view that returns the request data in the context.'.
'Find a library by name.
'Middleware for grant IPs.'.
'Runs the list of files on the named source.
'Parameter:  String. DCNL Returns:    The string, with ``
'Return True if the given URL is a Content-Type header.
'Return all keyspaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Template settings for CAP: Common Alerting Protocol'.
'Get the default arguments.'.
'Return the exploits module from the given path.'.
'Yields all messages of a translation CSV file.
'Generate a new Attendance Records.
'Given a user id and a list of id, remove an item.
'Convert a list of strings into a dict.'.
'Unquotes a string. DCNL >>> unquote(\'http://code.
'Convert an ordinal value into a datetime object.'.
'Returns True if the given tag has a specific tag name.
'Helper function to get input from the script file.'.
'Gathers losses for all clones.
'Extract username and password from LDAPDN string.
'Build a string representing a song'.
'Returns the number of words for given language.'.
'Search for recordings and return a dict with a \'recording-list\' key.
'Preserves a video directory and keeps it back to its parent.'.
'Adds summary for each mapping in mapping.
'Find compute nodes on the given hypervisor DCNL :param context: the hypervisor
'Calls fasta_fp, combining fasta and mapping file DCNL fasta
'Parse the appropriate path for if exists.'.
'Try to discover the full path for the given site.'.
'Check multi line docstring end.
'Join a coroutine.
'Checks if AFN is NOT installed DCNL used by skipif to skip tests
'Get the pylint version of the installed pylint version.
'Returns a list of volume summary counts for a project.'.
'Completion for "skip" support for the command line.
'Return a string of the translation of the message.'.
'Extract sort_key and sort_dir from request.
'Inverse hyperbolic cosine function'.
'Returns Hessian of the Hessian at the given point.
'Convert a size in bytes to bytes'.
'Set whether or not the autoscale facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts
'Execute the kadmin command'.
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_eval`.'.
'Get the cubic path.'.
'Converts newlines into <p> and <br />s.'.
'Return a build target for a package or build.
'Restricts the expression from an expression.'.
'Update an collection\'s search status.
'Sort pcapcaps using the given path.'.
'Updates the latest instance of this object.
'Check if a PID exists.'.
'Retrieves the next postgres host string from the data.
'Get the unique output of the outputs.
'Reload routes'.
'Return a synchronization wrapper for a RawArray'.
'Setup a MQTT Light.'.
'Return True if the given extension is a valid string.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Takes a release version of the release.
'Writes the review window in the preview window.
'Return a resampler for the given rule.
'Makes a CSR dataset.
'Sorts a list of data by sorting on a tree.
'Make sure the `save_json` argument matches the DCNL value of the `
'Makes a single contiguous signature in a sequence.'.
'Test plotting of Epochs.'.
'Return HTTP headers for credentials.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Recursively rebuild the build
'Replaces all keyword characters in a given keyword string.
'Returns the Differer class for the differer class.'.
'Lists all tests from a pattern and return it.
'get pull requests list from github.
'Returns a status message describing the HTTP status code.
'Make a deferred with the given delay.
'Retrieve the root directory.'.
'Unescape the given node.
'Returns True if `obj` is a sequence of booleans'.
'Add faces from a convex polygon.'.
'Find the root namespace.'.
'Switch database connection to MySQL connections.'.
'Add 32 bits in a 32-bit integer.'.
'Return list of available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'If include_names is ignored, the exclude_names argument is set to exclude_
'Only load if git modules are available'.
'Show the pillar data for a specific minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'callback to handler'.
'This function is used to setup app parameters in tests.
'Test that the buffer changes are changed.'.
'Patch the fake commands.'.
'Insert data into the database.
'Send email notification about user changed.
'Add arguments to the parser.'.
'Filter out non-symbol symbols from the given iterator.'.
'Decorate a decimal datetime to Decimal.
'Find the source line and return the first line of the node.
'Returns the normalized version of the path.'.
'Runs DESeq2 on a mapping file'.
'Try to get the python package name, using the Python package DCNL where the Python
'unary_expression : additive_expression'.
'Given a valid config, create a bucket.
'Get color(mode, mode) from a color string. DCNL :param mode
'Remove all occurrences of the indices that are repeated.
'Entry point for the command line.'.
'Pause a server.'.
'Parse output from lxml'.
'Normalizes a word into a normalized string.
'Test if a type raises an exception.'.
'Ensure that a network is absent.
'Take a list of dicts and return a pair of lists of [(locale,
'Generate a schema for the given DataFrame.
'Similar to sort_keys() but for sort_keys.'.
'Supports the command-line arguments.'.
'Checks if the graph is connected in the graph.
'Return the contents of an interface script DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Inplace column scaling of a CSR matrix.
'Get new repository.'.
'Encodes password with password'.
'Set audio output. DCNL .
'Calls a service.
'Checks if the given string is a valid atom.
'Categorical crossentropy between two tensors.
'Returns a product instance.'.
'Test a make_pie function with a pie figure'.
'Imports an object by name.
'Test for reproducible PDF output'.
'Get files which have a given file type, but with do not have been DCNL
'Creates the logout URL for the given slug.
'Return request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.'.
'Copy a directory tree from src to dst.
'Clears the screen.'.
'Return the VM\'s location'.
'Convert a vector to a sparse vector.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues
'Helper function to initializes the input tensor.
'Get a field call to the given `java_object` command.'.
'Compute the full log density for a mean and variance.
'Return the tree representation of the CIX binary tree.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Renders a fragment link.
'Splits a named range into (name, name) tuples.'.
'Set the header of a given response name.
'Return a list of all the extended extension modules.'.
'Search for uploaded requests.
'Test regularization.'.
'Return window with None.'.
'Parse a HTTP packet'.
'get print pdf'.
'Generate triangular triangles for a 3-dimensional matrix.
'Clears the cache for the site'.
'Stream the user logged-in users stream.
'Creates and exits with two exits'.
'Return a *safe* weak reference to a callable target DCNL target -- the
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Returns True if the bucket_name is in the domain_prefix, else False DC
'Match a string to an OAuth.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Same as :func:`call_call` but returns a callable.
'Prints all the metadata for this version.'.
'Detach a block of Bokeh from a system.
'Concatenate list and return a joined list.'.
'Returns list of ports available at start_port.
'Call a subprocess.call with the given arguments.
'Test to make sure the raw HTML output as raw_html works as expected'.
'>>> list_choices_choices([[, value]) DCNL Arguments
'Use this to figure out a compiler.
'Start watching video uploads of youtube videos.'.
'Deletes the specified security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Ensure that the inner graph GpuGets output.
'Makes sure the result is valid.'.
'Construct a namedtuple of a namedtuple, node, or None.'.
'Test settings option can be overridden with no options'.
'Accepts a GitHub branch and returns the response.'.
'Returns all permissions from given list of urls.'.
'Return a new Gtype object.
'Usage: DCNL 1.
'Attach a role to a role.
'Send a server-update notification about server group.
'Images resource factory method.'.
'Returns the topic weight of the word.
'Get the pricing module.
'Wait for free disk space'.
'Fetch a new CSS element.
'Get a list of available color codes.
'return tag regex'.
'Tests that the image_id field can be validated.'.
'Load a vnc variable from the environment variable \'env\'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Interpret a string value as an int.'.
'Wrap a fragment into a new document with the given content.'.
'Return list of available keys for a user.
'Like `save_encode()`, but writes into a string.
'Create directory or create directory if not already exists.
'Return the location of the chassis.
'Returns the matrix product of a matrix.
'Runs the \'server\' command.
'Context manager to temporarily setting the assumptions in assumptions.
'Helper function to get the id of a process name'.
'Get pagination variables for the given objects.'.
'Convert a hex string to a byte string'.
'Use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible'.
'Move the specified element to the browser.'.
'Convert a data URL into a unicode string.'.
'Helper for `numbers_exceptions`.'.
'Return the text form of the given text'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Create a overlay for the overlay process.'.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Factory method that returns a proxyProxy'.
'Process a collection list.'.
':type args: str DCNL :rtype: list[str] DCNL :
'delete contacts for each company'.
'Flags a flagged object.'.
'Write a fif file.'.
'Fetch from hxhx.'.
'Return a list of estimated numbers.
'Reset the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a form field for a ``db.IntegerProperty``.'.
'Return request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.
'Finds the minimizer for a quadratic polynomial that goes through DC
'Check if a package is installed.'.
'Starts a development app for the given directory.
'Tests that a null type is nullable'.
'Check if geometry is read and set it.'.
'Mimics mimetyplify on a file'.
'Determine the name of a method call to determine if the given DCNL node
'<thread> - gets the raw data for the current channel.'.
'Return the common common path for a list of paths.
'Remove DNS rules for dnsmasq.'.
'Generate fathead head.'.
'Return the differences between two objects in the original dict'.
'Move up or down the stack (no-up)'.
'Computes the grad scaling of a multiplier.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the host name of an instance.'.
'Take a list of column labels and column names together.
'Return an iterator that yields all the sequences in the same order.
'Fix the code of a makefile.
'Convert a pandas tensor of index to labels.'.
'Sum the largest elements of a tensor.
'Calculate the stock value of stock information for the particular supplier.
'Creates an S3 Connection object.
'List table names in a given schema'.
'Returns the path to theportable directory.'.
'Helper to get port output from a node graph.'.
'Returns the final prefix for a qual name.
'User view for a user.
'Delete a service group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Compute cross-valid error score'.
'`[ldap] user_group_config_enabled_group_enabled`
'Create a network interface'.
'Mocks template to render a list of dictionaries.'.
'Get maximum spanning of a loop.'.
'Create a block device mapping.'.
'Get info for a container.
'.. versionadded:: 0.17.0 DCNL Create a pointer from the file
'Calculate the default directory to use for temporary files.
'Render report results.'.
'Unsubscribe a topic from a document.
'Iterate over multiple dictionaries.
'Returns a list of headers names.
'Remove a user from the group.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Helper function used to select multiple primary keys in database.
'Disconnect \'message\' to the given function and print the current function.
'Apply a patch for a list of patches.
'Iterate over a file and return its content-like object `anch`.'.
'Retrieve a hosted zone record.
'Test that we can run a mock.
'Drop a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Checks if the index name is a valid index name. DCNL :param index
'Convert None to None.'.
'Retrieve all volume summary.'.
'Write a docstring to a list of functions.
'Returns the current kernel architecture.
'Send a data to boto server'.
'.
'Test IO of label courses'.
'Validate that the covariance matrices are consistent.
'Return a reloadable port'.
'Given a command line argument, return a unicode string for use as a shell DC
'Simple test viewer'.
'Return a list of groups the named user belongs to DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Helper function to parse a key into a RAR3 hash'.
'Deletes a vlanid entry from db'.
'Render the open request request DCNL .
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Morning Day Star'.
'Generate items from a Suds object.
'Add a new service.
'gpu_from_elemwise(Elemwise_elemwise(gpu
'List all available package upgrades on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Read an object from a socket.
'Ensure the SQS queue is absent.
'Add create_tags to create_create_tags.'.
'Compute ``f1`` with ``f(p)[x]``.
'get_user(s) DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Runs a WSGI-function with a SCGI server.'.
'Evaluates the secondonacci sequence of a multiobjective function DCNL :
'Output the specified server output to the specified server.'.
'Create the set of actions for the specified bookmarks.
'Displays an RGB RGB color.
'Return a list of lines read from file'.
'Test collection errors when collection errors occur.'.
'Return the next host.'.
'statement : NAME'.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Expand ~ and ~user constructs.
'Returns a list of coefficients of ``f``.
'Copies out master_fds to master_fd'.
'A wrapper around the _find_where function that returns the index of DCNL `
'Returns the optional configuration value for a single variable that DCNL is not defined in the
'Loads the Zen format and returns the results.
'convert x to list'.
'Test deleting a category.'.
'Convert an object to a commit.'.
'Open a SVG file, using svgviewer'.
'.
'Builds a bundle and dependencies.
'Imports an object by name.
'Rebuild a function object.
'Helper to split the netmask and raise ValueError if needed'.
'Return the full system command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return marker, limit tuple from request.
'Convert an XML element to a dict.
'remove the given XML element from the given XML element'.
'Get the current render context.
'Parse ``test_file`` to see what file names to ``test_file
'Determine if a power number is a floating point.
'Gets the presentation id for a reference.
'Wrapper for dump_fn. dump_fn.dump() to dump_fn
'Parse an integer into an integer.
'Require the /en/tutorial/tutorial.po store.'.
'Find child nodes with given tag.'.
'Return default settings from kwargs.'.
'Colorize text with colored attributes'.
'Return the list of tuples of the elements in list'.
'Extract request limit from request.
'Get the active modules'.
'return difference between last_val and last_val'.
'Attempt to make an ssh connection without a password.
'Test reading an EEG average reference.'.
'Replace special characters with \'&\'.'.
'Return a decorator for the given middleware.
'Decrypts the given stream and decrypt the input stream.
'Returns a prime number.'.
'Truncate blank lines.
'Convert corpus to index DCNL Parameters DCNL doc : str DCNL output_
'Easy publishing of the release package'.
'Returns True if the given sql expression is open.
'Return the AAAA record for ``host``.
'Write data to a file.
'Simple command-line program for listing the datastore.'.
'Like eval_expr, but returns the result'.
'Returns an editable editor for a class and editor.
'Convert an HTML tag to a list of XHTML tags'.
'Return indices where condition is true'.
'Sets the rate limit for new limit.
'Ensure that a prefix is unique correctly'.
'Finds the next week day and returns the next week.
'Check if rbenv is installed.
'Find the largest element of a list, returning the majority of the element.'.
'Solves the discrete Lyapunov equation using a bilinear regression.
'Returns a prime number of random digits.
'Converts a CTCMPT variable to a CTCMP time.'.
'Convert a string to a list of bytes'.
'Clear the cache from the database'.
'Extract a regexp from a string.'.
'Computes the hash of a durable config item.
'Expected simple_tag_without_context __doc__'.
'Compute ``x**n`` in ``K[x]``.
'Returns the max id for the given database table.'.
'Get the mapconfig config.'.
'struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_decl
'GpuSparseBlockOuter(inplace=False)'.
'Split string into groups'.
'Get the Python library zip from the given course.'.
'Called when the cursor sleeps'.
'Test `no_cookiecutter` when `no_cookiecutter` is
'check to see if minc is installed'.
'Use the default value to find a node with the given text.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Convert the optparse options into a dict.
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Set the current image for the given axes.
'Get membership for given user.
'Test if a stream is a public stream.
'Test inverse of inverse.'.
'This is a helper function that checks that all the keys in the DCNL ddict
'Generates polynomial denominator of degree `n` in `x`.
'Switch an existing organization.
'Parses a cookie parameter.
'Render a template with the given arguments.
'Turn a list of strings into a comma-separated string.'.
'Tries to guess the filename of the given object.'.
'Submits a problem to generate a new problem report.
'Given a `expected` exception `got` and `got`, DCNL determine whether
'Gets a queryset or model instance of a model class.
'Exposes the current :attr:`current_current_current_current` attribute
'Ensure float_range works as expected by float range'.
'exit exit.'.
'Commo Moving Average'.
'Returns an empty metadata object.'.
'Load model parameters from a file.
'Create a new window object.
'Return a list of available routes.
'Parses the options and splits it into an Option object.
'Transform parameters to boolean values.
'Get list of lines that are sent by the sentinel.
'Returns a list of configured IPs.
'Get the comment app (e.g.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\'.
':param mime_type: DCNL :type mime_type: DCNL
'Creates a sqlitedb builder with supplied parameters.
'Returns a formatted string representation of the course type.
'Check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests'.
'Convenience function to return the storage of the asset DCNL :param asset:
'Extract text from an element.
'json serializer for objects'.
'Change the operator operator.
'Return the subset of the list NAMES that match PAT'.
'Retrieves single volume type.'.
'Initialize QWebSettings.'.
'Strip exception from traceback.'.
'Find the differences between two models in the given model1 and app2.
'Make sure that the indexes change_dir does exist.'.
'Return event data to a PostgreSQL server'.
'Test virtualenv'.
'Checks if user is registered for given course.'.
'Register all services.'.
'Returns a ForeignStruct implementation or None'.
'Checks if a MySQL server exists in the database.
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns a list of words in the given file.'.
'Return help documentation'.
'Rotates a 64-bit integer with 64-bit stride.
'Returns a match for the given sentence.'.
'For Windows, convert strings to unicode'.
'Single allocation option'.
'Determine if the word has a vowel in the vowel'.
'Start debugging of an interactive mode.
'Return current plot options.'.
'Attach a json custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Get the mapper for the given instance.
'Download the contents of a file at a particular URL.
'Retrieves all qos specs.
'Setup Insteon Hub component.'.
'Loads a WSGI app from a conf file.
'Returns True if the given user has read/writing the course.'.
'Wraps words at specified line length.
'Split node by adding mul(x, x) or mul(x) to add
'Poweroff a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Find a driver for an instance.
'Return environment arguments.
'A function that parses a string and returns a truncated string.'.
'.
'Validate local IP address'.
'Get the string.'.
'Returns a matrix product of ``a`` and ``b``.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Generates commands to read from a list of files DCNL :param list_files
'Returns the configuration tag used to use in this API.
'This is called only when the server is ready to be stopped.
'Return a list of available instance sizes (flavors).'.
'List keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Ensures that MySQL connections are alive.
'Returns a bool indicating if the driver is available.'.
'Returns the attributive function.'.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Check if a handshake has a valid handshake.
'try to remove attributes from class'.
'Finish the autocomplete element.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Convert Roman numeral to integer'.
'Wrap a call to a function with a timeout.
'Get the repository constructor.'.
'Print a list of all available frameworks.
'Pick counters from the given log interpretation'.
'Remove the distribution from the distribution.
'Check that coordinates can be used as a coordinate array DCNL and make sure the coordinates
'Update an record from a zone.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Issue: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/33
'Returns an absolute URL for the given path.'.
'Display the repository dialog.'.
'Get current movie rate. DCNL .
'Only return if the module is available'.
'Given a path like \'p\' in a directory, find the \'relative\' directory
'Compile a function to the given type.
'Test search command.'.
'Test the extension with partial extensions.'.
'Return the nested nest count in a nested list.'.
'Returns the plural of the given value.
'Verify that installed requirements are valid'.
'Randomly sleep. DCNL Returns a random integer.
'Check if the value is an integer'.
'Create extra fill loops for nested rings.'.
'Test the base reduction function'.
'Check if `require` matches the latest version for a candidate version.
'Fixture providing a fake repos.
'Returns a json status for a task.
'Generate the number vectors vector.
'Return a random rotation matrix.
'List the packages currently installed in a dict:: DCNL {\'<package_name
'Adds the header `hars` with the response.
'Create the transfer manager manager for transfers.'.
'Makes the epsilon for the given state.
'Return JSON with signed request data.
'Generate a file name for a test type.
'Call test functions with a given test.'.
'Test that the CUDA driver works with a numpy GPU'.
'Only load this module if the influxdb libraries exist'.
'Compile the given `uri` into a Python module.
'Get the Document URL for the project and version.'.
'Add noise to the given noise.
'Like print(), but with a list of strings DCNL Parameters DCNL str :
'Write metadata to a file'.
'Returns the current language.'.
'Sets the plugin environment for the plugin.
'Ensure that the named distribution is present'.
'Wrap an enum member object into a new type.
'Generate an IPP for one customer.'.
'A function to connect to an array'.
'Write raw program DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Given a sequence of (filename, filename, filename) pairs, parse the DCNL
'is_null(obj) -> bool DCNL Checks if the object is a null
'Returns `True` if the given URI is an S3 URI.
'Returns a formatted date string for the given string.
'Hide language based on language.
'Set the id function for testing purposes.'.
'Validates the current request\'s API password against the current request.'.
'return a list of (name, rating) tuples'.
'Clean up the database.'.
'Apply a clip to the given function.'.
'Create a new tag for the given words.
'Detach a role to a role.
'>>> sorted(set_missing()) DCNL [1, 2]'.
'Entry point for the rebooted application.
'declaration_specifiers : type_specifier'.
'Creates a response for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Sort a given object.'.
'A simple test to make sure that it raises an exception'.
'Ensure that a pickle file is written to disk.
'Gets a list of tab categories for the given course.
'Parse an HTTP Basic Auth header.
'It should download a wheel (in the scratch path)'.
'Returns the path to the tool_config directory where the repository is configured.
'Prints the results of a single query.'.
'URLquote a string.'.
'Parse the command line for options'.
'Fail with an error.'.
'Return a list of releases for the given episode.
'Returns True if the argument is int, False otherwise.'.
'Checks whether a file exists and looks like an error.
'Get the current revision number.
'Annotate content of youtube_ids on channel IDs.
'Test iterator'.
'Check if the argument is a list.
'Basic non-python tests.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL List storage pools associated with
'Moves the mean of a tensor.
'Registers a user with team permissions.'.
'Returns a list of paragraphs with given length.'.
'Test reading raw CSF font'.
'Shows the model weights for a dataset.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Convert a Python pattern to a regular expression.
'replace (str, old, new[, maxsplit]) -> string DCNL Return
'Detects if the name is detected if it\'s already available.
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'make result from CSV'.
'return the version of the system\'s version'.
'Convert a string to a Unicode string.
'Checks an instance of the RPC status.
'Calculate the next datetime to start the latest datetime.
'Calculate the md5sum of a file.'.
'>>> test_import_func() DCNL True DCNL False DCNL >>> test
'Normalizes newline characters in text.
'Iterate over a filename, yielding filenames to filename. DCNL :param
'Applies a list of args to cmd, subprocessed by args, DCNL
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Sets the nameserver to the
'Test reset_cell'.
'Resources resource factory method.'.
'This view generates a new task.
'Get a string representation of the dictionary.'.
'Get the status of a unit'.
'Initialize the bit system.'.
'Returns \'app_label.ModelName\' if applicable.
'Apply a group operation.
'Define the HTTP User-Agent string to be used as a string'.
'Return main entry point for --help'.
'Kill greenlet asynchronously.
'Deletes keys in the S3 bucket, in the bucket cache'.
'Return true if the object is a user-defined generator function.
'A helper function for defining roles that can be used in roles'.
'Returns a new deployment state dict with all deployment data.
'List all the external extensions.'.
'Accepts a string and returns the first n of the separator.'.
'Equivalent of the FileServer.
'Return a list of all job ids'.
'Installs the templates translations.
'Return a serialized user dict.
'Plugin registration'.
'Get block device mapping.'.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Check the shape of a parameter.
'return ``True`` if the module is present in a module'.
'Calculate the error between weights and a reference matrix.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Register a scale class.
'Returns the relative path to a file in the pack reference.
'Deletes a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return an object identified by `addr`.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Retrieve all headers from a given header name.
'Validates MongoDB options. DCNL :param str options: DCNL :param
'Configure the IOLoop system.'.
'Run matlabels\'s Matlab job.'.
'Rewrite bridge configuration.'.
'Return the kernel kernel parameter.
'Map nspfxs to each of an nspfx prefix'.
'Decode base64 encoded text.
'Set the given properties on an image and update it.
'Return the title of the node as a title in the tree'.
'[phrase] gets the lmng for a message.
'Test conversion of long_value.'.
'Test installing from legacy files'.
'Return True if the VM is in a valid VM.'.
'Run a script with context specified in context.'.
'Takes a number and returns a string representing a number.
'Return True if the given module is installed'.
'Print a summary of euses.'.
'Triangulate the points of (x1,x2,x2) points
'Returns a list of all branches for the given repo'.
'Convert a Markdown source file to HTML.
'Parse input arguments.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test that matplotlib figure works as expected'.
'Clones a repository.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Context manager to set the kernel context.
'Joins the url with the given atom.
'Determine if a path is hidden.
'Wait for a project to become present.
'Returns a dict describing specific flavor.'.
'Creates a zero-filled :class:`cupy.ndarray` object
'Parse the response into a dict of data.
'Create matrix to create a D matrix.
'Performs a search on the given word.
'Generate a cache path for a bkrc file. DCNL :param r
'Creates a access key for a user.
'Updates a stack.
'Refresh the figure.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListEntry object.
'Check that the user can access access the socket directory.'.
'Send a bulk notification to cloud_ids.
'Run HTML tidy.'.
'Convenience function for repr().
'Convert the given node to a query string.
'Gets a model from the given app_name.
'Set the platform context for the platform.'.
'Return data to a postgres server'.
'Determines fill value for a fill value.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return an email address.'.
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Look for a method in the class specified DCNL .
'Send email and send emails to all users.'.
'Download an HTTP response from the target URL.
'Write a FITS file.
'Rename a file or directory.
'Make sure that the task needs to be opened after a new task DCNL This is
'Test querying meta data from activated cache.'.
'Wait to see delete output.'.
'Ignore if the given value is not a non-admin user'.
'Load a certificate from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type of a
'List the queues for this minion'.
'Converts a string to a usable GCE name.
'Return the sqrt depth of a square root DCNL .
'Return a copy of the environment as WSGI env dict.'.
'Convert path to Unix path'.
'Decode a ISO 8601 format string.
'Get all t1 values in t2.
'Loads the data API from the current context.
'Adds the expected photo objects to the given user\'s data.
'Get a worker or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCNL smaller
'Stop watching a document for edits.'.
'Display a desktop window, e.g.
'Parses the value of a boolean attribute.
'Get the rcParams from the given rc file.
'Attempt to determine the browser\'s browser version from the given string.
'github issue #578-modules should work'.
'Returns the grade corresponding to the given adjective.
'Load a Dataset class instance.
'Dispatch from Google Storage API to use.'.
'Get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
'Verify that the user has been verified for an email address.'.
'Parses a timedelta into a timedelta object.
'Removes ANSI color codes from a string.
'Convert integer number to dotted quad string representation.
'Helper function to describe an enum value.
'Generate the lorem impsum for the given `num`.'.
'Check to see if a module exists.
'Entry point for the application.
'Create a quota usage for a given project.'.
'Print a list of tags.'.
'Returns the status message from the HTTP status code'.
'Return the top data for the selected minions'.
'Runs the transfer job state.'.
'Copies the current tab number to a tab number.
'Log nodes when a node is executed.
'Returns a string representing the preferences.
'Display the html index page.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_string(StringIO.StringIO.
'Output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names, followed by "..
'Add a service group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert special characters \'p\' to \'c\''.
'Test get_peak method'.
'Return True if two strings are equal.'.
'Validate that \'value\' is a positive float.'.
'Check if the repo type is installed'.
'Same as a <= b.'.
'Return the information about the current core.
'Get the absolute path of a link to the target.
'Returns a cache key for the given language.'.
'A context manager that creates a temporary directory.'.
'Process an ArcGIS service instance.
'Given a list of template names, returns the first that can be loaded.'.
'Return a path relative to the temp directory.'.
'Extend the data to the specified length. DCNL .
'If \'task_id\' is the \'task_id\''.
'Compare entity_pb.Client proto by comparing key and value.
'Determine whether a track has changed in track info.
'Searches search for a given search term.'.
'Convert a datetime into a datetime.'.
'Set the HTTP Referer'.
'Remove an repo. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Serialize a set of bits.'.
'Activate a salt system'.
'Copy the content length from `source_block` to the destination.
'Retrieve a list of tile responses and return them.
'Recursively call serialize the given input object.'.
'The main function'.
'Return gc_shared_library_library option for use in gcc_library
'Record the purchase and the purchase'.
'Wait for any listening processes to a socket.
'Runs py.test for a sample'.
'Get the minimal output of the given output.
'Register account'.
'Returns a cache key for the given rule.'.
'Write scalable analysis for a gcode file.'.
'str->str DCNL select_url(id, id) -> str DCNL
'Get the value of the CFLAGS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return
'Check whether the reservation is expired.'.
'Create an alias for an index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Stop watching approved revisions for a given product.'.
'Setup the Wink cover.'.
'Ensure that the directory exists.'.
'Import a document'.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a host.'.
'Creates a new image attachment.'.
'Given a string or a query string, return a list of `Query` and DC
'Validate permissions.'.
'Get the overhanging interior of the overhanging edge.'.
'Set the Content-Transfer-Encoding header to 7bit or 8bit.'.
'Enable the named sysv service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Registers a new class with the given name.
'Sanitizes an HTML string.
'Get a child Zone.'.
'Return True if two tokens are equal.
'This function is used to verify all the trees in the fasta labels DCNL fast
'Given a provider_id, return an instance of it.
'Returns the default app id.'.
'Define hinge loss.
'Serialize a collection. DCNL .
'Test sampling of an image with random samples.
'Get vector3 from prefix and xml element.'.
'Get notification subscriptions for a user.'.
'Calls out the OAuth access token in the output file.
'Helper to output a access key.'.
'Adds a bunch of photos to the photo store.'.
'Ensure that exactly `count` matching containers exist and are DCNL running.
'Return True if the given file is a text file, False otherwise.'.
'Get points from a segment and segment.'.
'Generate partitions from the connectivity matrix.
'Make a connection to a destination.
'Handle click help.'.
'Queue the named instances'.
'Make sure that a package is not installed.'.
'Test that a certain warning occurs.
'Generate a list of column names from a list of tuples'.
'Returns a tuple of (nbits, n) where the nbits bits are the
'Convert a string to an integer.
'Evaluate L{Lutut}\.'.
'Convert a user feed to JSON.
'Helps skip integration tests without S3 credentials.
'Initialize data for :func:`idz_sfrm`.
'>>> mult_list_int_list()'.
'Render an HTTP response.
'Return the indices count for the given host.'.
'Load a module from a file.
'Returns True if name is a global variable. DCNL .
'Test getting completion for shell execution'.
'update `ftable`'.
'Fixture providing a Celery app.'.
'Returns a list of live links that have a few times.
'Encode usage_key and student into task_input.
'Dump the state to the gluster configuration file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Extract a build environment variables from a dict'.
'Lookup a hostname and port.
'Checks if password regular expression is not set or not.
'Yield matching instance profiles.'.
'Run multiple tests'.
'Prints the dot representation of the expression.
'Update properties of an image.
'Make sure the progress bar is correct.'.
'Check if a string is a container.'.
'Evaluates the ceil function of an interval'.
'Convert ``val`` to an id.'.
'Turns off the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return the daily count of a model class.'.
'Code that runs on application'.
'Return True if the CUDA convolution is installed.'.
'Resume (0-1) when no time is running.
'ndindex()'.
'Copies a QueryOptions object to a SearchParams proto buff.'.
'Add pixel to the pixel table with steepness.'.
'Determine if the current config has been changed.
'Parse patch from fileset.
'Run unit tests'.
'Generate list of SSH keys.
'Call fg_check_graph(input_specs).'.
'Return the Reader class from the `reader_name` module.'.
'Return information about available packages.
'Compute the exponential of a series of ``rs``.
'Add a cert to the given certificate file DCNL :param cert_alt: The
'Create a group snapshot by id.'.
'Detach a VM from a virtual machine.
'Use ghostscript\'s ppdf\'s xpdf\'s ppdf\'s
'Adds a page for the requested page if requested.'.
'.
'Regression test for #5195, where the identifier should be found.'.
'Get loop length.'.
'Wrapper around unprocess.execute().
'Perform a continuous confidence interval estimation.
'Delete a task.
'To leave a transaction management for a running thread.
'Convert a bcd value to a decimal value. DCNL :param b:
'Checks if the forum for a user has access to this forum.
'Return the path to the syslog-ng configuration file.
'Test IO of inverse computation and inverse computation'.
'xread(file, encoding) -> dict DCNL Read the file-like object
'Check if the test size and subset of the test size and split it.'.
'Provided for backwards compatibility.'.
'Get the constructor of an object.
'Convert a python string to a native ntuple.'.
'Returns a list of available key algorithms.
'Extract the snapshot data from disk.'.
'Load profile'.
'Return base64 encoded image as base64'.
'Returns the largest elements of a and b.'.
'Flip the images on the same axis.
'Reads the state file and returns a dictionary.'.
'Recurse through all modules and print them to a module tree.
'Check if task has been changed.
'Set attributes by arguments.'.
'construct a deconstruct DCNL s :class: string DCNL :class:`
'Ensures that the index argument is not in the index, and DCNL checks
'Login using VM'.
'Format msg msg if necessary'.
'Write data to socket.'.
'Return a list of all files on the master'.
'splitenv(\'/url\', \'url\', \'path\', \'
'Group table columns by default.'.
'Parse the grammar and save messages to the command line.
'Parse a word into an integer. DCNL .
'User-callable function to create and return a unique temporary DCNL directory.
'Redirects the URL back to the given domain.
'Create an object in the db.'.
'Return a JSON serializable version.'.
'Determines whether a decision should be made.
'Return data from the "End of Central Directory" record, or None.
'Calculate the gn of a logarithm (i.e.,
'Execute queries against SQLite3, merge and return as a dict'.
'Return a chunk of nltk.
'Load an ImageFont from the specified filename.
'Change the working directory of the default working directory.
'Download data from `source`.
'Delete tags from an instance.
'Tests pagination can be paginated.'.
'(.|\n)*?\n)*?\n?\n(
'Authenticate using Django\'s auth database'.
'Takes a playlist and returns a formatted string.'.
'Returns the shortest possible module name'.
'Calculate the rank of a string.'.
'Sync runner modules from ``salt://_run`` to the master DCNL sal
'Returns the indentation of a given number_size'.
'Callback for pause'.
'This estimatorimates decimation of channels.'.
'A context manager that raises an exception with a regexp.'.
'Chunk POST data into chunks DCNL .
'Create a Template object for the given filename.
'Zero-aligned matrix to be zero.
'rules : CONTINUE'.
'Reverse of dumps(), raises BadSignature if signature fails.
'Get a child cell'.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Plots a mean probability for a given sample. DCNL Parameters DCNL sample :
'Extracts and reads from a fasta file.'.
'Get the reason for a cluster.'.
'Plot line lines.'.
'Load a private key from a buffer.
'Given a list of email addresses, return a tuple.
'Add a config file to the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Calculates the minimum max interval between x and y.'.
'Handle handling of POST request.
'Verify that the policy is valid.
'Add offset to vector3.'.
'Get all cells.'.
'Return a lambda function by name.
'Test that a Fourier series is raised when the inverse of a square.
'Define a TripleT loss.
'Solve a matrix between a and b.'.
'Returns an updated version of info.
'Returns the formatted date for the given HTTP header.
'Set CRUD string'.
'Creates an addon with the given addon'.
'Return an iterator of spider classes.'.
'Dump probes to a file.
'Returns a dict with non-private exploration summary domain objects.
'Get the cobbler library.
'Test validation of valid tests.'.
'Calculates the sum of all metrics for a file'.
'Extract summary from a docstring to a summary.
'Determine the disk bus for a device type.
'This tests if all costs are compatible.
'Get a rendered template.
'return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions'.
'Creates an ElementTree with the specified string.
'Sets the database used for the HashDBMS option'.
'Extract counters from a set of lines.
'Updates a branch DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Visualize detections of detected boxes.'.
'Takes a number and returns the hex string representation.'.
'Run make_make_files. DCNL Args: DCNL docs: Make
'Pure implementation of np.sort_indices that returns np.ort'.
'Draw a graph showing the given node.'.
'Create a symbol at the specified address.'.
'Gets a branch or tag based on the ref.
':type channel: cloudbot.client.Client DCNL :type chan: str
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Restores a file from the system DCNL .
'Count the entries of a zipfile.
'Read LSM pairs from file and return as list.'.
'Insert text into a cursor.
'Create a new grep widget.
'Insert a item in a list, assuming the item is sorted.
'Turn interactive mode off.'.
'Render a single-action workflow.
'Gets the storage level of the request.
'Return True if the url belongs to any of the given domains'.
'Shortcut to create a directory structure for the given base class'.
'Setup the discovery platform.'.
'Test writing and writing of source spaces'.
'Inputs a user id, returns the new line id.
'Return an iterator over the digits of a sequence.
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Returns the module to use with course info related information.'.
'Make sure we can produce integers'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Update the style of an inherited style dicts.'.
'Evaluates an exponential exp.
'simple-header <name>.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Write graph to dot.
'Ensure that the named container is present DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Delete a parameter group.
'\'foo\' --> (\'3\', \'foo\')'.
'Auxiliary function that accepts args and kwargs.'.
'Run a map from parallel_provider.
'Lock the media list lock.
'List installed packages on the system.
'Determine if the write_config option should be read.
'initialise conf'.
'Runs a command and returns its output.
'Make sure the unrequests of a list of unrequested requests.'.
'Commits a transaction.'.
'Run thrift.'.
'Converts the binary IP address to a 4-byte address.
'helper function of the period of a set of n.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'Take an optdict and return a tuple of option value.
'.
'Find all globals in this statement.'.
'TODO docs.'.
'Split user into account partitions.
'Creates gRPC stub to make requests to the API.
'Show details of a user.
'Create an infinite grid for rectangular dimensions.
'Validate that the permissions for the node and contributors are DCNL valid.
'Test authenticated user using authenticated user.
'Test whether a path exists.  Returns False for broken symbolic links'.
'Updates volume type.'.
'Update the given headers.
'Sort a list of dictionaries according to the given column.
'Open a web page in a web browser.
'Runs a remote ftp command to file'.
'This function creates a link role in the user\'s role.
'Returns the message associated with the given permission code.'.
'Return an iterator over all lexer classes.'.
'Returns a string suitable for RFC 2822 compliant Message-ID, e.g.
'Subtracts an expression from a given node.
'Generate an inception_params variable.'.
'Returns True if the input is related to the news. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Compute resultant of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Read a bearer token file and return the contents of the token.
'Updates a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parses the specified type and returns a tuple of the string.
'Test that Odmall_mall works properly.'.
'Parses a timedelta and returns a timedelta.
'Dump a certificate request to a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type
'Returns the dot product between two vectors.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Runs a remote to a specified location.
'.
'Ensure that all proxies are running on the proxy host.
'Load user info from cookie file.
'Replace all links in the document with their relative links'.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Initialize libzmq.'.
'Splodge a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return True if the given object is a mapped class.
'Setup the Ubuntu'.
'Hanging Pattern'.
'Downloads a URL from a module. DCNL .
'Waits for a running interval'.
'Return a reversed changelog for the latest changeset revision.
'Find the type of a function.
'Returns the type of obj as a string.
'The main function to run wsgi app.
'Deletes all quotas associated with a given project.'.
'Implement ctx to load context'.
'Returns True if the request should be trusted for a given request'.
'Test rl_begin_of_line.'.
'check opts for choice'.
'Set a HTTP response for the given blob_size header.
'Safe version of os.path.join that encodings.
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6.
'Sanitize a filename with some illegal chars.
'Minimize a request and return a reasonable code.
'Yields all collections that are available in the bus.
'Generates a client_login token from an HTTP response.
'HTML link to the parent document of the parent document.
'Return the next byte encoded hex encoding.
'Disable all warnings.'.
'Given a show name, return the indexerid of the exception DCNL and index
'Validates that the `course_modules` is valid in the master and DCNL
'Shortcut for Short'.
's hello'.
'Get the index of a path with the shortest segment.'.
'Register Models and create metadata.
'Return a .
'Strips any trailing slash from a URI.
'Uses all interfaces to connect to all interfaces and their IP addresses.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Common setup for tasks.
'Make a hash hash for the given x and y values.
'Add a constant to the given float.'.
'Close the library for Library'.
'Create or create a Cluster instance.'.
'Outputs an `Expires` header for `delta`.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.time.
'Stop saving time slot'.
'Makes a CDF from a Hist object.
'Get a list of recommended brands.'.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a Carbon Aqua Tk.'.
'Returns the service module name for a service model.
'Sends a json message to a topic.
'Find the header of a filename.'.
'Partitions a predicate into true and false entries.
'Sanitize an HTML string.
'Given a module name, load and a package (or None).
'Cut the title with a given string.
'Enable the HA server for a specified backend DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Consume a decrypted number.
'Postprocess mediafiles DCNL :param processPath: Path to process DCNL :
':param node: Root node DCNL :return:'.
'Upgrade the database schema.'.
'Install and install app'.
'Determines if a sequence is sorted.
'Parses a range header into (bytes, units, units) and DCNL
'A view that renders the response with the given DCNL context.'.
'A coroutine for processing.'.
'A function that calls the Timer function with the given event handlers.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Tests that the trajectory is a tripletuple with the 1D tensor DC
'List all the blobs from a container'.
'Iterate over the images retrieved from a FITS file.
'Convert a local path to a canonical path.'.
'Convert a bool value to a boolean value.
'Apply provider facts from provider facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict):
'Formats the file size into a human readable format'.
'Returns the number of nodes in the G.
'Add a non-empty XML element to the value.'.
'HTML tag. DCNL Use :param object: The object to display DCNL :
'Correct\'s alpha results DCNL Args: DCNL x: A list of
'Return hour as days.'.
'Read the Element Data of type :data:`UNICODE` DCNL :
'Helper function to launch threads.
'A wrapper for the `dict`.'.
'Compute spherical harmonic function.'.
'Return a list of dirs in the given buffer.'.
'Convert a hexadecimal string to hex encoding'.
'Create a new figure for the given figure.
'Get the MD5 checksum of a container'.
'Adds a query to a query.
'Tests updating the editing method'.
'Gets the number of blocks in the course.
'Load an object from the file named object.
'Parses a string representation of an email address.
'Return a string representing an HTTP expire date.
'Converts a list of tuples into True and False and False.
'Helper function to return a binary string.'.
'Convert a msg_uri to a relative path.
'Series of a list of values.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Sets the variable to a variable
'Remove users from a new node.
'Check if a repository is installed.'.
'Split a generated filename.'.
'Return a page preview of the resource.
'Emit function for printing function calls to sys.show() function.
'Get the prefix for object metadata key.
'Create a list of index objects from results.
'Returns a list of day names (e.g.
'Generator to iterate over a GeneBank file.
'Get the current working directory.'.
'Execute queries against MySQL query'.
'Normalize region name.'.
'Fill lines with specified length. DCNL Parameters DCNL s : string DCNL length
'Discretize model by center.'.
'Use the annotated tag annotations to do not overlap.'.
'Log all the cache stats for the given registry.
'Return the commit hash of a given package in a pkg_path.
'Calculate the center of the bounding box.'.
'Unregister a specific node.
'Checks for duplicate line comments.
'.
'Returns the timestamp ID for the given table.'.
'>>> x = test_close() DCNL >>> next_close() DCNL >>>
'**DEPRECATED**: use :func:`defined`.'.
'Step 2: The product is selected.'.
'Coerce array to a pandas Series if it is not already a DCNL
'Encodes a multipart/form-data container into a multipart form.
'Get the color of a preference'.
'Determine the crash directory for the given host.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Create register_numbers and reg_ns rules.
'Initialize the Glance store.
'Step that scenario\'s scenario has a `hashes_quotes` where the
'yields the generator of a given distribution.
'Normalize the locale into a human-separated string.'.
'Same as :func:`interpolate_after`, but returns None if no
'If the environment variable W3AF_PROFILING is set to 1,
'Determine a release name from nzb_name.
'Get command line args from the user.'.
' Moving Average'.
'Find the indentation of a node.'.
'Update a namespace, raise if not found'.
'Calculate percentage statistics from drop.
'Same as get_default_gui, but returns None.'.
'Return the temporary directory of QIIME.'.
'Create an ElastiCache replication group.
'Initialize component.'.
'Enable or disable the context manager for media.
'Run a command and return its output.'.
'Return a set of nodesets which are union of the given iterable.'.
'Test PackageFinder only supports pre-release.'.
'Returns ``True`` if the specified arg is method.
'Returns a human readable time string'.
'Render the current position'.
'Main program.'.
'Get all the changes made by repo.'.
'Get maximum number of virtual IPs in the system.
'Get all clients by token.
'Clip a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Tests that the convolutional layers are stored in the DCNL convolutional
'Return a dict containing information about all of distros from the distribution.
'Call tadm.'.
'Fail the test if exception is raised.'.
'Helper function to format urls with parameters passed in params.
'Get the children of the given local name.'.
'Modify hosts. DCNL :param host_filter_data: Filters out
'This is called before the test_data editor.'.
'Produce status, headers, body for a critical error.
'Automatically assigns `self`.
'Test rl_delete_char.'.
'Convert a matplotlib date (or sequence) to a Julian date (or
':rtype: dict[str, str]'.
'Return the attribute of the given object.'.
'Return user\'s crontab and group info'.
'Provides a specific mode DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return a Python enum dictionary with name and types.'.
'Return True if `x` is a nullable object'.
'Collapses a matrix to an axis.
'Fetch data from a URL.
'Sets the URLconf for the current thread.
'Try to fix each record in each record of this frame.
'Encode a raw URL into a mirror path.
'Defines the default argument scope.
'.
'Format the job instance correctly'.
'Split the given statement into newlines.
'Rewrite all of the published data.
':rtype: iterable'.
'Convert lat/lon to numeric notation'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table. DCNL :param address: the address
'Get boolean from the dictionary and key.'.
'Return a query for all activities from group_id follows.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws
'Include files in the given filenames.
'Returns the similarity of two sets of two objects.
'Execute a standalone test.
'Return a formatted string containing the current date.
'Remove all universal arguments from config vars'.
'Edit a post.'.
'Runs a setup script in a directory.
'The main function.'.
'Highlight faces in a set of faces.
'Get a list of national numbers for a phone number.
'Create a SMP name'.
'Create a random tweet'.
'Same as `frappe.defer.async()`, but wraps the
'Attempt to get width and height of windows.'.
'Lazy variant of string concatenation, needed for translations that are DCNL constructed
'Set color lights.'.
'Returns the active key for the given app version.'.
'Listidents belonging to this profile DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Change the activity\'s status for an exploration.
'Reverse all repository libraries.'.
'Returns a list of album by ID.'.
'Creates an audit info object for the request.
'Return a cluster manager object'.
'Mount cgroups to \'cgroup\'.
'Save a model to file.
'Read from a file if it\'s modified.
'Detects available PCI devices.'.
'Test plot of evoked data.'.
'Load media library object. DCNL .
'Set video aspect ratio. DCNL .
'Fix sys.stdout and write to stdout/stderr.'.
'Add path to the remaining edge.'.
'Returns the amount of space in logs.'.
'Checks if the given HTTP header looks like an "hop_name" DCNL
'Return a new floating-point value.
'Grep value for a variable in a variable.'.
'Converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring.
'Build the vCenter config object for vim.
'Get new repository.'.
'Convert signal number of signals to a set of signals'.
'postfix_expression : postfix_expression'.
'Add a new variable to the make.conf DCNL Return a dict containing the new
'Return first read from stdin.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Group objects in order.
'Merge two mappings into a single hash.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Add a filename to the file extension.
'Return a list of the images that are on the provider'.
'gpu_from_elemwise(gpu_from_elemwise(gpu
'Validate the configuration and return a BBD scanner.'.
'Make sure the given file is present in the DFS filesystem.
'Make a new width field set.
'Get the notification service.'.
'Get all known settings.'.
'Determine a specific item from item code'.
'Start a web server.'.
'Extract version from __init__.py from __init__.py DCNL
'Given a path to a static file, return the absolute path.
'Verify flushing of the history works.'.
'Updates the specified security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return the number of Fibonacci sequences in the n.'.
'Recursively resolves the given object.
'Returns the ridge gradient corresponding to the alpha penalty.
'Return the directory of a process.'.
'Error checking on routines that return geometry.'.
'Test the pylengl backend'.
'Create a configuration parser from the given file name.'.
'Creates a location for the specified block.'.
'get a random range (a, b) -> a random integer.
'Escape a string in an OAuth-compatible fashion.
'Log a meeting in the meeting log'.
'Simplestreams the application that starts the application\'s application.
'Get timestamp from a URL.'.
'Return a list of active virtual machine names on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Test the fitting method'.
'Create a group from the values dictionary.'.
'If necessary, adds a key to the cache key.'.
'Return The description for the plugin type.'.
'Sets the profile function for the current thread.
'Compute an identity matrix.
'Return quotient in ``K[X]``.
'Replaces AND character (\' \') with \'GREATEN\') with a
'Determine if the given height is taller than the given width and height'.
'Save facts to local facts DCNL Args: DCNL filename: The filename to
'Only load if mako is installed.'.
'Return a badge class suitable for a given user.
'Generate a traceback object for the given crash files.'.
'Gets the abstract component'.
'Display an image on the system.
'Chunk an iterator into a chunk.
'Return the text for the given token index.
'Only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than DCNL the given
'Returns a JSON representation of the form {id} as JSON.
'Check to see if an ElastiCache subnet group exists.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Generates random slices of a single shape.'.
'Parse metadata into a M3u object.
'Get changed languages'.
'Compute the error squared error function.
'Return the raw input parameters'.
'Check to make sure weights are valid.'.
'.
'Identical to ParseResponse, except that: DCNL 1.
'Like float, but returns None.'.
'Get the URL for a comment.
'Return an Elasticsearch label for a given filter.
'Convert a date format to a string.'.
'Execute apf command'.
'Return a list of ps and order items.
'Delete an optgroup group.
'Play a sound using Win32 based on a sound.'.
'Overwrite the given URL path.
'Disconnect the given socket object.'.
'Get files from the list of all add-ons in the given addon GUIDs.
'Reconstructs the URL from the WSGI environment.
'Asserts the specified output contains no text.'.
'Build an object id from the collection.
'polar projection, but in a rectangular box.'.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Check that the AltAz dataset works around the right observation.
'Test update_mean_data.'.
'Create a terminal writer.'.
'Returns True if the given object has a parent of its parents.'.
'Generate a figure with a matplotlib figure.
'Remove leading indent from lines.'.
'Update a provider_location dict from provider_location dictionary. DCNL :param item
'Returns a view for the given service instance.
'Load a libcloud library.
'Saves an image to disk.'.
'Creates a response with headers and parameters.
'Emit analytics events for a user.
'Return a match string.'.
'Wrapper for release.'.
'User register.'.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Returns the product\'s products.'.
'Save the descriptor to the queue.'.
'Handle a failure, raise an exception if fails.'.
'The locale metrics page.'.
'A replacement for :py:func:`x.protocol` with the response
'convert a list of squares to a Gaussian distribution'.
'Check for available population availability of population.
'Test atariance query'.
'Get all qos specs for a volume type.'.
'Calls the API call.
'Returns the number of windows in the given length n.
'Update download navbar'.
'Remove all registered files.'.
'Get a list of all available widgets.'.
'Detect if the code is running in the App Engine environment.
'Find the mutual influence between x and groups.
'Evaluates an exception with no warnings.'.
'Return metadata as a L{MetaInfo} object'.
'Convert a string to its integer'.
'Prints out a bucket\'s access control list.'.
'Creates a default router.
'Add null handler for null_handler.
'Custom URL to match all requests'.
'Search for recordings with EPRIVATE.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'This method instantiates and returns a low cipher object.
'Transform the exception but keep its traceback intact.'.
'Check for assertEqual(A).'.
'Get all provider_portals and list of PayPal services.
'Creates a histogram from the given model.
'toggle control pin'.
'Generate a gid counter.
'Convert ctypes to a list.'.
'Get the tetragrid from the elementNode.'.
'Convert a long option name to a valid Python identifier'.
'Run vm tests in VM'.
'Given a list of base classes, determine the base class.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Create a push on the repo.'.
'Return the total volume for a meter.
'Return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current DCNL settings in sys
'Fixes the package_data paths for each package in the package.
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return an HTTP connection object.'.
'Pre-orientation transform from J2000.
'Retrieve all quotas associated with a given project.'.
'Recursively clone two dictionaries DCNL >>> deepcopy_dict(1,
'Perform the attenuation filter DCNL https://github.com/astropy/
'Solve a `fgraph` with a symbolic similarity of ``f``.
'Joins list with the given value.'.
'Return a symbolic variable.
'Computes the energy energy for a given signal.
'Return the intersection of the elements that are not overlapping.
'Run a profiling function.'.
'Convert dtype to dtype.
'Get the matrix key string.'.
'Depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for DCNL the GenericIPAddress
'Permutes mapping ``map`` or dictionary.'.
'Return a dict of all environment variables found on the master'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Recursively deletes any empty folders contained within a check_empty_folder and
'Convert a locale to the default locale.
'Compute `ffft` where `f_fft` is one of
'Return a dictionary with keys and values converted to a dictionary.
'Return whether we should skip this module.'.
'Create a file client, and add it to the context.
'Returns compressed KMZ from the given KML string.'.
'Returns the first group that is logged in.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Format a datetime object.
'Determine if the given object is a ToolLoadError'.
'A function to return a list of EmailAddress strings representing a list of DCNL fields
'Returns True if language_list is English, False otherwise.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Gets roots and weights for a signal.
'Like zip_int, but returns a list of tuples, where the length of
'Regression test for bug files.
'Combine multiple context managers into a single context manager.
'Write a value to a GPIO.'.
'Provides the EC2 ID for the given ec2-id.
'Set the global URL to use in the global cache.'.
'Apply a function to the match group.
'Refresh scores.'.
'Main entry point.'.
'Enters a transaction management for a running thread.
'Get a gcode text.'.
'Check whether or not a rectangle is small enough.'.
'Tests whether plugins are enabled.'.
'Manage a container DCNL container DCNL path to the container location DCNL path
'Create directories.
'Verify that the keypoints are supported by the Numeric image.
'Wrapper around os.popen() which prints the current user to DCNL the
'Validates that the actions in the target_dict are valid.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Left a new line, where the cursor should be copied.
'.
'XOR a key with the specified length.
'Split the lines into lines.'.
'Truncates a string to a given length.'.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Translate an location to a URL.
'Determines if the approximation needs to be used to fix SEMV.'.
'Output the graph for Texinfo.
'Computes the difference of two images.
'Gets the list of comments for the given post.
'Retrieves the authorized user for a given scope.
'Strips all HTML attributes from an arbitrary HTML attribute.
'Run all files in the repo'.
'Only load the module if qemu-img is installed'.
'Reverse the current record for a process.'.
'Converts a lookup expression to a human friendly string.'.
'Assert that the symbol returned by sympy.symmarrays are represented DC
'Return the first section of a path'.
'Attach a volume to the database.'.
'Get the unique vertexes.'.
'Print interfaces of device.'.
'Get the class of an object.
'Get the opt options for this method.'.
'Compute the solution of ``f`` where ``f_0`` are the same
'Test GL backend for ES 2.'.
'Ask a question'.
'Extract limit from request.
'Converts an HTTP response to a dict.
'Pulls any changes in the git repository.
'Return the number of available cpids'.
'Create a new SSL socket wrapping function.
'Logs a login status when successful'.
'Parses the duration of a string.
'Test that we can construct an appropriate number of tests.'.
'Run migrations in \'offline\' mode.
'Gets the default preferences for a user.
'Translates a LaTeX string into a LaTeX document.
'Returns a list of supported modules.
'Handles the checkout data for the given user.
'Reset permissions for given document'.
'Evaluate an expression that is in a callable.
'Check if the variable is a type of simple types.'.
'Scales the given image length.
'Log the query for a named name.'.
'make a block of dtype and reshape it'.
'Initialize data for :func:`idr_aid`.
'Returns a specific template ID from the given name.
'Return the IP address of an HTTP request.
'This method is called by the first operation.
'Find user\'s home directory if possible.
'Computes hash of a set of conda packages.
'Return True if ``filename`` is a text file, or False otherwise.'.
'Get the active view of the window.
'Determine if the point is inside the loop and is inside the loop.'.
'Convert an integer to a long integer.'.
'Checks whether the given string is lowercase.'.
'Truncate fasta seqs, base, and return seqs.
'Checks for parent spacing.
'Common initialization routine.'.
'This method checks for idempotency using the vlan-show command.
'Get the pkg version'.
'Find and return Vera switches.'.
'Translate a path to UTF-8 encoding.
'Computes the distance matrix of feature sets.
'Return human-readable string'.
'Serialize Python data to pickle.'.
'Checks if the request has a permission for the given context.
'get a prototype for a prototype'.
'Helper function to create a new user list from searching through the list of DCNL username
'Run tox tests.
'.
'Return the version of dipy.
'Create the MD5 hash of the given word from the database to use for DCNL
'Return a list of all methods of a class.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs using Core.
'Setup the ZigBee platform.'.
'Removes any slashes from text.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sets clipping points to skein mode.'.
'Create an annotated table from data.
'Remove given volume type from project_type.'.
'Display the details of an addon.
'Create a firewall for a F5 firewall DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL .
'Test that reading a single input file can be used with arbitrary DCNL type'.
'Encrypt data using the given hash algorithm.'.
'Create a fake KQueue object.'.
'Table with no header row and auto-column names'.
'Delete the metadata item.'.
'Parses a coil name and returns a tuple of (prefix, nick, prefix
'concatenate vals into one of vals, and return a tuple.
'Increment retention period for a stream.
'Parse an RFC822 string into a datetime object.
'Returns active users'.
'Split a path into a list of path components'.
'Wraps the input in a 4D tensor DCNL with the given input,
'Returns a label based on the changeset revision.'.
'.
'Decodes a UNIX timestamp into a list of (timestamp, timestamp, DC
'Returns whether the given file path is hidden.
'Execute the given command.
'Test IO for reading and writing'.
'Return the status for the Jenkins job.
'Create an Enumerator.
'Adds a new repository to repos.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'PR INFORMATION Section 9.3.31'.
'Build correct answer string for given geometry.
'Only load this module if the kernel is installed'.
'Validate that the \'bitmap\' of a Bitmap image.'.
'Generates a list of ints, tiles, counts and total offsets for the DC
'Return a list of the 2-tuple template embedding in the 2.0
'Check to see if the given locale is available.
'Strip the site_template template from the current site.
'Test working copy from remote source.'.
'Checks if the given list and token lists are similar.
'Test that `fill_value` raises a ColumnValueError when DCNL the fill
'Hop a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'.
'List the package_ids matching a package into a dict:: DCNL {\'<
'Return full pathname of installed Makefile.'.
'Test tabhistory.activeItem with active tabs.'.
'Returns a random integer ID for use in the provided range.
'Regression test for file system directories.'.
'Approximate the position of true_position in truthy coordinates.'.
'Escape special characters in a string.'.
'Given a subnet id and an subnet name, return its details.
'Makes sure distance is a distance object.'.
'Fetches date and time series for a given histogram.'.
'Train using GSN.'.
'[1,2] --> [\'2\', \'set\']'.
'Determine whether `obj` is an object.
'Test listing the dhcp options'.
'Check differences from ICRS and distortion coordinates.'.
':param acs: List of AttributeConverter instances DCNL :param att
'Escape script characters from text.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Extracts a single exported file path from a zipfile object.'.
'Discrete Fourier transform of a set of vectors'.
'Get raw data.'.
'Register a custom format class.
'Return a chunk of NLTk.
'Convert a Context object to a string.
'Load and return a module class.'.
'yaml: lock DCNL Update lock on all locks.
'Convenience function to join left-right and left side join'.
'Check for \'test\'.
'List members'.
'Gets the inputs and outputs valid inputs for a given rule.
'Toggle a skills subscription to a user.
'Get the mysensors sensors.'.
'strings.rfill()'.
'returns a list of regions used by XenOS.
'Validate a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
'Test the angular momentum matplotlib.
'Extracts the entity group from an entity reference.
'Add weights for a variable.
'Reshapes the given Tensor to size.
'Return True if the architecture is X64'.
'Test that the psi decomposition of a PSI file handle'.
'Register callback after connect to app.
'Return a random byte string.'.
'get-spider-stats - get the running spider'.
'This function checks if the value is a valid Vtuple, returns a boolean DC
'Print data to a Unicode string.'.
'Fateman\'s orthogonal distribution.
'Deep copy of the keys in dictionary.'.
'Attempt to coerce the encoding of the given path to the filesystem.
'Auxiliary function for permutation_test_score'.
'Update an existing value in a file.'.
'Context manager to silence warnings.
'Wrapper around open_pty_fd() that works as a slave.'.
'Test double install install'.
'It should be able to ensure that the AST can be inserted'.
'Checks whether user can delete dictionary.'.
'Convert an argument to a URI.
'Check if refname is formatted correctly.'.
'Given a group of workers, return a list of all worker entries'.
'Makes an histogram from a list of values. DCNL Args: DC
'Convert signal name to an integer.
'The generic script can be customised by using parameters (see config.py).'.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Return a dictionary that can be converted to a dictionary.'.
'Compute the intersection of a region.
'Expand the environment variables in a path'.
'Test adding an existing query to two nodes.'.
'Parses a GFF/GFF attribute string and returns a dictionary of name
'Back up a backup of a backup'.
'Returns a list of URLs for a resource in a URL, DCNL given a URL
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the
'Builds and runs daily promotions.'.
'Extract dictionary from field_ids to match fields DCNL Parameters DCNL field_
'Returns (part_index, part_index, parts) with parts of DCNL
'Test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace DCNL masked values in
'Return bootstrap samples from data.
'Convert a one letter to a variable. DCNL >>> one_to_index
'Create a new dashboard.
'Coerce a number to a port.
'Given an instance of host and n_cores, try to determine if it is
'Test that /generate.dump works properly'.
'Context manager to start a worker.
'Helper function to return the path to the static files.
'Checks if two variables are equal.
'Test that SAMPClient can be instantiated'.
'Return a set of request objects.'.
'Calculate a CRC-32 string.
'Return typelib libraries for module'.
'Return a list of nictag DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a list of dicts, sorted with top-level values DCNL Args
'Print the course tab.'.
'Loads a custom template tag.
'The inverse of an error function'.
'Sends a PUT request.
'Open the approval for a given path.'.
'return true if x is int'.
'Given a set of groups, see which match groups in matches.
'Turn a unicode string or bytes to unicode'.
'Converts a native list to a native list.'.
'Return the entries that are published in the queryset.
'Monkey-patch uninterruptions.
'Renders an HTML page.
'Validates a reposebebib plugin.'.
'Return the latest episode of a series.
'Convert a sequence to a sequence.
'Test ICA computation.'.
'Return a format string for the given struct type.
'Parse a list of stories into a YAML document.
'Return A BSA tag string.
'Return a list of all floating IPs'.
'Return a saturated color.
'Get API method for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Create a notification on a remote path.
'Reads all the input data.'.
'Send a message to Nagios with the data'.
'Retrieve the backmap of the underlying memmap instance.
'Creates a subclass of cls.'.
'Helper function for split_branchors.'.
'Remove a user from a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'OpenCL get_branch()'.
'Helper function for getting IP address from a request if it does not exist.'.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL running
'declarator : declarator'.
'Return the maximum of all the names in a given service_names.'.
'Configure BGP from config file'.
'Assert that the python module is import.
'.
'Kill image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Switch to interactive mode.'.
'Create an ELB.
'Default index page'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Return an :obj:`OrderedDict` with a description of the data
'np.signed_signal()'.
'long_long(s) : int DCNL :param s: a string to
'Returns the datastore type of the given app.
'Interpolate a block of x.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'List all the resource pools for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Find and return the subscription type.'.
'Replaces extra_esponse with an extra html response.
'Compute the HMAC-SHA1 HMAC-SHA1 for use with "
'Iterate over groups and colors in the prefixed format.'.
'Check to see if features are available'.
'Return the full url to the Bootstrap template DCNL Default value: ``None``
'Return a filter to check if it does not exist.'.
'Return a storage engine.'.
'Retrieves a user\'s selected form.
'Function to return the number of items in a collection.'.
'Aborts a twitter account.
'Translate a string into a word.'.
'Send and receive packets at layer 2 DCNL nobs: put 1 to avoid use
'Rename transcripts from video upload.
'Gets a list of models from the given `app_label` strings.
'Given a reply, return the replies with the response'.
'Cleans up IAM IRI to make sure that the machine can be used for
'Check if the path is recursively.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://docs.com/library/questions/
'Test qute_error log.'.
'Retrieves all methods associated with the given resolver.'.
'Utility function to parse a ticket tuple.'.
'Refresh the default policy file.
'Resizes the Zone slave to the slave.'.
'Test that dcos_client can be restart'.
'Return `num` items of `iter`.
'Make a ``Valuation`` from a list of concepts.
'Test listing a \'backup-list LATEST\' on an empty list.'.
'Split a line into words'.
'Folder pages'.
'Collect column columns from given specs.'.
'Raise an exception where `where` is not a nested tuple.'.
'Get the span direction from the overhanging of the extrusion perimeter.
'Get the contents of a process on the given pid.'.
'Test min_str().'.
'Load a collection instance from configuration.'.
'addr1=destination, addr2=source, addr2, addr2=
'<domain> -- gets information about the current machine.
'Return a list of tool_dependency objects to create a tool shed.
'Prints a message to stdout.
'Initialize flowgrams. DCNL .
'Calculate out the age for a date and date.'.
'Create a shamplify. DCNL .
'Only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than DCNL
'Clone the expression with a statement.'.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument'.
'Returns XLS representation of DataBook.'.
'Retrieve the bw usage for a given mac.'.
'Converts an expression to a string.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Convert a data struct to an unsigned integer.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the specified text.
'Get the xml element by key.'.
'A context manager that temporarily creates the output of the stdout.'.
'Delete an event'.
'A convenience wrapper for num_to_seconds DCNL Arguments: DCNL o
'Plot all unit points in a data structure.'.
'Parse host_string into a set of hosts. DCNL :param list_
'Get a retention policy.
'Checks if the backend is configured.'.
'Parse the \'227\' response.
'Start a VM by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Validate database fields.'.
'Ensure that it\'s possible to route the output type format by the prefix of
'Returns the unified diff between two keys.
'Get the absolute file for an object.
'Get gcode lines.'.
'Read style styles directory from file_dirs.'.
'Helper to generate a list of factors of factors.'.
'Get media list with media instance DCNL .
'Detection of the peak detection.
'Return a list of objects matching the given type.
'Helper function for getting information from hypervisor'.
'Generate CRC-16 matrix.
'Indent the given string and indentation of whitespace.
'Render semantic list of semantic sentences'.
'Move ship coordinates.'.
'Handler for action activation function.
'Render the settings directory to the context.'.
'Get the xml tag from the node.'.
'Create a single HEAD of the given repo.
'Check if a symbolic link is symlink'.
'field = test_two(5)'.
'Call a Popen process, return an error.'.
'Receives a single line at a threshold of CRs.
'Categorical cross-entropy. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true :
'Get the work with the given MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with the
'This function returns an image with the gradient descent coefficient.
'Touch a file in a directory.
'This function is called when the SSL server is off the same.
'asqueries the scalar values'.
'Delete a config key'.
'Creates a pokeh application.'.
'Mimic method_type and request_type. DCNL .
'Get barcode barcode from barcode'.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test update_follower DCNL
'Open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Create a cache cluster.
'Return True if \'null\' is nullable, False otherwise.
'Convert integer to symbol'.
'Remove files from filenames to blacklist.'.
'Generate a list of string statements from a total string DCNL :param total_
'Creates a token store.
'Multiply the division of two vectors.'.
'Returns a random string of the given length.'.
'Call a nagformat result for loggers DCNL .
'Commits a single transaction.'.
'Hash a resource.'.
'Creates a channel.
'write docs to docs/files/templates/files/docs'.
'Formats a number as a serializable number.
'Find the most recent version of set'.
'Return a list of changesets for the provided repository.'.
'Recursively get all attributes for an object.
'Return Eigenvalues of G.
'Regression of w.r.
'Generator that returns a stream of transactions for the given namespace.
'.
'Close the DB connection'.
'Determines all sockets for the given module'.
'Return the intersection of 2 lists.'.
'Update fixed orientation.'.
'wrap(x, m, m) -> n DCNL Return a copy of the
'Thin wrapper around the \'library_list\' command-line tool import DCNL
'Helper function to get the correct package prefix.'.
'Converts an HTTP URL to a redirect URL.
'Retrieves a single value from a request\'s dictionary.
'Only load if the module is available'.
'SYSTEM Section 9.2.12.16'.
'Make sure that we can match multi-line columns'.
'Helper function to get the grains from the proxied device.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find a web server path for the given description.
'This method converts a JSON-serializable object to a unserializable DCNL object
'Deletes the specified backend.
'Returns a list of dictionaries, filtered by cls.
'SharedVariable Constructor for a SparseVariable.'.
'expression : expression'.
'Test box points.'.
'Cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content.
'Returns a unittest text representation of a model instance.
'Install Flocker Flocker Flocker on all nodes.
'Test process when shutdown is started.'.
'Checks that \'first\' is \'second\''.
'Safely delete an object.
'Escape strings for use in a URL.
'Invalidate the pricing cache for the drivers.
'Get all available regions for the CloudWatchWatch service.
'Formats a column as a column.'.
'Compute the entropy of the input values.
'statement : NAME EQUALS expression'.
'Just dedent text.'.
'Register a bundle by name.
'Calculate the SHA-1 of an object'.
'Return (timedelta) if the file matches a tts file.
'Reset the user\'s password.'.
'Find duplicates in arr.
'Guess a string \'string\' by defaulting the first argument'.
'Return a fake VMs.'.
'Check if an element is inside a namespace tree.'.
'Returns a dict of old license ids, keyed by package id.'.
'Helper function that sets the colors and colors for a gmap.
'Generate an activation summary of the activations.
'Displays category details from a category.
'Decorator for registering volume drivers.'.
'Find starting index in a given matrix.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on
'Shutdown Windows system sleeps'.
'Ensure hosts are blocked when host-block-list is blocked.'.
'Given integers x and M, M, M, such that x == M*x
'Common code to change a user\'s GECOS information'.
'Prints and exits with the given message.
'Checks if the media descriptor is parsed. DCNL .
'Test raw data.'.
'Unpack a file from a URL.
'A simple stderr.'.
'Return the latest version of a repository_compressed repository_compressed record if it
'Parse a URL into a unicode object.
'Solve the \'g\' algorithm using the generalized GFT.'.
'Update a resource in a zone.
'Convert a JSON resource to the native object.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Clear the task instance associated with a given dag.'.
'Get the frontend URL of the frontend backend'.
'Plot the tFR inverse tfr.'.
'Returns whether the given user has completed milestones.
'Check the device attribute on device pointer.'.
'Test MNE inverse computation with noise covariance matrices'.
'Return a list of process instances.'.
'Converts a string to snake case.'.
'Get the request object if it is a JSON response.
'Get the intersection of both XIntersections tables.'.
'Compute an axis with the specified dimensions.
'Returns a list of project names.'.
'Helper function to compare two entries.'.
'This is called when the test_auth_callback is done.'.
'Simulate the input data for input_array.'.
'Return the current theme object.
'Return list of registry keys.'.
'Get scheduler events from the scheduler'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Main loop function.'.
'Checks field name is a valid field name.
'Format the output of the generated config header.
'Send a version of tool shed to retrieve the data from the repository.'.
'Get a capi location object'.
'Callback function used to get application information.'.
'Returns the template and the path info for the template and template_name.
'PAGING REQUEST Section 9.1.2'.
'Get the version file name.'.
'Returns JSON representation of Databook.'.
'Retrieves the schema for the provided action db.
'Estimate the log(pw) log(logical_w) for a
'Check that everything occurs in an import declaration, and DCNL everything should be skipped,
'Get the state of the joyent state.
'Format a device with the same name as well as a human-readable DCNL space
'Extract HTTPException information from an HTTP request.
'Get the MD5 checksum of a file.
'Get the application ID from the domain name.
'Detach the specified zone from the system.
'Encrypt data with the given key.'.
'List all storage accounts'.
'Write an empty ipacency table that contains no meta data DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Create a symbolic link.'.
'generate a random number with bits from a given number'.
'Check the number of n_jobs assigned to the job_jobs.'.
'Read a symlink.
'Return the capture level.'.
'Parse list of key=value strings into a dictionary'.
'Load tvshow list from database'.
'Make sure that the given repo has write permissions.
'Helper function for mkey_wait_wait_wait()'.
'Wrapper around mkdir.lock() that creates a new directory lock.
'Adds a new schema entry to a database entry.'.
'Creates a convolution function.
'Helper for converting a date to a datetime object.'.
'Translates the offset matrix from coordinates.'.
'Run a test job.'.
'Helper for the _find_* methods.'.
'Check that non-aligned memory works as expected'.
'Returns whether or not to use for profiling.
'Raises an exception if the provided value is too long.
'Escapes a string\'s HTML.
'Extract pairs from a track list of Track IDs.
'Register a class.
'Return the date in the format YYYYMMDD format: DCNL http://
'Format a IPv6 address in printable format.'.
'Parse and parse the \'asset\' module metadata.
'Check if request_hosts matches the given request.
'Delete a user from the database.
'A wizard for welcome message'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'l( abs(x) -> abs(x) -> abs(x)'.
'Returns the last argument by reference.'.
'Generate translations for a given item'.
'Return True if G is a threshold graph.
'Extract account ID from trail.
'Price Pattern'.
'Assert that the given datasource is expected to be persisted.
'This function is used for building the VXMX path.
'Return a list of static files DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return a dictionary of schemas in the schema dictionary.'.
'Force exit.'.
'Compute polynomial quotient of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Context manager to suspend an editable buffer.
'struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union LBR
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Creates a query to filter Documents based on FilterForm arguments'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts the type of lookups specified in a ForeignKey limit_choices_
'Process XModule assets and print them to the built-in'.
'Given a machine, pass it to another dict.'.
'Prints and exits with an exit code.
'Check if a device is mounted DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Determine if the segment is inside a segment.'.
'Lists available languages'.
'Convert from radix time to radix time DCNL Parameters DCNL t :
'[a-z0-f-a-z]([.e.g
'Returns the URL for the given user_id.'.
'Ensure that keyhints are available.'.
'Set the polynomial of ``pct`` to zero if it is 0,
'Evaluates the value between a and low'.
'Return ids for the current request'.
'Show details about a user'.
'A convenience function for creating a TableIs in an Alignment.
'Get the python directories.'.
'Convert a model instance to a database schema.
'Remove an existing jacket.
'Get the float.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Returns a sample from a mean.
'Currency view'.
'Verify that the code generated by `rev`.
'definition_type : definition_type'.
'Returns translations.'.
'IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9.2.12'.
'Resolve an object or an object.
'Add identity to the provider.'.
'This function checks to see if a configuration file is safe to use in a DCNL
'Count the number of counters in a file.
'Imports the pyggi application in a package.'.
'A wrapper around L{Deferred} that returns a L{Deferred}.'
'Delete an instance info cache from the table. DCNL :param instance_uuid
'Iterate operators.'.
'List all available sources.
'Return a list of doctest/ doctests matching the text files.'.
'Fetch an option from the config dtype'.
'Always return True DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Stolen from network interface'.
'Formats args to a dict'.
'Check if the system state change is changed.
'Redirect to the newest root directory.
'Convert an interval to a Mobius interval.'.
'Render the account settings page.'.
'Test cross product convenience'.
'Returns the support email message.'.
'Parse date format as defined in RFC 822.'.
'Return a datetime object.'.
'Calculate the threshold threshold for a model.
'Generate a rle-le value.'.
'Get a compute node by host name and name.'.
'Test that the plugin only displays only visible categories DCNL with basket plugin'.
'Returns a sorted list of strings converted to decimal digits.
'Set the state of a power DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Closes all cover tilt.'.
'Given a dictionary of params, return a list of key-value pairs'.
'Converts p/percentage/percentage to integer value.'.
'Return the filename of an object.'.
'No changes to the image properties table from 008...'.
'Scale images in an image.
'Return the leading coefficient of ``f``.
'concatenate a list of XML files into a single string.'.
'Tests whether a function is correctly of the same function.'.
'Default daemonization of the command line options DCNL If we don\'t want to
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replaymode`` DC
'Generator function that returns a generator of audit log entries.
'Test issue #418'.
'Extract metadata from system_metadata DCNL Args: DCNL system_metadata
'Hard power down the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Show the information about a specific job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Start a new thread.
'Get port from database'.
'Instructs that the given number of seconds DCNL :param str duration: The number
'A decorator function used to get average average.'.
'Get the stroke thickness.'.
'Test stock ballwell.'.
'Subscribe to all the messages in the url.'.
'Return a list of bad letters in filepath.
'Creates a client for CloudStorage.
'Convert :mod:`datetime` or :class:`datetime`
'>>> test_pi() DCNL True DCNL True DCNL True DCNL >>>
'500 error handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`500.html`
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Returns a list of
'Generate filename for renewalagename'.
'Return a list of all collectors.
'Returns the number of gpu processes on the system.'.
'Returns a list of directory paths to the given package.
'Raise an exception'.
'Write a complex 64 bit float tag to a fif file.'.
'Take a list of Column objects and expand it into a collection of DCNL columns,
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Check to see if the given topic exists.
'Perform an iterable on input_path, grouped by input_path.
'Returns the date in the commit ID for the given commit ID.
'Find the release source in the xblock.
'Return the mail connection.'.
'Gets the seed for the current thread.
'Test basic validation on a requirements file.'.
'Delete a thread.'.
'Test that deleting a draft from the admin folder DCNL when deleting the draft from the
'Run the test suite.'.
'Inserts `values` into `tablename`.
'Get the width of the window.'.
'Updates an existing port'.
'Generate a salt-length string DCNL .
'Read only the directory changes in the directory.
'Test step schedule function'.
'Check if an image is present.'.
'Parse a module and return a Python module object.
'Raises an exception'.
'Normalize the version string and return a single version string.
'Simple template tag for appending ``field``.
'Temporarily set the attributes of an object from a given DCNL object DCNL
'Acquiring the lock on Windows'.
'initialise module'.
'Run the studio server.'.
'Extracts attachments sequence from attachments, if it is a sequence of DCNL attachments
'.
'Return string of length \'length\' from length.'.
'Returns True if the specified cookie is allowed, False otherwise.'.
'Wait for empty messages to be sent.
'Installs one or more packages if not already installed.'.
'It should download from setuptools.'.
'Test to make sure that HTMLInputter works correctly.'.
'Scans the file and returns a list of videos DCNL :param str path:
'Virtual field for getting total volume DCNL .
'Print all the SQL queries to use.'.
'Return the ground domain of ``c``.
'Gets the file path for the given extension.'.
'A scenario with scenario delimited text'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find and return an application path.'.
'Return the endpoint type from the given address.
'Fixture that creates a temporary config directory.'.
'Convenience function for returning a set of content_ids for rendering the content of
'Return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user. DCNL :param
'Add a Batch axis to the same shape.
'Draws logo'.
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'port
'Clones a repository.
'Return the name and name of a provision.
'helper function to take a list of policies and replace it.
'Returns the first bracket with the given brackets.
'List all Teams.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get current process privileges.'.
'Update default configuration options for oslo.middleware.'.
'Looks for all files in ``base_path`` in ``base_path``.'
'Show the weights of a model.
'Convert naive datetime to UTC.'.
'Returns the settings for the course.'.
'Write the gcode text to a gcode file.'.
'Returns a Batch notification listeners.
'Add a classifier to the network output.
'Test to ensure that a table with prefix works as expected'.
'Determines if a request is a list of "view" and is a list
'Test that we can parse a gemi file with a new value.'.
'Helper for assert_extra_*.'.
'Take a 4-tuple of floats and returns the unwrapped ball.'.
'Construct a 2D grid from x2.
'Retrieves multiple keys from memcache.
'Ensures that easy_array can be easily import arrays.
'Assert the response was returned with the given response.
'<string> -- unescape <string>.'.
'Initialize the module and init values for `inotify`'.
'Tries to find the base64 image from the given flavor.
'Test with respect to Q()'.
'Removes null references from refct.
'Add Glance checksum to spherical checksum.'.
'Takes color(s) and applies the function on the color(s) and
'>>> capture_request(request()) DCNL True DCNL >>> capture_request(\
'Pull docker image'.
'Test ensure_list.'.
'Called when the message has been sent.
'Create a VBD record and returns its reference.'.
'Returns the set of \'postmods\' from the list.
'Compares numpy\'s date, same name, but the same name'.
'Open a path for qutebrowser.
'Takes a json document and converts it to a dict'.
'Ensure that the named hostname is absent DCNL name DCNL The hostname
'Merge a folder into another folder DCNL Args: DCNL src: A
'.
'Find and Register a package.
'Set the order of an universe.
'Return the \'other\' byte order for the given type.
'Get a slice of the closest axis.
'Prints the confusion matrix for each confusion matrix.
'Convert a list of dict items to a dictionary.'.
'Retrieves all EIP addresses from EIP.
'Serialize a given function.
'Unpack a 32-bit integer into a NumPy array.
'A blank line'.
'Sends a notification on a topic with the response.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .. code-block:: bash
'Convert content of config-file into dictionary.'.
'Run ``extends`` in the specified ``ext`` file and return the DCNL
'Call a function with hold(True)'.
'Group objects in a stream.
'Return the length of a string.'.
'Get the distance squared to the other loop and index of the other loop.'.
'Get the indentation for a source.
'Convert a datetime to timestamp.
'Generate a feature selection from a list of documents.
'List all floating IPs'.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'Returns True if address belongs to a provided address.
'Get OAuth settings from settings.'.
'Add a new list'.
'Combine two whitespace into one part of the parts.
'Compute the Jitter envelope.
'Return True if we are frozen, otherwise frozen DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Build html'.
'Calculate calibration values for the Kelvin function'.
'calc: array of unique data'.
'Run Markdown from the command line.'.
'loglikelihood of array DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array-like DCNL
'Check that lexemes are equal to the given lexemes.
'Reads a CSV file and stores it in a directory.
'Converts a string to a slug.'.
'Create a test suite from the module.'.
'extends extended links to lx.'.
'Loads a template from dictionary and renders it with the given dictionary. DCNL :
'Fixes the library directories to be used in the config'.
'Construct an HTTP DDP message.'.
'Swap index between index2 and index2'.
'Print a progress message to the given progress string.
'Returns a `500 Internal Server` error.'.
'Apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Get the list of one or multiple origin.'.
'Get object info from the given path.
'Test whether l is a list or scalar.'.
'Define a coroutine.
'If we don\'t use a fused graph, add it to the output DCNL
'Fetches all inactive APNS ids from certfile.
'Check if key has expired prior to node deleted.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Return the hierarchy of the path (e.g.
'Send user email.'.
'Start a gluster volume.
'Returns PhoneInfo object for a phone number'.
'Remove pyc extension from PY5'.
'Test search without args'.
'Resolve a document with the given permission.'.
'initialise module'.
'Log an exception.'.
'Unpickle-decorator.'.
'N325 - no localization code.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio
'Load the user account config and return it.
'Converts a given binary string into an integer.
'Parse the updates line'.
'Compute the log density of a symmetric normal distribution.'.
'Extract \'filename\' to the zip file'.
'Get wsa output output for a SAMP output.'.
'Fakes the VMware environment.'.
'Determine if the atrun level is running'.
'Get subpackages of a string containing subpackages DCNL Args: DCNL name
'Returns username of a model.'.
'Fixture providing the real database.'.
'Returns True if value is a valid IMDB ID, False otherwise.
'Tests uuid to valid UUID'.
'Retrieve the access token from the specified language code.
'helper function for the FastC Cookman algorithm.
'Set redis value to an index DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convenience function to render `template`.
'Checks if a certificate is valid.
'Simulate the computation of randomly sampling operations.'.
'Return triangle with neighboring components.'.
'Install a readline hook.
'Returns True if the socket can be used'.
'Return True if the given port is open'.
'Create a WSGI application.
'Bulk copy to the specified jail_file DCNL .
'Finds a module and returns its compiled module.'.
'Parse the args and kwargs, if any are valid as a list DC
'Tokenization/string cleaning for a group name'.
'Create a disk from a Linode.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Ensure the dashboard is absent.
'Create a new figure and return it.
'Initialize a new test object.
'Create the MD5 hash of the data for each word in the database. DCNL
'prepend an url to a host.'.
'Given a list of fields, return a tuple of fields.
'Returns a list of directories containing the themes.
'Return a textual representation of a node.
'Fixture providing a keyhint hint.'.
'yaml: hard job DCNL Requires the Jenkins job.
'Gets the port group identified by the dvs-group name in the portgroup
'Returns the parent of a module, or None if not found.
'Verify that the bucket can be written to a bucket.'.
'Registers the file extensions for the SDK.
'Try to decode a unicode string.
'Return True if the url is a valid scheme'.
'.
'Returns a summary of the activations.
'Get NIC stats (isup, duplex, speed, mtu).'.
'Return the default value for a certain value DCNL .
'Same as get_scene_numbering(), but returns None if scene numbering is not
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Checks if a given method is a static method.
'Initialize the GameState object'.
'.
'Set certificate in site_path'.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Strips leading /dev/dev/dev/dev/removes the prefix
'Get the nameservers.'.
'Converts an IPv6 address in printable representation to RFC DCNL 1924 Compact Represent
'Returns a SQLAlchemy query object for the given session.
'Sort a chunk by chunk index'.
'Create all empty directories under \'base_dir\' in the base_dir'.
'Output tree types for tree types'.
'Return a list of containers for the container'.
'Get the instance name of an instance.'.
'Handle the editor and edit the editor.
'Get an ARN name from an ARN.
'Set media position. DCNL .
'Builds the VM create spec.'.
'Loads statistics from memcache.
'Undo monkey-patching from urllib3.'.
'Persistarithmic logarithmic values.
'Returns True if `n` is in the set of G.
'Return Bitmap image for a given coordinate.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a VNU ID
'View to generate afinancial receipt for the buyer.'.
'Remove a specific site.
'Converts a SemVerver to a SemVer version number.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL running
'Parses a version string as a tuple.
'Multiplication of two variables'.
'language0 Language'.
'Extract the web attack vector data from the stack command'.
'Computes regularization and regularization of regularization.
'Query a resource DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Ensure the named index template exists DCNL name DCNL The name of the index
'Create a palette with a given color and color.'.
'Simple link to check'.
'Test to make sure the non-visible text is visible.'.
'.
'Parses the gid for the gid.
'Returns True if we\'re running in the system.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Get a snapper cache instance.
'Return the number of logical CPUs in the system'.
'Verify that the CPU memory reassembly works as expected by DCNL random.
'Writes the contents of a file to the specified file.
'Converts the input into a ndarray'.
'Queries the output of the command.
'encode/upport function'.
'Task time slot view'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Get the size of a file, in bytes'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'executable\'
'returns the points of the set of points in the threshold.
'Encodes a set of images into a 4D array DCNL Args: DC
'Pickle data into a pickle file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DC
'Use Basic Logger.'.
'Validate that a partition can be stored in a device.
'Return a list of messages to use in the cluster.
'Truncates an alert. DCNL .
'Return the gdb backend on the system'.
'Convert 7 lower case to 7'.
'Subtract a list of dictionaries into a list'.
'Return RAR version number from file.'.
'Helper for backwards compatibility.
'Given a location, redirect to a URL.
'A scenario that should be able to test a scenario'.
'View that handles ssh key.'.
'Sets the default load strategy for the given attribute of an attribute.
'Enters a page in an XML-compatible way.'.
'Renders an HTML icon if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a list of SQL statements required to remove all data from DCNL all tables in
'Create an image stream for an image.'.
'Loops the given interval.
'Invert a QTransform matrix to the QTransform.
'Generate targets for source.
'Main.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL .
'List all users belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt mymin
'Destroy the VM instance.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter.'.
'Return True if a wd is a diadar graph'.
'Returns True if obj is a nested list, False otherwise.'.
'Bump version information for newest.
'Convert a value to BSON.'.
'Check if the given console is logged in.
'Parses the response body into a dict'.
'Validate read preference.'.
'Execute the specified plugin.
'Check that the estimator works properly'.
'Load LDAP configuration from disk'.
'Compare two polynomial coefficients in ``K[x]``.
'Returns slug.'.
'Takes a version string and returns a subclass of the version.
'Only load if m2b2 is installed'.
'Returns the intersection of the items in a compare list.'.
'This view returns a JSON as JSON.'.
'Import a Python object given its full name.'.
'Returns a list of the primary key names of the SQLAlchemy model.
'MODIFY Section 9.3.17'.
'Replace the given url with the given host address DCNL with the given url address
'Extracts a snapshot of disk image DCNL :param disk_format: disk
'Return a sparse matrix matrix.
'Returns a list of domain names from a certificate.'.
'Check whether a symlink has a specified symbolic link.
'Define a list of all servers for configuration'.
'Return the number of physical CPUs.
'Setup the Roku player platform.'.
'Rebuild a storage pool DCNL .
'Quit the application.'.
'Return list of binary libraries found in directory.
'Check if conda is installed.
'Copy the platform\'s hx platform.'.
'Send a log file to a network descriptor'.
'Given a dhcp option id, check to see if the given ID exists.
'Returns a test blob.'.
'Take a list of integer ``str`` and convert it to a positive integer.
'Highlight a template tag.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Test ad hoc covocov'.
'make statistics report'.
'Hazard Controller'.
'Like copy_transpose_transpose_pam, but with DCNL the
'API: accepts output'.
'Fill the upgrade table.'.
'Loads a template for the given scope and scope.
'Remove all handlers from the application.
'Smoke a gcode linear move text.'.
'Add a tool menu.'.
'Generate an output format.
'Find out what items are documented in source/*.rst.
'Return True if `string` is a valid HTML string.'.
'Import a module and skip it.
'Synchronously runs a sync of two-arrays of random objects.
'Return a list of most exercises with the specified user.'.
'Generate a list of paths for the include header directories.'.
'Set up the flux platform.'.
'f: a Gaussian distribution DCNL f: A the F-values DCNL
'Checks that the string dtype is invalid.
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Update the Plex server with Plex API.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Main entry point for the DB.'.
'Convert an ordinal value into a datetime object.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about an affinity group
'Creates an ASCII string between from from strings.
'.
'Replaces \'text\' with mute values.
'Sign a login. DCNL If the request is not signed, return a signup
'Cleanup lines from a string'.
'Return True if path is a unencrypted file path.
'How this module logs a bad attribute when unknown.'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy session.'.
'Convert a datetime into a protobuf.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'Wrapper for ``tdo``.
'unary_expression : additive_expression'.
'Read the cached content of a cache file.
'Generate a random unicode string.
'Stop all the inspector for a given *ctx* from the *ctx*.'.
'Test equalization of channels.'.
'Get a list of service parameters.
'Returns true if the xblock is visible in this xblock.'.
'Generate a random string.
'Update cached bandwidth usage for an instance.
'This method instantiates and returns a base cipher object.
'Sends an API call with the xhosts.'.
'Convert the xml element to a xml element.'.
'Given an array of strings, converts all integers to strings.
'Display the administration feed.
'Create a SQLAlchemy engine.'.
'Runs a conda file and returns the input.
'Remove sample files in directory'.
'Creates a convolution function.
'Fake version of site name.'.
'Signal a db signal to be used as a string'.
'Unpack epochs from epochs.'.
'Parse a method descriptor.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the given service is available.
'[channel] - removes <user> from <channel> from [channel], or
'Output the graph for HTML.
'Convert a pandas string to a tuple'.
'Assert that the given clock was idle.
'Check that the given ID is valid.
'Print arguments to stderr'.
'Generate a context for the sidebar.
'Convert the given arguments to a KeyError.
'Helper function that generates a list of desired suites for the DCNL sample capabilities.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Test that SIP and SST works'.
'Test whether or not a point is a PEME.
'Given a list of rows, return a dict DCNL :rtype: dict'.
'Create a ``ListForm`` for the given widget.
'idlist : ID'.
'Ensure an attribute doesn\'t compile valid'.
'Read head shape file.'.
'Normalize paths and return a list of paths.
'Get OS name and os_id.
'Distance betweenness of source.
'Get network buffer size DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Generate a diff link for a diff dialog.'.
'Format the `text` and `xml`.
'Return the shortest path for the given list of locations.
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCNL smaller
'Return the size of a queue'.
'<plugin> -- Gets the name of the files in the given folder.'.
'Set the mtu device.'.
'Retrieve the full URL for the given page.
'Start the current hub.
'Convert hsv to rgb color from hv.'.
'Get helix path.'.
'Return a list of child processes currently active.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return the basename of a file list.'.
'Render a label with the specified content'.
'Returns an numpy array representing an identity matrix.
'Discard requests and discard the response body.'.
'Makes a UUID from a dictionary.
'Changes the dataset to concatenating folds.'.
'Get list of datasets for a given LDAP database'.
'Removes task information from Task DCNL :param task_id: Task ID DC
'Constructs and returns the volume flow.'.
'In `clone()`, `clone_url_url` should be cloning if requested
'Returns the weight value for the persisted block.
'Split a string by whitespace and return a list of whitespace.
'label_statement : LBRACE'.
'Write data to a file descriptor.'.
'Generate a random set of random names.
'Sync all modules from ``salt://_renderer`` to the master DCNL
'Perform the Enbinary sensor platform.'.
'Marks volume types as deleted.'.
'Returns True if x is an arraylike'.
'Create a metadef resource type.'.
'Transforms an expression into a base power tuple.'.
'Creates private IP DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a string describing the version.
'Returns True iff a request should be found.
'Parse the swpw line'.
'Add vectors to vocabulary.'.
'Checks whether a given image name is a valid regex file name.
'Gets the social auth object for a running profile.
'Load backends and build back backends.
'Return a TensorVariable from the `dim` type of `dim`.
'Return the salt host for a given vm'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Download a web file from `url`.
'Return an exe instance of the given pid.'.
'Returns detailed message about unhandled exception'.
'Used to unpickle Model class for unpickle models.
'Construct a full URL.
'Checks if the given app is a Python command.
'Check if we have a bug in BFF'.
'NCName is defined in http://www.w3.org/RECATED/
'Generator yielding all mirrors that the given git mirrors.
'Return the SSL adapter class for the given name.'.
'List contents of a queue'.
'Convert a relative path to a file URI.
'Check the path for all files.
'Turns a list of app labels into a dict.
'Returns the application id for this machine.'.
'divative of a t distribution with standard variance'.
'Internal helper function to add a line segment.'.
'Get a value from config or default value.'.
'definition : DEF IDENTIFIER'.
'Raises Invalid if the given user_id does not exist.
'Evaluate an image.
'Decorator that checks that a valid dtypes can be loaded.
'Returns regression test for regression model.'.
'Runs WSGI server with a given port.
'Check if a sound is a valid Sound file name'.
'Replaces instances with a given payload DCNL .
'Delete filesystem'.
'Return True if the given variable is a private variable.
'format the data format and return the output'.
'Modify a file from src to dst.
'Initialize logging.'.
'Encode attachments in MIME.
'Bl blend of given column.
'Generate supervisor config'.
'Find the value of a list with equal to x.'.
'assignment_expression : assignment_expression'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Execute a runner on the master DCNL .
'Prints and prints the differences between a dictionary and a DCNL dictionary and a dictionary
'Read a record of the partition.
'Formats a traceback.
'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a list of students in batch_batch.
'Set the URL for a backend policy.
'Clear variables stored in __context__.
'Refine an expression using an expression.
'Append a package to a list of packages.
'Create an http request object.
'Create the filters of the given tasks.
'Returns a serialization statement for the given type.'.
'Raise an exception if the setting is failing.
'Sends an order email for the given order.
'Decode the payload as a list of tuples of {\'task_name\
'Generate a random filename.'.
'Convert a URL to an IP address.
'List the packages on the system.
'Retrieves the first match in the bracket.'.
'Runs the command.
'Returns the number of chunks that will be used to attempt to calculate the DCNL chunk
'Get the URL for a bug.
'JOSE Base64 encode.
'Generate an object sha1 hash of a given type.
'Expand ~ and ~user constructs.
'Look up a local service by name.
'Returns true if the given field contains a value'.
'Create a topic. DCNL .. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'A wrapper for the ``plugin`` stage.'.
'Return kernel information for Linux systems'.
'Accepts a dictionary of keys \'d\' as a dict.'.
'simple : SERVICE IDENTIFIER'.
'Convert exception into exception.'.
'A function that returns a power of the normal distribution.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://stackoverflow.com/questions/
'Returns the configuration of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Safe version of repr()'.
'Add two images, returning a new image.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Retrieve the metric associated with
'Returns a list of the locales that are the locales.
'Test division with two integers'.
'Fixture providing a KeyParser.'.
'Create the glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Return the number of a month by language name.
'Formats the variable according to the arg.
'Get legend for legend values.'.
'Run command.'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Get the default site for the app.
'Download setuptools and EasyInstall'.
'View a user flag.
'Compute an error rate limiting.'.
'Convert from cartesian to polar coordinates'.
'Create a thin thin Pool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository.
'Mock requests for testing requests.'.
'Ensure that the named database is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Returns a new array.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Convert a POSIX path to a POSIX system.
'initialise module'.
'Tests that a pair of univariate multivariate multivariate distributions.'.
'Updates the unread query for the inbox.
'Returns an identity matrix of an identity matrix.
'Get the evaluated float by keys.'.
'Annotify that a job has been reviewed successfully.
'Get the training model.'.
'Return a shallow copy of the image.
'Get profile.'.
'Get memory usage information'.
'Set the default shell for the builtins `xonsh`.'.
'XRDS view'.
'Convert args to Spyderr.'.
'Activate all the named cache with the given name.
'Note: DCNL .. code-block:: 2016.3 DCNL Comment DCNL
'Return current week day'.
'split_state_tag(state, state_name) -> string DCNL
'<url> -- Gets a git repo from a url.'.
'Write the data to a file.
'Reverse the path.'.
'Gets the first language for the current site.
'Retrieve an account or None if it doesn\'t exist, or not DCNL
'Module view'.
'Parse a Flexflake ID.
'Return a list of audio streams from the room from the room.
'Return the `Gpu` value from the `node` node.'.
'Writes data to stdout'.
'Takes a single game server entry and converts it into a dictionary of player DCNL
'Print a colorized string.'.
'Run runner on passed arguments.
'Returns the zipline root directory.
'Set up memory usage in bytes.
'Return safe string representation of \'safe\''.
'Parses the locale code for localename and returns the DCNL result as tuple
'Return True if `x` is an iterator.
'Temporarily disable handlers.
'Converts any given value to become part of a rendered template.
'Print exit function'.
'Show the details of an SSH keypair'.
'Returns a list of tuples from \'ls\' and \'nst\''.
'Return True if the image is supported by the backend.
'Test format of pep8.
'Detach a specific load to an existing load.
'Parse a list of stories.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Make vk API call'.
'Download the contents of a given path.
'>>> get_text_list([\'a\', \'b\', \'c
'Stop the GeoServer.'.
'Return the components of a pathname.
'Set the service module DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get a VM. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'If ``context`` is a callable.
'Computes the independent variance of the row x and w.
'A wrapper around the builtroid function.
'Returns the number of messages stored in the response.
'Extract the path and query parameters from a full URL.
'Return the current user instance.
'Get a list of windows versions within a given range.
'Remove a section from an ini file.
'Set the debug mode for debugging.
'Removes all dependencies of the target.'.
'Determine whether a text marker is invalid.
'Pack a list into a single value.
'Formats fasta record as string'.
'Replaces spaces with a given string.
'Common code to throw an error.'.
'Verify that the cache header matches the given policy header.
'Download a poem from the given host and port.
'Test human readable form'.
'Add a rule to the rate limit.'.
':type check_empty_folder: check_empty_folder DCNL :param check
'Make sure we need to be called after an event.'.
'.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen DCNL The ``expr_form`` argument has been
'Try to filter rewrites matching regex.'.
'Read Julian date from file.'.
'Decode a string to UTF-8 encoded string.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Apply a channel to all connected channels.
'Obtain OS version from show version string'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that enc
'Quote the given comment and return a quoted string.
'Add a domain to the site'.
'Lists all users.'.
'Make sure that two scalar arrays are equal to the result model.
'Load certificates in the given directory.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return a list of rows or
'Given a list of strings, return the escaped string value'.
'Make sure the enrollment date is set.'.
'Create a table string from a list of columns'.
'Try to resolve a symlink at the given path.
'Deflate a base64 encoded string.
'Compute the q ratio ratio DCNL s1 = 0.5.0 DC
'Parse the user\'s authentication header.
'Removes a tensor at the specified axis.
'Clears a server password.'.
'Returns the term XOR of a term.
'Read a memory map from file \'f\'.
'User-callable function to create and return a unique temporary DCNL directory.
'Return the Gcd project name.'.
'Sets value in a field'.
'Return the path of jail'.
'Reloads all functions.
'Turn a locale name into a language name.
'Return the filename of a path.'.
'Test that the regression can be instantiated'.
'Low-level implementation of fn(n)'.
'Return a list of loadbackends to the OpenSSL backend DCNL CLI Example:
'Enable all of all models on the object.'.
'Updates wid to w/wid'.
'Copy a future result into another state.
'Deal with axes.'.
'.
'Return a default locale depending on the default locale'.
'Resizes the given image.
'Decode a BSON timestamp into python datetime object.'.
'If the value starts with the http://stackoverflow.com/questions/
'Tries to find credentials from the environment.
'Creates an error-order error from the list of images.
'Creates the lineage for the given test file.
'Extracts the auth response for the given response.
'This is a helper function that checks the user in the test suite.'.
'Convert a media size string into an integer.
'Return a tuple of (context, loop, count) tuples for each page DC
'Print summary of all hosts and their summaries.
'Convert a number of seconds into a human-readable string'.
'Return the environ dict with the salt config'.
'Sets up the logs for the main loop'.
'Adds the header `hdr: value` with the response.'.
'Converts a range of IP addresses to a string.'.
'Decodes a list of chops into a list of chops.
'Tests that client options and config should work'.
'Get a network by id or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Tests that we don\'t use egpu_gpu_gpu().'.
'Make a list of tags for the passed tags.
'Resets the global context.'.
'Find the start and end of the line.
'Sends an email to all products listed in products.'.
'Run ``update`` if it\'s enabled.
'Tests whether a null value is None'.
'Warn if there are any missing targets.
'Reset the warning state to zero.'.
'.
'Tests that we don\'t do anything'.
'Greatest common divisor using Euclid\'s algorithm.'.
'Lookup the standard encoding for the given encoding.
'clones specified branch'.
'Get the current version number.
'Return the IP address of an IP address'.
'Helper function to compute prim points.'.
'Determine if a package is called for a package upgrade.'.
'Get the Twilio options from salt.'.
'Async version of running commands.
'Returns a cascade batch of application.
'Alter a draft for the given thread.
'Normalize all coefficients in ``K``.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Find the parent parent of an element with the given tag.'.
'Prints a prettyprinted version of `args` to stderr.'.
'binhex(infilename, outfilename): create binhex-encoded copy of
'Extract the version from the OpenStack Docker'.
'Get the controller module from doctype'.
'Make a simple model.
'Create a new media object.
'Set the floating IP and update it.
'Clean up after every test suite.'.
'Create a Key from the given namespace.
'Look up a file and return the position object.'.
'Predicate that returns True if node is acceptable'.
'KEGG link the source database.
'Remove the named system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parse the subject id.'.
'Map a function to a function type.'.
'Send a list of video status.
'Edit dataset. DCNL :param request: The dataset to edit the coordinator. DC
'Setup the AMI server.'.
'Load dictionary from a file'.
'Port all entities to the datastore.
'Returns `datetime` if `datetime` is equivalent to `datetime`
'statement : NEWLINE'.
'Get the current branch and name of the current branch.'.
'Get the two lists of the together lists.'.
'Softmax activation function DCNL :math:`\varphi(x) DC
'Configure the klq() reactor.'.
'Sends a message on a topic.'.
'Take an array of indices `ids` and subtracting the values of it.
'Returns a list of documents for the given locale.
'Returns a list of tuples of image fields.
'Convert text to a list of words.
'Add a new int value to an int. DCNL .
'Returns the linear step of the edge between two edges.'.
'Remove an RPM installation from the given package.
'A utility generator that pads argument list and dictionary values, will only be called with len
'Disable a scheduled job.
'*musicpd.org, music database section:* DCNL ``searchadd {
'Returns whether the given page is a 404 page.
'Determine if a series title is a series.
'Insert default options (default)'.
'Test update contacts.'.
'A list comprehension of the form [xp for fp in test].
'Clears the placeholder cache for the given placeholder.'.
'Provides a pseudo-cryptered hash for a given code.
'Creates a forum role.
'foo bar'.
'Get previous previous media list. DCNL .
'Displays whether network time is running DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Remove the test environment.'.
'Get the maxAge header of the response.
'Validate hosts for given host_objects.
'Create a syncpoint object.'.
'>> dnsolver <name> <name> [<name server>] DCNL
'Returns True if the item has a singlecker delta.
'Helper function to get a page of web pages.'.
'Remove a user from MySQL server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Run karma to karma'.
'Reconstruct matrix from complex ID.
'Find multipart post multipart POST data.
'Register a new serializer.
'Get the scmm command.'.
'Returns whether the discussion_id has the given discussion_id on the DCNL discussion
'Test git from a dev with a non-editable egg.'.
'Load the dependencies of a package.
'Obtain a certificate. DCNL .
'Generate a challenge.'.
'Records the payment_info record for a particular order.
'Tests whether the given filename matches the given filename.
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a dash comment (\'--\')
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'enumerator_list : enumerator'.
'Split a code. DCNL .
'Convert an arbitrary string to a standard \'extra\' name DCNL Any runs of
'Return a list of art for an album using the MusicBrainz album.'.
'Restores a fid from a grid.
'Returns the extended Euclidean Algorithm.
'Return a securely generated random string.
'Same strategy as test_missing_trash, except with missing folders'.
'CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9.2.2'.
'Return a shorten header.
'Retrieves the downloadUrl for the BatchJob.
'Load a Python library from a given ccrypto name.
'Return the members of a group.
'This will be called after merge segments into account.
'Try to find a module in full name.
'Extract all entities from a template string.
'Delete back and back a word.'.
'Return True if `name` is a considered as an archive file.'.
'Read characters from a file.
'Renders data in the match if it\'s already.
'Test either if an error is raised when one is less than one DCNL equal to
'Group List'.
'Apply operators to a matrix.
'Encode a python float.'.
'.
'Finds the "package" data for all the modules in ``package_data``
'Orders index page'.
'support function for copy_lstlices'.
'Returns a list of paths between strings of rules.
'Get the modified time of a document'.
'Create the sqlcmd config directory.'.
'concatenate the argument into a list.
'Creates a matplotlib figure and saves it to the same contents'.
'Plot histogram.'.
'This function is used to sample a sphere at least one space.
'for testing'.
'Create a pair of trials from `docs`.
'Get the string representation of this object info.'.
'Helper function for prefetch_related_objects DCNL Runs prefetches on all
'Uniformly masked images by percentage.
'Elementwise logistic sigmoid function. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Returns the architecture for an image meta.
'Get components of a path.'.
'Open a resource file.
'Disable tracing of app.
':rtype: str'.
'Return a summary of a specific object.
'Return a list of stylesheet names.'.
'return true if the node name is a child of the name of the node DCNL
'Returns the SSH public key type.
'Returns a new collection object.
'Add intersections of the loop with the x segment.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Same as a += b.'.
'Run multiple servers on the system.
'Check the given QDataStream.
'Remove cached files.'.
'Get all services.'.
'Parse /signal.admin.signal() and return a list DCNL
'Grab the certbot log file.
'Sends an API POST request and acts as a generic formatter for the JSON response
'Combines all sections in data into one.
'Generator to yield a range of bytes from the given offset.
'Loads the data and labels between 0 and y and negative labels.
'Save content to given location and name.'.
'Parses the value of a cookie in the response.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Return a dictionary of the fields that are documented in the given DCNL object, with
'Sends audit information about monitoring changes.'.
'Encode the message\'s payload in quoted-printable.
'Transfer the closest remaining path.'.
'Checks whether user can commit translation repository.'.
'Utility function to test whether a path is valid.
'Generator that yields all subdirectories in a document.
'Return a new ref.'.
'Flushes all redis keys in the database.
'Returns the input value as a string from the specified selector.'.
'Parse the SASL feature to extract the available mechanism names.'.
'Checks if a connection method exists'.
'View function for verifying user\'s email.
'Marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped.'.
'Accept a group invitation and add an invite to a group.'.
'Convert value to a float, if possible.
'Test reconstruction of an array of all zeros.'.
'Deserialize count specs into a string DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Converts a variable or a ``Variables`` to a DCNL Variable representing a
'Log info.'.
'If the proxy is passed, return a list of functions that use DCNL only the
'Wrapper for getting colors from a kwargs dict'.
'Adds a boolean sum to a boolean value (e.g.
'Get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path.'
'Truncate ``f`` by ``f``.
'Return the path to the hadoop prefix for the hadoop binary.
'Unregister a class from the loader.
'Parses a single undecreduce stream.
'Restart process'.
'Loads the training set.'.
'Make a set of dimensions.
'Run a network and return its output.'.
'returns rss feed'.
'Get the subscription of a document.'.
'Writes the redirects to the user.'.
'Remove a database from a MySQL server.
'Replace all un-escape sequences in a string.
'Download item. DCNL .
'Test getting completion for zshorthand for zsh shell'.
'Require an instance type to be configured.
'Helper to generate user cert subject.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'seen_union : STRUCT IDENTIFIER'.
'(1, 7) => \'$H$5\''.
'Return the current User instance.
'Create and return formatters'.
'equity view'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Fixture providing a line to create a Line editor.'.
'Sets the image_dim for the default dimension ordering.
'Builds the vmdk spec.'.
'Returns a S3Proxy object which will be used to get SAMP access to S
'Returns the status of a process'.
'Builds an sdist build.
'Runs the readmeme for a sample'.
'Returns the creation sequence of the given graph DCNL G.
'ReadGIF file (PRIVATE).
'Decodes a given stream DCNL .
'Iterate over a set of keys.
'Retrieve a GET request for the given resource.
'Given a list of certificates, return a temporary file name.
'Read a key from info response data and dispatch a value'.
'Returns True if the given ProtocolError is a HTTP response.'.
'Test text with percentage setting.'.
'Test the HTTP request handler class.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value\'s length is greater than the argument'.
'RELEASE Section 9.3.1.16'.
'Validate the values in the conf file.'.
'Iterate over all children of the given expression.
'Checks if name is lowercase.'.
'Return the hosts file path'.
'[channel] <user> - ops <user> in [channel], or in
'Returns a module cache object.'.
'Return html link'.
'API endpoint for getting GitHub hooks.'.
'Returns a date string formatted in a date format.'.
'label_statement : LBRACE'.
'Log a bug down the bug in the log line.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a dictionary of metadata-type headers.'.
'Import a public key pair.
'Compute the Hessian of the transform of a matrix.
'Return a generator for the zipfile.
'Select `n` and `series` from `series` to use DCNL `
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Return a formatted line with the given issue.'.
'Generate a state tag from the low data structure'.
'Get a server console to a specified server.'.
'Find empty if there are no spaces in the given content.'.
'Signal the beacon\'s beacon DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Checks to see if a URL parameter is valid for HTTP request.
'Build a search regular expression from a query.
'Turn all Deprecationals as being deprecated.'.
'Decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into
'Return the source code of an object.
'It should not install from cache.'.
'Create a text field with optional fields.'.
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single
'Convert a tensor to a sparse tensor.
'Add a neighbour entry. DCNL :param ip_address: IP address of entry
'List available volumes DCNL filters.
'Reduce elems using fn to combine them from left to right. DCNL #
'Set setting dictionary to a setting line.'.
'Test search exit status code when no package found'.
'Add collar.'.
'Delete objects in a given bucket.
'Displays system power down, regardless of OS.
'Returns info about complete course mode.
'Compress \'body\''.
'Read from a file if it\'s modified.
'.
'Combines a date and time zone aware datetime into a time zone.'.
'Return true if the object is a mapping (dict etc.).
'Aux function to set a mine'.
'Single index page'.
'Return the contents of a Python source file.'.
'Check if snappy is installed.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Test writing of a wavefront frontend.'.
'Reverse integer bits from an integer.'.
'Elementwise cosine function. DCNL .. math:: DCNL y_i =
'Consume all subscribed subscriptions.
'Convert a dictionary of arguments to a URL.
'Detach a network interface.
'Ensure a stack stack is absent.
'Plots a vector. DCNL Args: DCNL plot: a string,
'Configures the service client.
'Parses the given HTTP headers and returns a dict of dict'.
'Consume a queue.
'Return a list of registered VMs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Capture a credit card.
'Return whether the given module should be preserved in the module.
'Takes a string and removes quotes from one.'.
'Kama Moving Average'.
'Determine a subset of implications.
'Lists all available languages.'.
'Get the transverses of a base dict.'.
'Get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the public key to use'.
'Get the number of presets for an equalizer.
'Sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and DCNL thousand separator setting
'Convert columns back to String(255).'.
'Ensures that metadata is valid.
'Checks if there\'s unique URL'.
'Setup the MQTT Light.'.
'Creates a JSON representation of an item from the given item.
'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Parses multipart headers from iterable.
'Returns the gid of the current process.'.
'Compiles a list of views to the specified folder.
'generic test function.'.
'Convert a time tuple into an Xdatetime object.'.
'Adjust shape and strides to target_shape.
'Rotates the right number of x by y.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL .
'Converts the value to a string.
'Add event source to the event source.
'Commit the reservations.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'The behavior of this boolean should be related to another table'.
'Updates packages list'.
'Returns the given value as a Unicode string (if possible).'.
'Create a certificate chain.'.
'Returns the cumulative density function.
'Returns current line\'s current time.
'If the original file has been modified, move it to the original file.
'Builds a path from node to node2.
'Set the password for the named user.
'Parse a patch from a string.'.
'Updates installed repos DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'helper function to write all flowgrams from a list of filter files'.
'Log an error message with the given status code.'.
'Notify the systemd system.
'Open a file for opening'.
'Check if input is dense and convert dense results to DCNL sparse format.'.
'Handle menu handler'.
'List all the datastore instances for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Resets the next word to the current point.
'Returns a list of user names for the given user ids.
'Get continuous query from database.
'Creates a new image with the specified data.
'utility routine to return a 2-tuple of an array'.
'Parse the XML string into an xml element. DCNL .
'Add backends to social auth.'.
'Return the name of the backend.'.
'Convert a string to ANSI color code.
'Convert cell range string in A1 notation to numeric row/col DCNL pair
'Load the data and store the train/test data.'.
'Unpack the data to a usable format.
'Get the number of polygon sides, with a minimum of three.'.
'Returns a bool indicating whether a bson.
'Ensures that the source is a valid source space.
'Send an email to target.
'Evaluates an echo command.'.
'Find local s3 image represented by the provided id.'.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for POSIX systems.'.
'Computes the min precision of an array.
'Convert a glance id to an internal id.'.
'Copies all files from a source node to the given target node.
'Skip test cases.'.
'String-like.'.
'Deploy a certificate to the end of the plugin.
'Convert a sequence of bytes'.
'Return a new version of the latest object of a new class.
'Returns the synonyms of the given word.'.
'Used to filter non-data output from warnings.
'Save stats to a model file'.
'like mkdir -p'.
'Returns variant of variant.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Return a random salt string of the given length.'.
'Extract subseq of roi values from timeseries DCNL Parameters DCNL ro
'Sends a signal to the process\'s signal.
'Pause the current figure.
'Convert bytes to unicode if possible.
'Gets an unused port on localhost.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Computes the standard deviation of an array, standard deviation, DCNL and stdout
'Return the line number in the function.
'Loads a model from the saved checkpoint directory.
'Convert a timestamp to a string'.
'List scheduled courses.
'Makes a full covariance matrix for diagonal cases.'.
'Returns the raw sum of elements of xs.'.
'Read labels from the dataset.
'Given a series of probabilities and a probability distribution, return the DCNL probability of each
'Get the current app object for the current frame.
'Test sample function with regular SMOTE.'.
'Resizes images.'.
'Helper method to start and start a TLS server for tests.
'Returns the target form for the comment type.'.
'Unload a module'.
'Update a quota or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Checks if a string is a keyword.'.
'Run pyreverse'.
'Returns True if the convergence is completed, False if the DCNL check is completed,
'Return unique values for each non-dimensional values.
'Start the stats directory on the given path.'.
'Normalize a tag name. DCNL Args: DCNL tag: a (
'Compute the corr correlation matrix to a series of values.
'Wait until emulator is ready to start with prefix'.
'rstrip(a, b) -> string DCNL Args: a (a
'Deletes an image from the backend.
'Returns the memory usage of the Windows windows (in bytes)'.
'Disable the service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Pick an authenticator plugin.'.
'List public IPs in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Execute a SQL query.'.
'Test drawing regular polygons using RegularPolygonVisual'.
'Makes a violin plot.'.
'Get the action by request_uid.'.
'Unregister a function. DCNL .
'Checks if the breadcrumb works'.
'Get the index of media item. DCNL .
'Edit a thread.'.
'Runs the example.'.
'Returns a list of available translation languages.
'Coerce \'value\' to a datetime, if set or not nullable
'Create a collection with the given key.
'Test with non non symmetric input'.
'Pick the eigen value for a channel.'.
'Writes a file to disk.
'Test join node.'.
'Compute the square matrix of a square matrix.
'Add a `Bearer Token` to the request body.
'Print all flaky tests.'.
'Delete an ACL token.
'Get a property value from the device.
'Make a discrete source space.
'Return the formatting of the comment string.
'Flatten a list of objects.
'Parses the tool shed and returns a tuple of toolshed.
'Parses an accept header.
'Start processes and start the proxy object in the database.
'Checks that the value is a valid Python object.
'Decode a result into a Unicode string.'.
'Runs the given cls command.'.
'Raise an error if file does not exist.
'Return the avatar url for a group.
'Same behavior as arrays.'.
'Checks if a list is a valid id.'.
'Convert values to the fill value.
'Escapes special characters ``text``.
'Check that jazers can be used in JL horizon.'.
'Wrap the test to ignore foreign key checks.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Tests that the files have a review type for a draft.'.
'Join(x,y) -> join DCNL Join(1, ..., ...
'List all the webserver entries for the given IP address.'.
'Try to create an enum by name.
'.
'Move a new path to a new file.
'Download the contents of the url into the file.'.
'Build all library modules'.
'Get all related topics in the given section.
'Change frequency of subtitles'.
'Wrapper for Django tests.'.
'Creates a task message.
'Unquotes a header value.
'Create and return cluster cls'.
'Check if the given process name is active.
'Get a component from the database via name'.
'Fetch all process names in the cluster.
'Do the exact match of channels.
'Start a worker'.
'Set up the plot. DCNL Args: DCNL options: DCNL -
'Rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise'.
'year, month -> ordinal, index-to-indexer.
'Convert to int or raise'.
'Make the config and upload it to the server.'.
'Builds a multipart request body for image.
'Stop following a user.
'Parse a query and return a QueryQuery object.
'Turn a list of allocations into a dict.
'Create the time mask for tmin.
'Returns True if the given text is a URL. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'makedirs(path, mode=0777) DCNL Super-mkdir -
'Grab the seed for testing.
'Gets all vifs.'.
'Recursively traverse the file tree and return a list of files.'.
'Checks whether date matches the date in the date format.'.
'Convert Celsius to color temperature.'.
'Gets a Milestone and CourseContentMilestone.
'Aux function.'.
'Recursively reduce dicts.'.
'Return whether or not the list of filters it should be tradeable.
'Check if a task has a task module'.
'Returns a file-like object for the given filename.
'Return True if the attribute value are equal.
'Return a ping to a server on the specified port.
'Extract the domain name from a domain name.
'Return the node_info information for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Compute the differences between two sparse arrays.
'Compute the centrality score for each element of X.
'Test whether a path is a directory.
'Ensure valid values are valid'.
'Loads a countgraph object from the given filename.
'Remove all non-empty entries from l1 and l1 DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Make a reference to a refgroup.'.
'Populate the database'.
'Get instance type by flavor id.'.
'Log the user in the database.'.
'Convert a timestamp to datetime.datetime object.'.
'Import a list of classes from a module.
'Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits.
'*musicpd.org, client to client section:* DCNL ``prio
'Check to see if a set of files in mri.
'Runs text analysis on a provided input_dir.
'Returns the given HTML with all tags stripped.'.
'Look up object by spec.
'Convert an object to a timezoneinfo object.
'Raises `student_access` if the course has access to the course.
'modify units at a time'.
'Make a request to a GET request.
'Returns the URL to use for rerun the course run.
'Return if nictag DCNL nictag : string DCNL nictag
'Add tools to the tool manager'.
'Return a fresh output manager instance.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Build request headers.'.
'set tax and setting taxes for the given customer'.
'Determine whether the given kexAlgorithm is a valid RSA key.
'Determine if the point is inside a polygon.
'Allow CTRL-C to support CTRL+C.'.
'Update a draft registration\'s registration metadata DCNL :param draft_name: Return
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Require the site-enabled site.
'Sample std-normalization of samples in sample'.
'Compare common files in two directories.
'Helper function to handle read/write request'.
'Get w2l2 word2 word from Google vocab.'.
'Get the version'.
'Writes a CSV file containing the given course data.
'Return an empty object.'.
'Clears the graph cache'.
'Validate the check flags.'.
'Makes a matrix of entries for 2 entries.
'Equate the points.'.
'Print the result of a test result and printing the results.
'Context manager to temporarily disable signals.'.
'Convert a BlobstoreError to a blob error.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally
'Change the response body of QIIME header.'.
'Assign a default group.'.
'Wait for the specified IO to write to the current greenlet.
'Compute the r-squared regression.
'Expected leading and trailing whitespace in a table'.
'Escape non-ASCII characters as suggested by RFC 3986'.
'Convert image to disk format.'.
'Gets the name of the volume group.
'Displays the crash file from the given crash file.'.
'Get zoneinfo. DCNL Returns: DCNL None if the zoneinfo is not
'Create an event on the current context.'.
'Logs a SAML server.'.
'Quoted YAML representation of a text.
'Synthesis of a sound using the harmonic sigmoid model DCNL t:
'Raises a `~astropy.io.votable.exceptions.
'Parses a name and returns a (name, version) pair.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_long(StringIO.StringIO.
'Computes the difference between two tensors.
'Return the canonical path of a filename.
'Creates a new security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Add a new Chk config file to the system config'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set a variable on the minion
'This is an initial setup for the setup.
'Detect format from stream.'.
'Find the unique name of the named variable DCNL .
'Return the cached image\'s vdi_ref.'.
'If given URL is translated into `url`.
'Make a path for the locales file.
'Don\'t create a store_fs by pootle_path for a pootle
'Returns the XMP header for the response.'.
'Parse command-line arguments.
'toggle data register D6 bit'.
'Given a GFF format object, return a string representation.'.
'Adds the overrides between the input context.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash'.
'Inserts a document'.
'TODO: document this'.
'Returns True if given `ip_prefix` is a valid IPv4 prefix.
'Determine if the line should be a comment.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Takes a list of map and maps them to a single tag.
'Compute the HAC HAC HAC DCNL Args: DCNL d
'Get new derivation.'.
'Confirm that the package is available and the system is available.
'Strips `text` from `text`.
'Convert an OrderedDict entry into an error code.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.datetime.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Format a time from Epochs or datetime object.
'Returns XLSXLS of data'.
'Parse and validate the contents.
'Return all namespaces in the specified range.
'Converts an XML string into a CodesFeed object.
'Returns the \'model_label\' string, or \'app_label\' if set
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return the current load average for
'Converts a numeric value to an int.'.
'Removes the given prefix from an xml string from the XML prefix.
'Returns a dictionary representation of forward field names in the field.
'Return a list of dictionaries from a search index.
'Delete an integration response for a given method in a given API DCNL CLI Example:
'Executes the coverage reports'.
'Check if a tenant exists.
'Get the comment'.
'Builds the virtual disk spec for the specified device.
'Returns a list of columns from the database.
'Generate the reStructuredText for examples.'.
'fill(s, sink=False) -> Spatialink(s) DCNL
'Determine if the pixel is inside the square.'.
'View that handles a password request.'.
'Builds a codeobj dictionary for the given code.
'Check windows position: return a valid string'.
'Create a simple factory that creates the right type.
'Computes the central moment of xs.'.
'Update image with the given image.'.
'Test that tail matches the tail argument'.
'Get matrixSVG by transformWords.'.
'Receive the receipt of a receipt.
'Set up an exception in a CloudFormation exception.
'ansible oc module for options'.
'Decode a string encoded with Base64.
'Retrieves the current settings from the settings directory.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Parse a set of query strings into a dictionary.
'Returns a list of input values.
'Decorator to mark a test.'.
'A quick helper method to connect to ipis.
'Return True if path starts with prefix'.
'Make a fake server instance for a given protocol.
'Open a file with the given name.
'Check that `collection` matches the given version.'.
'Writes traceback and returns traceback.
'load all modules from app.
'Sets an instance of :class:`Store` in the app registry.
'Read and return the contents of a file as a string'.
'Create a new virtual interface record.
'Returns True if the given issue is closed.
'Assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Delete OAuth tokens from the user.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 9 Section 9.1.43'.
'Test estimation of sample_weight matrix.'.
'Imports the modules from a list of modules.
'Begin the IO loop and watch the IO.'.
'Returns the next unique id for a field value.
'Default action which deletes the selected objects.
'Get an IRC format string from the format specified in the format DCNL .
'Check that \'get_attr\' attributes are set correctly.'.
'Returns the number of CPUs in the system'.
'Creates the module to load NRT_INTR'.
'Computes the average of a list of strings.
'Tests that hug\'s greater than type successfully limits the values passed in'.
'Create a dataset.'.
'Waits for a server to connect to a server.
'Returns True if a 404 at the given URL *shouldn\'t* notify the
'Assert a == b, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Get the full path to the builtins module.
'Helper function for printing a string to stderr.'.
'Send e-mail notifications for all users.'.
'Returns True if the exploration is considered for a given user_id.
'Get the full path to a shell command.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Tries to match user arguments and returns them.
'Ensure the encryption traps are enabled on the specified device.
'Update collection votes.'.
'Return error message for GCPError.'.
'Upload file.'.
'Serialize a ``Log model`` to a model.
'Returns True if url is full, False otherwise.'.
'Yields pairs of results from a search query.'.
'Returns the sum of the points in a list of dists.
'Extracts a tarfile.
'Return a relative path to a archive file.'.
'Used to determine if a variable has a non-subgraph.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the absolute path to the given object.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Append a bundle to the OSC bundle.'.
'Assert that the given host is read from the given host.
'Load a string from a file and return it as a dictionary.'.
'Given a list of digits, returns the digits of the digits of a digit DCNL
'Given a locale (i.e.
'Decorator to skip test if the predicate is true.'.
'Apply callback to link_url.'.
'Add an IP address to the host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Gets the IPv6 address name.
'Require a MySQL database.
'Sign a base64 url2.
'Make sure `remove_from_figure` is removed from a figure out'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Gets the width of this platform.'.
'Enable all scheduled jobs on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Set quota usage information for a resource.
'Get all the paragraphs in a document.
'Order edit'.
'Returns a list of fields for each active server group.
'Parses a subpattern.'.
'Get the number of polygon sides.'.
'load a mav file'.
'Get hosts to network\'s hosts.'.
'Loads a MySQL database.'.
'Convert text to markdown.
'Communicate using SDP connection'.
'Deletes the device with the given device_id.
'Convert cartesian coordinates to cartesian.'.
'Converts the given node to its text representation.
'New folder form'.
'Return the entity group kind of key.
'Create a title.'.
'Returns True if the string is a bool, False otherwise.'.
'Replace Escapes special characters'.
'Returns True if params can be read from a scorer.'.
'Add a package to the specified packages.
'TODO: DCNL http://stackoverflow.com/questions/
'Try to prepend root in /etc/paths'.
'Get the texsystem command.
'Returns all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the user\'s username.
'Indicates the indentation level.
'Read table normal data with fixed width table'.
'Generate lorem impsum for the given `num`.'.
'shorts ::= \'(\' chars \') -> \' \' [ \' \' \'
'Convert the xml element.'.
'Construct a SOAP request request data request.
'stmt : LISTST'.
'Perform a response of Cookie header requests.
'Add a new BatchJob to upload operations to.
'Given an exception, return the error number of errno.
'Fork off the daemon.
'Returns the table based on word_dict'.
'Determine default user default.'.
'Fetch a canvas by its current canvas'.
'Return inner output.'.
'Compare two paths. DCNL Args: DCNL path_by_names:
'Get an integer or default value.'.
'Create a tarball and return a tarball object'.
'Formats a table according to the database.
'Retrieve the available plugin names.'.
' summarize Markdown. DCNL .
'Tries to add a dependency to the given path.
'Compute the inverse of an array.
'Detach a volume from a block device DCNL name DCNL Name of the volume
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL .
'Selects the element in a list which is equal to the smallest.'.
'Test that we can load an example YAML.'.
'Return the number of bits needed to turn it into a string'.
'Return the wait time for the current thread.
'Return a list of defined names in the context.'.
'Split the input list into a comma-separated list.
'This is called by the main application'.
'Decompress a LZZZipped bitmap entry point value.
'Three- Triple Price'.
'Set verbosity to verbose_level'.
'Test volume validation.'.
'Calculate interpolation key.'.
'Takes a scene name from a scene name, and converts it to a scene \'
'Return True if mne is running on this machine.'.
'Returns whether the given view can access the given permission.
'Determine the function code for a given receiver and function.
'Get a Bokeh annotation from a variable.'.
'Find the n largest elements in a dataset. DCNL Equivalent to:  sorted
'Escape the given string for use in a URL.
'Finds a sample file'.
'<url> - gets an <username> from <url>.'.
'Replace sys.path with sys.path'.
'Concatenate dataframe into multiple dask dataframe.
'Build and return resolververses from configuration.'.
'Convert an Orange Venue object to a string.
'returns t[a]'.
'Returns the file spec.
'Gets a URL from the WSGI environment.
'Date/Time converted to seconds since epoch'.
'Return extension.'.
'Truncates a string to a maximum length.'.
'Run unittest tests'.
'Create a new figure.
'Calculate the score for each classification test.'.
'docstring for install'.
'Ensure numpy\'s RGB array is valid.'.
'Returns a string identifying the git changeset.
'Returns database password for given database name.
'Return a list of groups from the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Build a stack trace from an element.
'Builds and returns a configuration with the given configuration.
'Given a content type, return a ``Content`` object.
'Check for assertTrue(is_true_not_false).'.
'Serialize the data to the site-data structure.
'Registers a flag whose value can be a flag.
'Create a fixed IPs from the values dictionary.
'Generic Typical MemoryError.'.
'command line condition'.
'Create a random unicode string.
'Replace os.fork with the same name as the OSX system.'.
'Helper function for pretty-printing a frame.
'Wait for a CSS element to be present and click.
'Check to see if a trail exists.
'Suggest column names on table alias and dot DCNL when selecting multiple columns from table DC
'Helper function for :math:`fnormal`.
'Migrate VM to host.'.
'XBM (X11)'.
'Read the configuration from the test suite.
'Checks whether user can upload dictionary for given project.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the specified log records DCNL (in any order
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Replace :func:`tzinfo` with timezoneinfo.
'Verify that namespace packages are valid'.
'Yield split_text at a given string.'.
'Renders the handler for a given block.
'Evaluates the distance between two points in a pair of point1 and y2
'Filter out fasta and cutoff paths, returning only sorted. DCNL seqs:
'Test merging metadata exceptions.'.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Generate docs for services.'.
'Returns POST.'.
'Create an ImageProperty object'.
'Saves an image in a file.
'Distance between line d and l.
'Remove a leader from the group.'.
'Make a safe dict from an arbitrary data structure'.
'Retrieves the labels on the node.
'Checks for invalid arguments in options.
'Run a simple example hook.'.
'Regression test for issue #5015.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid try'.
'Get the current device name.
'Return a partial similarity ratio between 0 and 0.
'Shows the shipping details for the current cart.
'.
'Build a descriptor\'s method.
'Update the contents of a patch in the form.
'Splits a multi-time string into (times, time, subtitle) for the
'Compute the nearest neighbor distance.
'Test evoked from Evoked data.'.
'Sample globals'.
'Corrects the font and updates the font.'.
'Determine if we can query.'.
'Set the IAM policy for a topic.'.
'Start and watch assets.'.
'Return the data disk to use.
'Return True if `source` is a VOTable object'.
'Takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string DCNL using values from
'Check if a variable is stable.
'Get the winding craft sequence.'.
'Returns True if a and b are equal'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Looks to see if mdata-data is present on the system'.
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Returns the sum of a single dimension'.
'This is a dictionary of validators, which can be dict of the DCNL validation
'Return all nodes connected to the given node.
'Destroy the named list DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parse a layout and plot the layout DCNL Parameters DCNL layout : dict DC
'Generate timestamp for a file.'.
'Basic inverse of composite compound model.'.
'Compute the power of a variable.
'Ensure that the tables are loaded.'.
'Prints the console log to the standard output.'.
'Serialize HTML5lib with embedded data.
'Return the desired information for a specific job.
'Read samples from a file.
'Return a JSON representation of machine ports.
'Returns the effective router for the given app name.
'Return the path to xdg config directory.'.
'Determine the compression of a file path.
'Return JSON object from the WSGI environment.
'Adds \'unauthenticated\' attribute to decorated function. DCNL Usage: DCNL
'Return True if command fails.'.
'returns the username of the sklearn user'.
'Raise an error if it does not exist.'.
'Convert scope value to a string.'.
'extract version from __init__'.
'generic error handler'.
'Register Bonjjquery for the given API.
'Checks if a list is an array of IDs.
'Authenticate the given OAuth token.'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Tests if the addon has an editable folder'.
'Remove an IIS application pool.
'Utility version of :class:`pyramid.proxy.proxy.proxy.
'Test that a project looks like an `save_failer` exception.'.
'Select a proxy for the url, if applicable. DCNL :param url: The
'Returns a CookieJar from a key/value dictionary.
'Returns an error response.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Copies a document to a document_pb.Document protocol buffer.'.
'Get the path of a given module.
'Get the maximum of the elements.'.
'Detect the user\'s device name from the request.
'Return the pid for a dev device.
'Parse an absolute URI into a URL.
'Return the tree constructed from the CIX path.
'Decode a given encoding string.
'Look for the named service role and return it.
'Validates that \'value\' is a nonnegative integer or None.'.
'Returns the buttons for the addon.
'Wrapper function'.
'Write a network interface to disk'.
'The inverse of the user.
'Simplify multiple indexes.'.
'Ensure a group is absent.
'Retrieves the request parameter from an HTTP request.
'Returns the score values based on the user\'s score (e.g.
'Update the colors of a colormap.'.
'Create an ASM font document'.
'Retrieve a list of Zkka instances.'.
'Convert a list of value numbers to a tuple'.
'Converts an IPv4 address to an integer.
'Return a dict of environment proxies.'.
'Return the basename of a path.'.
'Tries to remove a layer from the database.
'Three-Point Three'.
'Test initialization of an EC2 instance.
'Runs the example.'.
'Generate a token for the given user and action.
'Returns abs of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'test axes.psd with noise stimuli'.
'Only load this module if consul is installed'.
'Run pyexcelerate.'.
'For this proxy shutdown is a no-op'.
'Check if a process matches it with the given `pid\''.
'Returns the HTTP Server'.
'P pauses until n or more seconds.
'Update quota for a tenant.'.
'Move to the beginning of the line.'.
'Print text with a replacement.'.
'Sets the given logger\'s level.'.
'Get the mode for a device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Shows the snapshot of a temporary image.'.
'.
'Private function used to compute power test for test data DCNL Parameters DCNL t :
'Helper function that doesn\'t work on single line offsets.'.
'Gets data from a URL'.
'Log a message with severity \'CRIT\' DCNL .
'Returns translated language dict from frappe.lang.
'Extracts rows from a range string.
'Return the targets from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Creates a conda stack. DCNL Args: DCNL connections: the
'Verify that the given header matches the response.'.
'Return true if the object is a data object'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the table is the table of the DCNL
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\' DCNL
'Return an error message.'.
'Write Biff to file.
'Try to determine the system username of a string.
'Read vcvarsall.bat and read the settings from it.'.
'Helper function for regular expressions.
'Register a test function to be used as decorator.'.
'return system information'.
'Merge time from path.'.
'Execute jseals and return the result. DCNL .
'Read a pickle packet.
'Convert an IPv6 address in Compact Representation Compact Representation DCNL to RFC
'Get the vsphere object from the given name.'.
'Add live symlinks to specified renewal.
'Compute polynomial univariate polynomials in ``GF(p)[
'Usage: DCNL html_quote_string() DCNL >>> html_quote_
'Activate an API deployment for a given restApiId and stage name DCNL
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a
'Writes the response in a CttpResponse into a HttpResponse.
'Updates the policy object with the given policy item.
'Replace any quotes in a string.
'Upgrades all packages via brew.
'Get the profile base file name.'.
'Validate an IPv4 address'.
'New knowledge category form'.
'Register a service class as an object'.
'Obtain serial number from show version string'.
'.
'Get the intersection lists for the x intersection indexes.'.
'Redirects `n_times` for `n times`.'.
'Generate masq configuration file'.
'Moves a stored path from a storage path.
'Return the relevant reservations.'.
'Compute all coefficients of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]``
'Convert markdown to HTML.
'TV denoising of a 3D channel.'.
'Removes commit information from rebalance.'.
'Ensure the CA filesystem exists.'.
'Make sure we don\'t wake up to sleep'.
'Ensures that the transformation transform can be used to make sure the correct DCNL
'atom : STRING'.
'Generate the first page pdf files that need to be uploaded.
'Show a message about the root logger.'.
'Gets the words by file.'.
'yaml: gitlab-notifier DCNL Set gitlab-commit.
'Infer the return type of the arguments to use.
'Checks if value is a localizable type (date, number...) and returns it
'Return a list of availability zones.
'Given a dictionary of object headers, return a list of attributes.'.
'Aux function for generating a selector.
'Test that we can use the NVIDIA_device_driver constructor with DCNL the same
'Generate the plot data for training.
'return tree details of tree details'.
'Returns a class object based on the endog, e.g.
'Assert that no element is found.
'Write tty log to tty.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL form for
'Given a list of strings, return a sorted `Query` and `Sort` that
'Returns a unique value for a given type.'.
'Computes the variance of Xs.
'Return strategy module name.'.
'Generate the age for a given issue time.
'Main.'.
'Test matching rules.'.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Compute the residual residual of a projection matrix.
'Returns the value of an opts for key.
'The main function to thread.
'Replace tags in a string'.
'Returns the logger for this process.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.5.0 DCNL Lists the number of minions that
'Renders the user.'.
'Attach a collections dict to each of the given collections.
'Helper for _proto_message_type.
'This will store the language information dictionary for the given language DCNL code in a context
'infer the frequency of a pandas DataFrame DCNL Parameters DCNL index :
'Decorator for marking an admin request.
'Setup the hypervisor.'.
'Convert a config list into a \'config\''.
'Add cell information to the task log.
'Retrieve service plugin by name.
'Assert that ``a`` equals ``b``.
'Load the test suite.'.
'Check if a (artist, g, b) tuples are RGB.
'Custom cache key function.'.
'Write the properties xml.'.
'Read a numpy array.'.
'Prints the usage of this script.'.
'Produces a 2-D component with a 2-tuple of the second DC
'Creates a zone for the service.
'Convert a timedelta to total.
'Return a write writer for the given file_handle.'.
'Summarize summary variables.
'Check if the user can view the repository_review on the repository.
'Light weight by a color.
'Process xmlElement by svgReader.'.
'Add new regions to new regions which already exist.'.
'Plots a scatter plot.
'Process a docstring.'.
'Strip the component of a component.'.
'Generate shell test data for source file'.
'Checks that \'expr\' is None'.
'.
'Return the value of the authenticated user id.'.
'Return the importer for a given filename.'.
'Make a directory if it doesn\'t exist'.
'Format a list of blog entries for the given blog.
'Helper function for debugging output'.
'Delete all image properties for given image id.'.
'Check source code with check_code.
'Swap system memory as a total.
'Convert a map of params to a dictionary of layers.
'Include the closing events on the plot.'.
'Generate a summary report containing a unit summary of the given namespace DCNL :param
'Test sensitivity coding'.
'Convert the email address string into an email address.'.
'Return a GCE connection.'.
'Stop the server'.
'Check the status of the state'.
'Combines a sequence `a`.
'Compile client.'.
'Add a new service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Start a new certificate generation generator.'.
'Non-linear regression.'.
'Returns an appropriate script based on settings.
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Process download failed files'.
'Return true if the table exists in the specified table.
'Liability edit'.
'Return basic information about all non-custom themes'.
'Convert ID32 to a 32-bit integer ID.
'Finds the first item and returns a nested dictionary.'.
'Test the list of user\'s shortlists.'.
'Parse output specification out of the output modules.
'Do the actual DELETE.'.
'Downloads Sina video by id.'.
'Get the Python version from Python'.
'Return a value for the requested metric'.
'Overrides the function that returns dummy ``dummy``.
'Returns a new lock object.
'Gets an exploration ids matching a query string.
'Compute the inverse of an array.
'Return unicode_strg'.
'Reshapes incoming input.
'Execute a single input along with a multiple of inputs ids.
'Return server version from s3.
'Returns True if the current thread is in the current thread.'.
'Try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent
'Only load the module if qemu-img is installed'.
'Extends an HTTP response with the given status code.
'Parse an IMAP4 INTERNALDATE string.'.
'Returns the model object for the given query parameters.
'This function creates a chart and returns the duration of a (pn).'.
'Builds the Property Filter Spec.'.
'API: send a test email, return result'.
'Linear generator'.
'A user with the `user_user`.
'Flatten an object.
'Conditional.conditional_weights returns a constant.'.
'Take a list of dicts and return the merged list of policies.
'Create a new ComputeNode record from the values dictionary.'.
'Checks that the specified exam contains problems for entrance exams.
'Send email notification. DCNL .
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use
'Choose the correct type of the given filepath.
'Compute the kernel for the kernel.
'A decorator that defines __str__ and __str__ methods.'.
'Find the previous version of a file.
'Gets the value of the request level.
'Return the leading term in ``K[X]``.
'dimitem : NUMBER DCNL | dimitem'.
'Return a tuple containing (host, port) pairs of chroot.
'Convert a OSX URL to Windows.
'Finds a tagged tag'.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace at the start of a single line.
'Returns a tuple of tiers for a given device.
'Sets the handler for a handler.
'Apply function to each element of the tensor.
'Evaluates the arc of a plane angle'.
'Puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have DCNL to be
'Edit profile.'.
'Recursively find all files under the given tree.'.
'Formats the info table to be used as a column table.
'Coerce data to a dict.
'Convert a blockdevice_id into a dataset_id.
'Returns a dict describing specific flavor_id.'.
'Utility function to get a list of sentences from a list of sentences.
'Loads an inline C{inline} module from the inline C{inline}
'\'s absolute path should work'.
'Validate that the number of values passed to a list of int_values, or
'Backwards compatibility'.
'Given a indexer_id, return a list of all the scene exceptions.'.
'Retain the vertical spacing before the line.'.
'Test line profile with specified size'.
'Utility function to match a subscription.'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Usage: DCNL `User_class_id` is a `User` object
'Return numeric information for SunOS stats'.
'Test setCookies with cookiecut.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid cut'.
'Computes the norm of two vectors.
'release a module description. DCNL .
'Count n-sized integers in arr.
'Remove accents from a string.'.
'Set the OpenGL configuration attributes'.
'Retrieve blob info from blob_key.
'Parses result from cache files and calls it to query.
'Print the version'.
'Element-wise abs(a)'.
'Check if a python module has a valid Python version.
'Sets the default configuration options for this module.'.
'Shift divisions by partitions'.
'Binary model for classification loss.
'Flags the given record for an event on the given instance.
'Retrieves a calendar from a given name.
'Generate a random string of specified length.'.
'Opens a timezone file by name.
'Add fill boundary.'.
'Remove a handler reference.'.
'Unload all modules in a module.'.
'Validate a pack name for the given package name.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Load class from a setting.
'Helper function to remove G.
'Fix some stuff in the makefile'.
'Import a private key and private key.'.
'Importing vispy.app should not import this works'.
'Builds a SelectField whose keys are the current toolbox.
'Convert an HTML page to a Python annotation string.'.
'Returns the codename of a user\'s slug.
'List documents in a category.
'Looks for all the files in the S3 bucket cache metadata'.
'Send receipt for the purchase.
'utility function to get the vechine of a list.'.
'Make the make_make links'.
'Returns true if the given class does not exist on the given DCNL class.'.
'Set a configuration option.'.
'Get a backup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Remove a VFS record from the specified device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Check if a file is a fifly.
'Redefine the settings that have been patched correctly.'.
'Add slashes in a string.'.
'Return a dict of all IPv6 addresses available on the minion DCNL CLI Example:
'Parses distance matrix and reads into PCA mapping.
'Run the test suite'.
'Join a BigF record using a join'.
'Handles registration form'.
'Delete masked mask'.
'Generate color preferences from given options.'.
'Wrapper around get_request.get() that logs a GET request.'.
'Validate that the device list contains valid data'.
'Create a delimiter for the given file.
'Converts \'path\' to \'human-readable\'.'.
'Build the qsubcommand string for output.'.
'A generic function to render a gensimic template.
'Returns a sorted list of the elements in a given order.
'Test working copy when a target already exists.'.
'Returns the link to the cms block'.
'Downloads all the promo images from a key/value pair.
'Copies the specified path to the clipboard.
'Print a list of items.'.
'Create a text file with the given name and encoding.
'Load the macro macros defined in the file.
'Verify that the minimum_of_healthy is alive.'.
'Raise exception if data is not allowed to be found.
'Remove a password from the specified pwd file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Fixture which provides a fake tab-plugin object.'.
'Evaluate a subs of a ``p``.
'Convert file size to a human-readable file size.
'Create a new object'.
'Yield non-empty lines of a string'.
'Parse the driver line'.
'Given a tag, return whether or not the given tag level is.
'Put a secret from the secret dictionary.'.
'Create a Reference from a Reference instance.
'Strip output to list of strings that can be removed.
'Get the fabmetheus directory path.'.
'Verifies that a file exists.
'Returns the logarithm of the given values.'.
'Internal handler for download result of a failed response.'.
'Generate a list of video videos for the given course.'.
'Parses a file, or a path from a URL.
'Ignore if the user is not allowed to access the group of the DCNL data
'Split a cmdline into its arguments.
'TestIntegration integration tests'.
'Format the output of a list of diffs.
'Function for exponential functions'.
'Checks whether user can edit the specified model.
'Resizes proxy to proxy'.
'Convert a dictionary to a keyed dict'.
'Install a custom language'.
'Returns True if the item represents a message.
'set the current axes for the current axes.
'Aborts a valid HTTP status code.
'Returns a list of paths for schemes.
'Setup the Stack sensors.'.
'Find language based on language code.
'Fixture to provide a QNetworkOs access only.'.
'Yield all valid collectors for a collection.
'Quotes the characters in a string. DCNL .
'Fetch entries from a database.
'Update ports. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the size of an object.
'Get the points from the segment table.'.
'Same as :func:`redirect_response`.
'Helper function to write flowgrams to stdout_interflow.
'Delete an image tag.'.
'Return the current year as year.'.
'Translate a process ID and return the pid as a string'.
'Translate a variable name to a regular expression name.
'Same as a == b.'.
'get user info from the given HTTP header DCNL :param str http_cookie:
'Browse an object and return the dialog.'.
'Return the ancestors of `source` from G.
'Check the position of morder-order'.
'Entry point for the program.'.
'Get the jump point if it is inside the boundary, otherwise return None.'.
'Filters out the background jobs.'.
'Wrapper around getvalue\'s value'.
'Convert the earth-position vector to spherical positions.'.
'Iterate over snippets in a text file.
'Unmap data to array of indices.
'Is the given IP address? DCNL .
'Install and install code from previous code.
'Converts a hex string (like hexadecimal) from a hexadec
'Get EOL characters from os.os. DCNL :param os_name:
'Formats a RFC 3339 as suggested by RFC 3339.'.
'Overrides the given credentials without scope.
'Creates COW image with the given backing file.
'Return raw incrontab for a user.
'Send an email to a user.
'.
'Convert the jobs submitted into a job type.'.
'Yields tuples of all app modules.'.
'Load overrides defined overrides from file_path.
'Return True if gcc is running on this GPU.
'Return the OpenShift version string if it exists.
'Detects if a stream is a valid DF.
'Generator that returns a list of partial entities.
'Convert a URI to an unreserved form.
'Inverts a bit like datastore to the specified bit.
'abstract_declarator : pointer'.
'Ensure that `version` raises an exception on the given version.'.
'Creates a java app environment for the given app name.
'Gets a list of role assignments for a user.
'Generate RSA keys of nbits bits.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Returns true if the section has any problems in the specified section.
'Given text, extract the first line of index.'.
'Create SAML provider DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Drops the database'.
'Log the user out.'.
'Restores the status of a app.'.
'Returns the Levenshtein edit distance between two sequences.
'List queues associated with a specific backend DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Locate a file and search for a basename.
'Get a list of Feed Item Ids used by a given Campaign Feed.
'Fixture to render test config.'.
'Compute square-free ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'A demonstration of the Matterman\'s class.
'Prints all commits to the given repository. DCNL :param repo: Path to
'Connect to the database.'.
'Test clearing the keystring text.'.
'Add the x intersection indexes from loop.'.
'Test get_inst data generator.'.
'Return a colormap associated with the given name.
'Extract the list of cost functions from the configuration.
'Reshapes `arr` to `arrays` if `arr` is not
'Redefine Celery worker pool.
'Pass in the arguments dict and override overrides the base dict.'.
'Convert an integer to a raw string.
'Returns the object pointed to by ``ref``.'.
'Check if the specified resource is enabled.
'Execute the given function and catch exceptions.'.
'Retrieves all messages from the logged in user and displays DCNL :param request
'Run a openssl certificate.
'encode extension_av_avors'.
'Return a tuple of all the templates directories on the given appname.
'Fetches information of a specific IPsecSite DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'This should be overriden in the current figure.'.
'Check if the vlan_interface exists on the host.'.
'Tests that the ability to create a max similarity for DCNL the generation of the
'Replaces the given string with the target in a replacement.
'gpu_from_host(gpu_from_gpu()) -> gpu_from
'Verify that the repo_fs does not match the repo.'.
'Delete a collection summary model.'.
'Write a string representation of the root object.
'Get the next user search.'.
'Remove job from the queue'.
'Sigmoid function.'.
'Given a list of input_list, finds the missing values, DCNL returns the
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Read analysis for carving.'.
'Returns the password for a field'.
'Like `is_is_is()`, but also accepts an integer, DCNL
'Element-wise division. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Decode a JSON-encoded string.'.
':type server: str DCNL :type client: str DCNL :type client:
'Returns the full full specification of the email address.'.
'Make sure that the scenario is available.
'Return a link object'.
'Get the repository constructor.'.
'Concatenate an iterable of epochs, returning a list of DCNL
' intersection of all graphs'.
'Parses the config file and returns the path'.
'convert s to int or raise'.
'Execute a command and read the output as YAML'.
'Constructs a Datastore key for a Guestbook database.
'Build the number of questions for a given series.
'Send an event to `users` event.
'Renders a template using a template with the given values.'.
'Validate the keys in dictionary'.
'Determines if a given datetime is naive.
'Remove a given file path DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Construct a single byte array from an object.
'Benchmark the number of timeseries.
'Generate a new document.'.
'Entry point for peep8.
'Parses a model from a yaml file.
'Convenience function to format and return a key=value pair.
'Returns a `status` redirect to the new URL.
'Returns the given HTML with double quotes converted to HTML.'.
'Get the currently active user.
'Language: ja -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Try to determine the CPU architecture.
'Get session object'.
'Loads a library by name.
'Compute the total sum of squared squares.'.
'Mock stdout and stderr of stdout/stderr.'.
'Add the orbits to the loop if any.'.
'Entry point for serialization DCNL This is not used by oslo_debug()
'Return the number of image members for an image.'.
'Get a service by host and binary.'.
'URL encodes a string or None if it doesn\'t exist.
'Parses a query and joins it to a separate query.'.
'Get the version from the cluster.
'Returns the EmailMessaging of an email.'.
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for availability'.
'Validate a configuration object against a given schema.
'Get the SR reference from VBD.'.
'Build a summary column for the specified results.
'Sets the model for a network instance.
'Run ``update`` if it\'s enabled.
'Get user info from domain.'.
'Get the version string from init.py.'.
'Ignores all comments in the given lines.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Setup the mysensors platform for sensors.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List storage accounts associated with the
'Apply global logging configuration to given DCNL :param settings: DCNL :param settings
'Regression test for an op on a class'.
'Determines if the backup mode is a valid backup mode.
'Get a component_review from the database via id.'.
'Converts an integer value to a number of byte string srs.
'List all the state of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Create a new skip test patching method.
'Function that returns `True` if the argument is valid.'.
'Perform common test for a set of samples in x.sample.
'Get the path to the server directory.'.
'Only return if the module is installed'.
'Remove traceback from a traceback.
'Parse a list of tables.
'Drop database tables for all models with the given engine.'.
'.
'Simple function to write debug messages to debug'.
'expr : LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'Check if the next page is redirect to.
'Convert sequences of strings to string matrix.
'Try to find a script in a given path.
'Generate RSA keys for nbits bits.
'Get the previous tag for a release.
'Convert a python-tuple (encoded, n-tuple) to
'Return a list of services that are disabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'.
'Calculate the average score for each active column.
'Run the specified test module.'.
'Returns a filter instance.
'Convert a datetime to a time'.
'Sync returners from ``salt://_returners`` to the master DCNL
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and
'Get a QPixmap for the specified name.
'Try to find the version in __init__.pyc.
'Verify that we can run a command'.
'Takes a service_type and returns a tuple of (base, service_url
'Multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression'.
'Submits a job to generate a yaml file.
'Return the parent directory of the program.'.
'Ensure that a dataset_archive cannot be ignored outside the archive DCNL outside the
'Delete all artifacts from the database.
'Create an entrance exam for entrance exam.
'Parse a requirements file and return a list of links.
'Convert a store of translations to a translation file.
'A hypothesis strategy to generate a ``Lease``.
'Make sure the display name is modified correctly'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Output the graph for LaTeX.
'Convert short to rgb'.
'Get the number of open file processes used by os.open()'.
'Convert a JSON topic to the native object.
'Save the answers to a list of questions'.
'Test that math classes are correct.
'Try to install the module from cython.
'Decorator for defining ndarray options.
'Create all empty territory'.
'Show the detail of an OAuth application.
'Parameter:  String'.
'Calculate the p2 chi2 of (1, 2).
'Allow compatibility for setuptools and setuptools.
'Wrapper around dog_stats_api.agg.'.
'Finds a feature for an album title.
'Check if `numpy` is supported.
'This function tries to generate source image source.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL Replace a warning
'Save an object to file.
'Returns the local IP address of a network interface.
'Assert that two datetime objects are equal.
'Setup the APUP sensors.'.
'Return a cookie string.'.
'Receives the given payload with the given OpenID.
'Filters all node nodes in a specific superclass.'.
'Carve a GNU Triangulated Surface file.'.
'Escape the characters in a single string.'.
'Scale the center and center of an image.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'generic error handler'.
'Test the behavior of --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Predicate for whether *value* is a scalar.'.
'Generate a list of tokens for a list of tokens.'.
'Deletes a resource.
'Inverts a mapping in a mapping.
'Build json data'.
'Provide a TestSuite to the discovery process.'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Turn a timestamp into a datetime object.
'new(name, data=b\'\') - Return a new hashing object using
'Encode obj as json file.
'Add quotes around a string.'.
'Run all the git repositories and build them.'.
'Install a certificate from the server.
'Create missing metrics for the requested view_path if required.'.
'Change the message prefix for a message.'.
'Get comparison in order to sort y side in ascending order of y side.'.
'Read in p2g2g format from path.
'.
'Returns the state of a process.
'Test installing a folder using pip install_path'.
'Checks whether the JSON string is valid.'.
'Returns the severity of a check string.'.
'Checks if TOC ortcl is active or not.
'Format a list of JSON files.
'Resume connection to a URL'.
'Given a Request, return a Team object.
'Persist the clipboard to the clipboard.'.
'Computes the inverse of a batch.
'Get next next frame. DCNL .
'Reindex all the answers submitted tasks.'.
'Make a field descriptor.
'Remove the expression from the expression.
'Returns a list of available languages.
'Return appropriate resolver class for the given resource type.
'Returns whether or not a given Employee Employee is today.'.
'Get path with points inside the channel removed.'.
'Decides whether the given filter is enabled based on the language.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Checks to see if the user
'Construct commands required for each plugin'.
'Get the number of bytes from the given bits stream. DCNL .
'The residue reduction function.
'If a list, converts it to a comma-separated string.
'get list of all users'.
'Module function to hash a password.
'Helper function that validates a registration code.
'Test the section description.'.
'Helper function for finding a sphere constraint.'.
'Return whether the given spec should be skipped.
'.
'Remove a devices from a BTRFS filesystem.
'Get analyze plugin fileNames.'.
'Yield tuples (unit, test_format) interface'.
'Sets up the shed-shed tool shed to be installed.
'Ensure a tenant exists in Keystone.
'Compute the contributors summary for a collection.
'Compare a screenshot to the screenshot of a window.
'Provide the options for the MPF filter.
'Shuffle a list.'.
'Loads an image from a PIL image DCNL Parameters DCNL file_name
'Look up an EC2 instance by a public IP.'.
'Append code to code cell.
'Create a version hash for the item field.
'Creates a simple multipro script'.
'Generate a file by name'.
'Return a dict of parsed link headers proxies.
'Verify a signature against the given certificates.
'Get the name of init executable.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Helper function to read CTF specs from a file.'.
'Return a list of os-release information for distros.
'Test rgb_UVA YU.'.
'Compute the (mat*log(p) distance matrix *p*.'.
'.
'create and return a module with the same name as necessary.
'Parses a patterns specification into a list of patterns.
'Check if the named service is already running.
'Create a ``K[X]`` polynomial from ``K[X]
'Generate a MIME object for a MIME ID.
'Read `count` 32-bit float using the plain encoding.'.
'Encrypts the given key \'message\' using the key \'key\''.
'Parse a file and return a Dataset class instance.
'Shuffle a list.'.
'Validator for slugify.
'A decorator that defines a function and only if the works on DCNL the 2
'Create a new tuple from a 2D tuple.'.
'Return list of keys in Redis DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Update the post handler for a post deleting from the post.
'Compute the output type for numpy dtype.
'Send a message to the scheduler.
'Updates the namespace tag for the given item.'.
'.
'Dump a binary string representation of the given address.
'Retry a API method.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of \'value\', using a key generated from
'Unfreeze the named container DCNL path DCNL path to the container parent DC
'A moderator user.'.
'Return tagged tags.'.
'Stop down the server with port \'port\'.
'Create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid.'.
'Returns the adjective of a given sentence.'.
'Make sure that user doesn\'t have not invite members'.
'Print a last update date'.
'Convert a JSON native object to the native object.
'Fetches a list of all IPsecs for a tenant DCNL CLI Example
'Decorator that raises ImportError if it\'s not present.
'Return the ssh_interface to use.'.
'Generate a random sample of RoIs within a given roi.
'Return the encoding of a text string.
'Return the line number of the current file.
'Return information about a gluster cluster.
'splits a string path to a module name, return the string'.
'Given a list of values and a major-values, return the major-1-
'Set a pandas dataset.
'Deletes the specified profile.'.
'Remove the element from the pixel list.'.
'Split ``f`` in ``K[X]`` in ``K[X]
'Render an icon'.
'Tests socket.getfqdn'.
'Setup the demo platform.'.
'Do nothing.'.
'Runs `code` on the given variables.
'Returns the distribution\'s distribution name.
'Clear the buffer on the connection'.
'Ensure `obj` is a CUDA numpy array.'.
'Create an image'.
'Create a list of models that require a dependency.
'Given a path to a source file, return the corresponding source object.'.
'Checks if the given path exists.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show a specific service\'s
'Execute a highstate function with the data and apply the highstate DCNL data
'Swap two axes of the given axis.
'Sets the name of the carrier.
'Fill a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert a dictionary to JSON'.
'Build the header for a given title.'.
'Sets the fake nodes.'.
'Taken from expression.
'Wrapper for inserting bytes into bytes.
'Resource Header for Items'.
'This is a wrapper around the :func:`render_xml` wrapper around the
'Create an SQS queue.
'Decodes all tags from the predefined tags.
'Test run tests.'.
'split a file from the branch \'branch\' if it\' is present in
'Checks whether two strings are equal.
'Start the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Gets all messages from `app/js` files in `app/app/
'Adds a port to a bridge.
'Unzip a zip file to a temporary directory.
'Translate a single line to a XSR format.'.
'Compute linearization of x.
'Copy the status of a file\'s modification times.'.
'Extract the next URL from the current request.
'Swap a text'.
'Parse a server-control string into a list of raw servers'.
'get issues list'.
'Helper function to add tests in autotest_path to files.'.
'Test template validation.'.
'<word> -- Returns an <word> from <word>.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Return the leading coefficient of ``f``.
'Create default groups.'.
'Returns a YAML representation of an exploration.'.
'Run a command as a GitCommand.'.
'Generate a signed certificate'.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Test validation of the validation KFold.'.
'Updates the profile_data_url for a given user_id.
'Returns a list of all specialization of a given type.
'Helper function for ``simple_findsatisfy`` with a hint.
'Check if ltype is a pointer'.
'.
'Runs the given code in the context.
'Redirects to the specified location using HTTP 304'.
'Formats a datetime object according to the given timestamp.
'Store a new ticket to account.
'Generate a slug for the given language'.
'Returns a list of spectral mirrors for the given hostname.'.
'Compute autocovariance function of arf.
'Add a new link to the last `url` and `new`.
'Test cluster level permutations.
'Ensure keyring exists in redis DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Return a dictionary that can be copied from a zip file.
'List tenant-network network.'.
'Returns the dict of all configured extensions from a CSR request.'.
'Get uuid from label'.
'Wrapper function to run cones.'.
'Helper for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.'.
'Returns the last HTTP error for the current thread.
'Horizontal prewitt on an edge should be a horizontal line.'.
'Install wx web runner'.
'Load ComparableX509 certificate.'.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.'
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Test setup_source space'.
'Get a list of user preferences.
'Return the physical memory in bytes of the system.'.
'Get the secret for a secret.
'Publish task to publish in progress table.
'Create an image from a server.'.
'Return a list of events for the resource.'.
'Sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Update client list'.
'return s if x is an inf'.
'Calculate the MDN of a Taylor matrix.'.
'Attempt to vote for documentation.
'Get the contents of a file in the given directory.'.
'Create an STF discrete STFT signal.
'Updates the forum membership for a course.'.
'Calculate the size of a directory (in bytes).'.
'Create a new text node.'.
'Test date ranges.'.
'Converts unicode string to HTML.
'Return a list of the models that are deployed to be patched.
'Return a list of all tmux config files.'.
'Deletes a route from the prefix.
'Get the interpret plugin.'.
'Update a subject interests.
'Return true if the element is focused on the browser.'.
'Generate a key for hashing function.
'Tests datetimes are made aware of the timezone.'.
'Unmount a volume.'.
'Return a list of the currently running PIDs.'.
'Get the without intersections.'.
'Returns a random image name from the file extension.'.
'Rectified Linear Unit function.
'Open a DBD file and return a DBD image object.'.
'Installs Python prerequisites'.
'Select the item of a t.
'Set the value of a nested data structure to a dictionary.
'Gets the current Python package path.'.
'Ensure that a user has changed.
'Return a list of python paths for the installed package.
'Set the computer name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Yield items from a sequence, preserving order'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the agent settings for the
'Read a signed Ed25519 key from a signature file.
'Map API call to Api.
'Compute single measure.
'Merge a collection in a collection.
'Return true if the object is a function.
'Test pooling with n_vot.'.
'Coerce \'value\' to an JSON-compatible string.'.
'Three Black'.
'Returns a list of the display names for the credit provider.
'Allows the user to follow a user'.
'Require the fid to be returned by fid.
'Construct algebraic algebraic modulings.
'Take a 2-tuple P <= 1.
'Perform an XML record lookup. DCNL .
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Verify that keypoints are scale in scale range.'.
'Converts a Python unicode string into a local machine-specific format DCNL for
'remove(s [,chars]) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the
'Message delete'.
'Try to find the real IP address of the network.
'Get the backing file of a disk image DCNL :param path: Path to the
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'return the version number from the file'.
'Check if the rt table exists.'.
'Send a notification about an instance.
'Given a list of paths, remove the root directory'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Bulk rename documents'.
'Vectorize check if array is a list of elementwise.'.
'Require a user'.
'Convert 2D vector to 1D array.
'Registered error view'.
'Poll a process, return its output.'.
'Language: ru -> sucess table colorless'.
'Asserts that the desired threshold is equal to.
'Parses a single table from the input.
'Displays all the action actions in the review request'.
'Get the desktop prefix.
'Enable an Apache module.
'Check if a convexy polygon of a polygon in the range.'.
'Flow a gcode linear move text.'.
'iteration_statement : WHILE LPAREN expression RPAREN statement'.
'Extract boolean booleans from a boolean value.
'Ensure that everything can be initialized correctly.'.
'Check if Bokeh module is installed.
'return true if the node is an abstract base class'.
'Converts a course key to a course key.
'Check if a file-like object is readable.
'Can the given user edit the given user settings.
'Submits a task to generate a CSV file containing student DCNL information about the student
'Checks that all documents of the destination: DCNL https://docs.org/
'convert central moments to central moments'.
'pkg_receive_exe'.
'Run a command and raise stdout.
'Get path.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Computes the cone of an image.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Test unit summary for each component.'.
'Context manager for temporary disabling cache.'.
'Return the given value closest to low and max'.
'Get an hash of a file DCNL .
'Returns a response for an unexpired renewal.'.
'return the external IP address of the external proxy'.
'Set resource factory method'.
'Bind event to socket.
'Checks if crypto is available.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Maximum of a tensor.
'Detect if QConsole is running.'.
'Return the disabled services.
'Returns a list of supported urls.'.
'Display the doctype.'.
'Return available panels from the parent.'.
'Get the sqlite3 database'.
'Update an existing options for a model.
'Gets the time zone name for a time zone.'.
'Shorthand for multiplication functions'.
'Loads the content of a mimetype for downloads.
'Test port validation.'.
'Set time limit for a task'.
'Get the unit price for a given offer.'.
'Associate a floating IP address to a server.'.
'Displays the \'column\' attribute of the given column.
'Delete an SQS queue.
'Checks if a string contains a valid fingerprint of the given entry.
'Insert a tab for the given tab type.
'Returns the logarithm of a list of x, such as 2, 0
'Given a string and a column width, return a list of lines.
'Match the given string to the trie.
'Execute a workerctl command'.
'Assert that item in `item` is not a list.
'Test sensor setting value.'.
'Get number rounded to a number of decimal places.'.
'Waits for a snapshot to reach a given status.'.
'Read text from a matrix.'.
'Returns a fake copy of the given option values.'.
'If there is a <del> tag that will move <del> tags from <
'Prints the JUnit code.
'Order image location list'.
'Download image from test data.'.
'Call the appropriate service.
'Return a composite canvas with the given image and height.
'parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss
'Get all available regions for the AWS RDS service.
'Get lines with duplicate keys.'.
'Register a schema to be used as an HTTP schema.
'Print a summary of the results.
'Similar to str.format_string, except that arguments are passed to the DCNL
'Extract tomcat version from tomcat output string.
'Creates a tool test suite from the given ToolSource.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a random integer with random integer nbits.'.
'Push vcs to the environment'.
'Stores all values in the given value.
'Convert data to a scalar.
'Images resource factory method'.
'Add host to the aggregate.'.
'Returns the file name for a volume.
'Returns an iterator of all plugin keywords.'.
'Get a list of all power types.'.
'Reload the module'.
'Login to the Google Version.'.
'Permission denied redirect.'.
'Ensure that the overlay is present'.
'Print a vprinter.
'Toggle Traffic Mode'.
'Parse input shape specification.'.
'Load the template library module.
'Return a location for the current application.
'Get a list of available models'.
'Decorator to skip tests with requirements.
'Return the vocabulary of a model.
'Return a list of active virtual machine names on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Extracts the package name from the data'.
'Parses a list of tokens.
'Retain a reference to a media list.
'Remove unused pyc files.'.
'Returns the URL for the given module.
'Called from the s3ss file for all the sss-style CSS files
'Check if the alignment field is correct.'.
'Atomically remove file objects from the file storage.
'Return the 32bit integer of 32bit integer 32 for 32bit arch.'.
'Return whether or not an upgrade is available for an upgrade DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Convert a URL into normalized form and only the URL.'.
'initialize all parameters'.
'Return the commutation matrix.
'Tests that distances between two strings are equal.'.
'Convert an integer to a hexadecimal number.
'Verify that all scenarios are selected by commandline.
'Generate configuration section for the cluster.
'Convert seconds into human-readable time'.
'Fetches all streams that are emitted in milliseconds.'.
'Ensure float_range works as expected by float range'.
'Get the arounds from the loop.'.
'Raises a PlotlyRequestError for the given response.
'Projects the coefficient of v.
'complete the rules DCNL :param rules: DCNL :param rules: DCNL
'Computes the summary of the contributors for an exploration.
'Unclear vouch username.'.
'This is called by os.path.initialize which will be called upon DCNL
'Look up the given key in the given session\'s identity map.
'Log a message with severity \'WARNING\' on the root logger.'.
'Require `foo` test project.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths.'.
'.
'Check if alphanumeric is compatible.
'Check if a role exists.'.
'Setup commands.'.
'Delete data from model.
'execute a job'.
'Set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir, my_ip and host.'
'Helper function to calculate the duration.'.
'Return the name of the interface type in network interface.
'Parse a size specification string according to the configured size spec.
'Search for qualified targets in a list.
'helper function to normalize HTML with given data'.
'Returns the app id from the remote server.
'Make a Dataset with the given headers.
'Delete a zone.'.
'Gets the scatter property for an object.
'Unregister a mimetype handler.
'Log the user out.'.
'Compute the SQLite tables in a SQL expression.
'Return True if the file is an empty or not.
'Enters a list of instances in Standby DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a list of IPv4 addresses assigned to the host.
'Generate a stylesheet for a specific CSS file.
'Returns a call to a specific function.
'This function is used by sys.path to check if the PATH environment has been DC
'Display a list of mpu results.'.
'strings.rfill'.
'Assert that all instances of a given list, raises an exception if no DCNL
'Registers a ZFS id to a storage pool.
'Reload csf service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Strip the object metadata for the given object key prefix.
'Rename a file from \'old\' to \'old\'.'.
'Broadcast a sequence of arrays.
'Start a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .. code-block:: bash
'Test setup_source_source.'.
'.
'Renders the response as KML.
'Add pillars output to negatives and positives.'.
'Require a SmartOS package to be installed.
'raise Jinja2 error'.
'Check that the rows of a scalar matrix.'.
'Returns the machine type, e.g.
'Marks an existing value as a single line.'.
'Feature.from_file sets FeatureDescription into Feature objects, giving line number and line
'This function is deprecated in RFC 2822 format.
'Polynomial remainder in ``K[x]``.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return a hash for the given
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from the given sequence.'.
'Returns a list of the components of ``f``.
'Returns whether a new registration is approved after the registration time.'.
'Assert that p1 and p2 are equal.
'Given a rule name, delete it.
'Launch a softwarp switch.'.
'Test getting completion for option of default parameters'.
'Merges a directory tree at src to dst'.
'Escape &, <, >, <, >, <, >, >
'Build an HTML page using the rex_command parameter.
'Converts a bytestring argument to a lowercase string.
'Like \'show\' but quietly for \'show \'show\'.'.
'Execute `statement` with `statement` and `statement` as `where`
'Verify that the OAuth request is valid.
'Load the model'.
'Provides the hrm_vars for a user and HSV DCNL -
'Ensure that a role is absent.
'Returns True if string is a channel.'.
'Upload a template file and upload it to local disk.
'UPLINK RELEASE Section 9.1.21'.
'Perform any special HTML escaping.'.
'Creates a query to filter Documents based on FilterForm arguments'.
'.. deprecated:: 1.0 DCNL Use \'subnav\' to prevent a sub
'Commits changes.'.
'An `integer` should be `integer`.'.
'Extracts items and tags from a spider.'.
'split query(\'/path\') --> \'query\', \'path\',
'Ensure that named package includes a subpath of path_item (if needed)
'Combine multiple context managers into a single statement.
'Convert mcycles to seconds.'.
'Get the description for the hyperspeed speeds.'.
'Test installing from a file index'.
'Return the type corresponding to the network adapter type DCNL .
'Run unit tests.'.
'Resolve the auth profile to use.
'Sets the location list of diagnostics.
'Replace special characters with whitespace.'.
'Return the SHA-256 hash of the given message.'.
'Get a namespace object by id'.
'Collate an expression in collation.
'Filter a string to re-search'.
'Return whether the named plugin is enabled.
'Converts a timedelta object into floating-seconds.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_decimalnl(StringIO.String
'Recursively remove files below the given pattern.'.
'Return the regular expression pattern.'.
'Convert chunk to string. DCNL .
'Partitions a list into partition nodes.
'Retrieves the placeholders for a given extend node.
'Test page aliases.'.
'Removes an element from the tree, including its contents.
'Checks if the user needs to refresh fresh credentials.'.
'Return True if `address` is a valid IP address.
'Parse sizes of known kinds.
'Transform an object into a map of attribute attributes'.
'Move a storage file from storage path to storage.
'Load a PIL ImageFont object with default data.'.
'Parses a format string and returns a list of (key, value) pairs
'.
'Return the command-line arguments to use for scrapy crawling.'.
'Detects the unicode string in the UTF-8 encoding of UTF-8 encoded
'Get geometry output by connection.'.
'Get the value of a hash field DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert a string to a local path.
'Prints search and returns \'help\'.'.
'Test if pip installed'.
'Safe wrapper around max_abs().'.
'Setup the UVIF sensors.'.
'Get the version of the current version'.
'Convert a filename to a filename.'.
'Process a bitmap file into a dictionary.'.
'Test that system threads are returned.'.
'Recursively convert any XMLElements to paths.'.
'Helper function to verify if *obj* is a valid binary DCNL object.'.
'Sends a target to a target.
'Return histogram of nbins.'.
'check the password from option'.
'Create and return a TriplePass object'.
'Find network in the bridge.
'Draw the spectral graph in G.
'Pair a paired pair of seqs.
'Return a YAML dataset with training data.'.
'Prompts the user for a given key/value.
'Landing error handler for the given DB.'.
'Get vlm_media instance position by name or instance id. DCNL .
'Pretty print the dictionary \'params\' DCNL Parameters DCNL params : dict DCNL
'Skip function tests if lms'.
'Parse the autopart line'.
'Return a map of dicts'.
'Add a site to the context.'.
'Return the path to the sysv\'s path.
'Make sure that the current rate limit is active.'.
'Create a constant value from theano matrix.
'<text> -- Checks if the password is valid.'.
'Verify collection fail when collection errors are greater than maxfail.'.
'Preface and convert an svg text.'.
'Test negative distance'.
'Change an retention policy.
'Appends `string_` to the response.'.
'Returns a new property object.
'Get the content of a bucket and delete it in S3 bucket.
'Determine description of a given type.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Get the ip address of a slave DCNL .
'Return True if the repository_dependency_dependencies are expressed as a list DC
'Iterate over fields, returning a tuple.
'Remove admount of the device.'.
'sending message to hipchat v2 server'.
'Return the skew-wise axis of a skew.
'Add the end xml tag.'.
'A simple wrapper around a target.'.
'Remove quotes from text.'.
'Create a manifest containing all source files for a source.
'Prettify order line'.
'Get all groups belonging to a project.'.
'Checks if string is a valid canonical identifier.'.
'Turn all hosts into a user\'s hosts.'.
'Get the hyperbridge bridge name.
'Helper for _sort_key.'.
'If \'value\' is a default, turn it into a default format.
'Returns True if the request should be supported by the given request'.
'>>> test_reraise() DCNL >>> test_reraise() DCNL >>>
'Return a set of rules in the configuration file.
'Creates PostgreSQL database'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.
'Returns the number of commits in the deployment.
'Turn a version string into a tuple.
'Uses feed to litcher'.
'Initialize a Viewer for the given dataset.
'Concatenate multiple models into a string.
'Run the main loop.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL :type text: str'.
'Extract the package name from a filepath.'.
'Like parse_html, but returns a string with a comma-separated string DC
'Inserts the syncing of a list of models.
'Get information about the package.
'Comapsulates the \'n1\' prefix.'.
'Train an optimization model. DCNL Args: DCNL scharm: the
'Resizes the tab.'.
'Test whether a path exists.  Returns False for broken symbolic links'.
'Calculate additional variables for use by gyp.
'Return a set of all folders of snippet files.'.
'Return the aggregate meta data for each item in `items`.
'Accepts a list of strings as a list of sids.'.
'Get an attribute value from the given node.'.
'Return data for the specified snapshot.
'Given a session, return the number of unique session records.'.
'Write the string table to a string.'.
'Raise a new exception using the supplied parameters. DCNL .
'Django decorate a service.
'Returns a `500Error` with the `500 error.'.
'Test whether there is a ``ignore`` test using the ``ignore``.'.
'This function loads a glyph in a font.
'returns the first day of this date'.
'Import drivers.'.
'Converts v, e.g.
'Return ceil(n, b) without performing any floating-point ceil(
'Create an array with the specified rotation matrix.
'Check if a given package is available for upgrade DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Generates a commit message for the given suggestion.
'Send email.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as publicly accessible'.
'Return the datastore fields in the datastore.
'Calculate the rot matrix to rotate on p.'.
'Assert that set_variable_vector is correct, and the value of DCNL
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen DCNL The ``expr_form`` argument has been
'Returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering.'.
'Normal SimpleRST Table'.
'Convert a list to a string'.
'Returns a list of matching services'.
'Detects the executable paths in source_values.'.
'Create or update a set of image_properties for a given image DCNL :param
'Returns a list of dict entries from Bank entries.'.
'Returns all translatable messages in the given report.
'JSON-encoded version of urllib.quote.'.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for NT'.
'Convert a string to a date or datetime string.'.
'Get a repository.'.
'helper function to process a rule.
':rtype: list[str, str]'.
'Convert an IP address in text form into its binary representation. DCNL .
'Attempts to get width and height of a terminal.
'Convert batch to a sparse matrix.
'Cache local file locally.
'Return the URL to remove the question from question.'.
'Inject a Python function from PyOpenGL2 to PyOpenStack.
'Get remote url'.
'Determine if the pixel overlap between two points'.
'Extract an error message from a page: DCNL .
'Install a proxy for the given proxy.
'Returns True if the given variable has a ignore label.'.
'Get vlm_media instance name from instance id. DCNL .
'Initialize logging to a file.
'Is the marathon api responding?'.
'Returns a list of bypass proxies on the network service.
'Parse a string according to the Nate 8-bit date format'.
'Generate a new entry id for the given entry.
'Return beta metrics by name'.
'Test warning when Google Home Assistant compatibility with a warning.'.
'Decode a base64 encoded string.
'Return a random string'.
'Format a status response.
'This method instantiates and returns a base cipher object.
'Add xml from output.'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from the given iterable.'.
'Returns the environment variable.
'Returns the access key for this request.
'Get the currently active job id.
'Remove the directory if it exists.'.
'Returns True if user is visible'.
'Gets the list of authopes for the given services.
'Insert arbitrary characters in string DCNL >>> unordered_index([1, 2,
'Remove leading and trailing leading whitespace from lines.'.
'Checks if the given version is installed.
'Returns the name of an object.'.
'Return a random password string.'.
'Export a gcode linear move text.'.
'Create and return manifest instance from file.'.
'Convert text to HTML.
'toggle control button'.
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e.
'Handler for qute:query settings.'.
'Concatenate a sequence of 2D arrays.
'Initialize readline variables for the library if needed.
'Resizes the promo images.
'Helper function that returns True if ``actions`` is required.
'Submits a new draft registration to approve a registration.
'Send an email to the user\'s decision view.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Copies QueryOptions to params protobuf.
'Computes the angle between two rotation and rotation matrix.
'Display the user\'s username DCNL .
'Split a quoted string into triplets'.
'Send a packet at layer 3 in loop, and send packets at a time DCNL
'Aux function. DCNL :param dict_to_dict: The dictionary to
'Create a group.'.
'Loads all images in a given list of images.
'Utility function to generate a tab text string with the given depth.
'Create a recurring job with the given run_id.
'Helper to determine if the origin is at least one axis.'.
'Create or update volume type extra specs.
'Find all tests in a given directory.'.
'Adds the given time units to the duration.
'Initialize logging.'.
'contrast or restriction matrix for all corner pairs DCNL Parameters DCNL nm : n
'Extract the root device name from properties.
'Compute the signal filter of a signal from sosf-like signal.
'Returns tags.'.
'Test picking channels.'.
'yaml: ownership DCNL Set ownership in the ownership DCNL Requires the ownership of
'Get the leftmost complex point in the points.'.
'Create all metadata in the database.'.
'List all entities associated with a given qos_specs.
'Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime object.
'Check if a resource id exists.
'Installs GeoNode to geode'.
'Sets the logger class for a model instance.
'Index of highest value over a specified period'.
'>>> f(2, 4) DCNL [1, 2, 3, 3
'Returns a BeautifulSoup copy of the given URL.
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_eval`.'.
'Notify a new language.'.
'Compute the kernel of a correlation matrix.
'Creates a new backup.
'Called from the tests.'.
'Find a zone by name and return a zone object'.
'Cull a duplicate of a match.
'Open a resource by name/file.
'Run xls, export filepath'.
'Creates a pair of directories where the pair of the files located in the DCNL
'Primitive version of G.
'paste.deploy app factory for webserver apps.'.
'Temporarily silence the given sys.stdout.'.
'Test that the filtermax normalization works as expected'.
'Make sure delimiter between delimiter and delimiterables.'.
'Get the read-only data from the tool shed to retrieve the data for a repository
'Reads the cron_info file and returns a dict.'.
'Returns a list of gating content for the given course.
':param vault: The vault uri.
'Check if the user has specified permission on the group.
'Test that dnaphropy can be trained.'.
'Processes escape sequences.'.
'Parse the abundance file name into (PRIVATE).
'Prints information about a particular virtual machine.
'Parse a range header into an iterable.
'Returns the module and the name of a file.
'Creates a version for the uploaded file.'.
'Return a dict of available available Powershell modules.
'Compute the compression rate of a file.
'Add a new plugin to the translations.'.
'Returns the result of a successful result.
'Validates that the given protocol is valid, which should be DCNL present in the
'Require a SmartOS package to be uninstalled.
'Return numpy-type values for a given measure.
'Prints a Bokeh given Bokeh statements.
'Construct a date from a uuid using the given uuid.'.
'Create a DHCP DHCP OPTIONS record.
'Scan the keyword variables and look up all keyword variables.'.
'Converts a array to an array.
'Get the interior overhang degrees in degrees.'.
'A coroutine for performing the album lookup.
'When a page name is changed, set the title to the DCNL title of the
'Validate a request parameter.
'initialise module'.
'Returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in \'a\' and \'b\''.
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Yields tuples of all model names.'.
'Determine the image type to use'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Checks if the given device exists.
'Test marker images.'.
'>> get_passwd <string> DCNL Get the user\'s password from
'Helper to define a delimited list'.
'Get all test cases for a module.
'Get all PCI devices for the instance uuid.'.
'e_{6}'.
'Generate a jid'.
'If the path is in set of files, call rm -r if the file is
'Return the QApplication instance.'.
'Implements the dev_memcache module with the given device.
'Return the server version.
'Open a connection to the database.
'Returns the doc string from command_map DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a key whose value is descending.
'Determine if the given file is an interactive interpreter.'.
'Convert RGB to RGB list'.
'Check if a transaction id exists'.
'Returns the agent checks on the local node.
'Add an EMR device to a new one.
'Convert an image into a network input.
'Save profiling information (if available)'.
'Return the unicode representation of a unicode string.'.
'Helper: get a datetime.date object given a format string and a year,
'Returns the longest id in seqs.
'>>> import sys DCNL >>> g = yield_in() DCNL >>> sys.
'Add sparse endpoints from a segment.'.
'Simplify the parser tree.
'Turn a version string into a tuple of major/version.
'Change the group of a file DCNL path DCNL file or path to the user
'Determine if we should wait for managed cloud automation before DCNL running.
'Build a list of help strings for a command.
'Gets consumer object from request.'.
'Chompresses the given version string from a parsed version.
'Validate the provided hostname'.
'Get current movie time. DCNL .
'Transforms a simple version string to a simple python version.
'Convert an integer to an IPv4 address.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a
'Connect to the given host.
'Return the float value of a NumPy number.
'Execute a cross-sequence crossover on the cross-platform DCNL :term
'Low-level implementation of a binary tensor.
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'port
'Convenience function for generating code generated by DCNL `template`.
'Return data from the ECDI record, or None.
'>>> raise_exc() DCNL 3.0 DCNL 3.0 DCNL
'Compute mne loc.'.
'Return a tuple (locale, absolute path) for all locale directories.
'Get the network adapter name.'.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Return the minifier value for JS.'.
'Remove a security group from a server.'.
'Return the tooltip for the given node.
'400 error handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`html` DCNL
'Validates an xml file against a given filename.'.
'Test scenario description for a scenario filename'.
'See statsmodels.RegressionResults'.
'Group users by sending email.
'Basic helper function for basic debugging.'.
'Log a message at the level of the message.
'Status add'.
'Decompose a timestamp from the asset_id.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Sends an email to the consumers of a consumer.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List service certificates associated with the
'Replace special characters ``&`` with ``&`` and ``\''.
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the
'Normalize a polynomial so that it can be a floating point.
'<url> -- Returns <custom_url>.'.
'Removes the compiled App Engine app if it does not exist.'.
'Returns the long description for this test.'.
'Single transaction page'.
'Get a backup mode.
'Returns logger used by multiprocessing'.
'Returns the web url for a given view name.
'Select a primitive polynomial in ``GF(x)``.'.
'Replace :func:`gevent` and :class:`gevent.
'Check if ELX is supported on this platform.'.
'yank the nth argument (nth)'.
'unescape special characters (e.g.
'Return language-code supported language code.
'Get the arounds from the paths.'.
'Removes temporary files needed for images.
'Returns a list of supported language code.
'testlist : testlist DCNL | testlist'.
'Partially join a channel.
'Make sure that size of bytes can be allocated.'.
'Runs a newsnzb command.'.
'.
'Write messages to a list of dictionaries.'.
'Unlink the identity specified by the user.
'For a given target, chmod all the permissions of a file.
'Make sure the file is readable.'.
'Validate a commit message.'.
'Return True if given Distribution is installed in user site.'.
'Waits for a volume to be changed.
'A decorator that defines __unicode__ and __str__ methods under Python 2
'Transpose an array of matrices.
'Convert hexadecimal color to string'.
'Formats a date as the time until that date (i.e.
'.
'Serialize Python objects to JSON.
'Get all instance uuids for a given host.'.
'Delete a document if it exists.'.
'Returns a list of all apps'.
'Given a packet ID, try to determine the RID of the packet.
'Parse a sentence of sentences into a list of sentences.
'Determine if Python interpreter is running.
'Extract the Jenkins job info from a Jenkins job.
'Generate a unique filename for uploading an announcement file.'.
'Returns True if given stream is valid TSV.'.
'add_grad_ summary for all gradients.
'Parses the credentials and sets the appropriate credentials.'.
'Log a message at ``DEBUG`` level'.
'Validate that the value is a valid integer.'.
'Appends `string` to the web request.'.
'Returns a dict with language codes.
'Convert a Python value to a JavaScript value.'.
'Extract comma-separated list from string.'.
'Read pcap data from a pcap file DCNL .
'returns a copy with the missing values DCNL Parameters DCNL y : nd
'Check the state of a config file DCNL .
'Block a user'.
'Test the fit sample routine with the same decision tree'.
'Create virtual interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Save a file to the clipboard'.
'Return a specific group type.
'Converts a UUID to a string.
'Notify daily reviews.'.
'Enable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parses a protoc plugin'.
'Assert that a copy of a table does not sub-copy.
'Generator to read in order from `source` DCNL Parameters DCNL G :
'Get node name from hostname.'.
'Perform any kubernet update'.
'Locate a file with the given path.
'Tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Password reset message'.
'Try to find the library in the current library.'.
'Generator that yields the first function of the function called by the DCNL function which
'Test grid of grid classifier works'.
'Asserts that \'==\' with \'second\''.
'Create a QPainterPath from the `path`.
'Concatenate tensors into a tensor.
'Set font configuration for given font'.
'Returns a list of all instance faults for the given instance_uuid.'.
'Get the breadcrumbs from a path'.
'Make sure that a bug URL has a bug in a bug.'.
'Run command and return its output.
'Returns context data for Zendesk backend.
'Rebuild the code of a given TypeError.'.
'Returns a tuple of the const_index and its constant value.
'Return a lock file or None if it doesn\'t exist yet.
'Retrieve all provided hosts from the provided roles and merge them into one.'.
'When given a single existing key, require() aborts'.
'Get number rounded to a number.'.
'Perform a browser to click an element.
'Retrieves the xunit function from class.'.
'Read config file and save it to `path`.
'Given a list of ASEM source data and an array, return a list of DC
'Resume an instance DCNL ID of the instance DCNL ID of the instance to
'Truncates HTML after a certain number of words.
'Return a dict containing information about procs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Checks that the expr has been rewritten using f(-x) == f(x
'Ensures that GCS_Dir is present as a valid GCS directory.'
'A tooltips'.
'Convert dtype to a floating point type.
'Check for app versions of the app.
'Return GECOS field info'.
'Gets the paths from the items in the given index.
'N334 - Use assertEqual() instead.'.
'Returns a list of files used in the root directory tree.
'Get a driver instance by name.
'Get the name of a function.'.
'Execute a cache object from the given cache object.'.
'Return the vnc lease lease for a network device'.
'Set the attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Returns a list of minibatches for minibatches.'.
'Test that `use_tabs` works.'.
'Load object from a path.
'Expands the given axis into a np.shape.
'Returns True if two tensors are equal.
'Takes a list of issues and returns a dict DCNL :param list: list
'Returns the encoding of the file system for the filesystem.
'Returns a beta log form page.
'Returns a list with all the installed system defaults.
'Get mac address from interface'.
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Generate a dataset using the old name of the number_items() function'.
'Convert the xml element to a group xml element.'.
'Create a new bar chart with the given size.
'Reshapes a row to a 1d array.
'A pre-run code hook to be run by default.'.
'Test that BatchNormalizedMLP performs a BatchNormalizedMLScale.'
'Embed an album from an AlbumInfo object.
'Execute a single system DCNL .
'Raise `frappe.Random` if data is different than `max`
'Tests retrieving an object via the API.'.
'Strips all HTML characters in an HTML document.
'Return the S3 mode of the given mode.'.
'Calculates the sum of unique values.
'Convert the xml element to a xml element.'.
'Disallow existing loggers from existing loggers.
'Get a set of hardware info.
'Compute the function of the linear fit function.'.
'Traverse the given module.
'Verifies that the command output contains no text.
'Convenience function to map all requests of the given requests.
'Create a new flavor from the values dictionary.'.
'Parse command line options.
'create lcp_list(t_str, t_str) -> list of
'Get the current time zone offset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Make a polar plot.
'Return an xml document object from a response.'.
'Setup logging.'.
'Test whether n is a tuple'.
'Wrapper for :py:meth:`approximate_step_from
'Return the path to a resource in a virtualenv DCNL .
'This is a dummy object that returns an DCNL object which will be used as an
'Remove a user from the document.'.
'Add a trailing slash to the given request.
'Return a list of package names that contain a package.
'Accepts a YAML object and parses it as a file.
'Manage the project for a project'.
'Bottom a gcode linear move file.'.
'Check tool shed database for all tools'.
'Send a message to the remote device.
'Trigger a Downloader'.
'Extract text text from all images in the file.'.
'Check if a given requirement is available.
'Updates the session with the selected language'.
'Setup the Demo Camera.'.
'Returns a valid slug.'.
'Alternative implementation of download_fail.'.
'Given a threshold value and a threshold value, create a threshold.
'Return the loader data from all returners'.
'.
'Test the learning function'.
'Test yaml.'.
'Get current working directory.'.
'Add simplified path to fill.'.
'Send an event pagerp to a list of events.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL :r
'Normalize the text'.
'Given an annotation name and a list of tuples for each task.
'Get all available categories'.
'Converts an ip address to binary string.
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL _allocated_
'Searches for a list of ports.
'Return full pathname of Makefile.'.
'expression : expression PLUS expression DCNL | expression MINUS expression DCNL | expression TIM
'Calculate total IO times.
'Get the root directory of a path.'.
'Enable a Jenkins job is enabled.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Translates text into the stylesheet'.
'Login handler for crypto.
'Calculate the total part of a block.
'Combines two dictionaries into a single key.
'Convert a timedelta to days.
'Serialize Python data into JSON serialization.'.
'Factory for creating a plugin from the given identifier.'.
'Sum of two published objects.
'returns pathname(s) -> str DCNL Find the base name of the
'Retrieve a tenant by name'.
'Dumps a file.
'Returns a dict of constant matrices.
'Return the partition of a value'.
'<string> -- Encode <string> with base64.'.
'test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Yields `num_name` and `num_names` in the given
'Installs SSH keys on a system'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Run the app on the appdata server.
'Read pillar data'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Disable password on login.'.
'Loads the bucket\'s metadata from a bucket.'.
'Create a test image with the given shape.'.
'Apply a test on the grid.'.
'A function to list a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return current git repository.'.
'Hop a gcode linear move text.'.
'Execute a watch function.
'Helper function for pretty-print a given FrameRelation.
'Create a download pipeline for the given data.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Return a server instance from a service group'.
'Return a list of notes for this user_id.
'Return the names of all arguments in a function\'s arguments.
'Prints the standard error message to stderr.'.
'Add the text into the buffer.
'A simple view that ignores JSON errors.
'Get the circle intersections loops.'.
'Write a start_block_type.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Restores the state of the warnings module.'.
'>>> replace_absolute_url(\'a/b/path\') DCNL
'Return the color name for a given RGB color type'.
'Test adding a path to a duplicate file using pathlib.'.
'Gets the current runlevel'.
'Private function used to check the feature indices.'.
'Set environment variable \'key\''.
'Returns an error object.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'helper function for Butterworth filter.
'Opens a kernel file and returns a kernel object'.
'Test create a new wx text source.'.
'Return netstat routing information'.
'Create __init__ file in parent directory.
'Only load if Sift is installed'.
'When installing extra exta is needed'.
'Returns the output of the perceptron model.
'Probability function for the probability distribution DCNL x: input (std) DC
'Checks for the current client version.'.
'Simplified wrapper around the release.
'Like doctest_expression.
'Return the bull graph.'.
'Run a test on a distributed server.'.
'Decode a string encoded with standard Base64 alphabet.
'Sanitize a filename.
'Concatenates a range of ranges into one.
'Make pprint for the given object.'.
'Returns a tuple, (season, scene_number) with the TVDB numbering for
'Initialize the zone table.'.
'Sanitize a URL.
'Process graph listing'.
'Get arguments from a function\'s docstring.
'Vectorized version of stats.dirichlet.'.
'Return a data URL. DCNL .
'Update the summary for a collection.
'Create a parameter. DCNL Parameters DCNL value : the size of the given parameter
'Determines if the current event file is currently being run.
'Test rendering MRI of mb.'.
'.
'Renders the storage table details.'.
'Resets the locale to the default locale.
'Returns True if the character is printable, False otherwise.'.
'Get the machine name for this machine.
'Tests to ensure the exception type correctly converts to an exception'.
'Check if a segment has a corresponding segment.
'Test that statsd is not running'.
'Yield successive chunks from sequence.'.
'Logs a stack trace and prints the current thread.'.
'Combine list of games into one player sequence.
'Imports and returns a class object from a string path.'.
'A deferred version of getattr.
'Return the credentials for the given host, using the queryset DCNL CLI Example
'Converts URLs into clickable links, truncating URLs to the given character DCNL
'Test conversion of array coordinates to coordinates.'.
'function to return the list of questions for the given DCNL complete course. DCNL
'wrap the given index value so that it is negative to 0'.
'Module Home Page'.
'return true if the file ends with a given string'.
'Helper function to get a ssh key'.
'Ensures that the argument passed to the command line argument.
'Enable a service.
'Determines the path to the management module for the given app_name, DC
'Check for user tags'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the longest name of the feature'.
'Returns a list with roles which have roles for given permission.'.
'Get the likes of an object.
'Returns a list of (symbol) symbols from the given hexadecimal code
'Return the Locale locale for the given category.
'Check that integer kde and integer values are passed as integer.'.
'Quotes a URL for use in a URL.
'Render a template file using the salt module and grains'.
'Extract tiles from a list of layers.
'Returns a dictionary of user\'s favorite info for queryset.
'Fill a file with a new name.
'Sets up the Web Browser.
'Test whether a pathname is a subdirectory.
'Get the raw data for the key.
'Retrieves the rights for the given collection id.
'Find the root resource at a given resource.'.
'Get geometry output from paths.'.
'Return the inverse permutation of the matrix p.
'Computes the moving average for all losses.
'Helper function to clone an el4b4 element.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Returns a 2-tuple: (client, server, port) pair DCNL
'Convert the Journal to a PEM format.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Sample text from bot'.
'Set the indicator for a column.
'Removes a app from the app'.
'Returns a json status dict describing a task.
'Replaces vc\'s quotes with special characters.'.
'Turn interactive mode off.'.
'Given a string value, return a list of whitespace values.
'Test sparse training.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Normalize AWS facts'.
'Join segment tables.'.
'Test to ensure that fill_name is not in the exclude_ignore'.
'Write bytes to file descriptor *buf*.'.
'Test plotting Epochs.'.
'Return a group\'s revisions. DCNL :param id: the name or id
'convert central moments to mean.
'Finds and returns episodes in a season NZB file DCNL :param name:
'Convert the list of strings in \'path\' to a list of compatible paths'.
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session'.
'pickles a string to pickle'.
'Build a dict whose arguments are passed as kwargs.
'Wrapper around ``in_out_out_optimization`` in the DCNL
'Retrieves block device mapping from AMI'.
'Merge a dict app config into another.
'Delete the joinables \'joinables\' tables.
'Set decoded audio events.
'Given a descendant of BuildAddresses, return a PathGlobs object that match DC
'Returns the server type corresponding to a server\'s server.'.
'Generate fingerprint for hg.
'Test if an object is an int.'.
'Return the Linear Operator Operator.
'Return an epoch-aware date.'.
'Check that the `tkinterpol` package is not installed.'.
'Suspend a connection to duration'.
'Check if ImageIO libraries exist.'.
'Returns the endpoint to use for signing app.
'Return True if in a string is empty or empty'.
'Filters a report'.
'Accepts a listener and waits until it has all connections.
'Writes a corrected mapping file into output filename'.
'Read a text file and return the contents'.
'Remove Mistral configuration errors from the given .
'Show the version of the device.
'Authenticate with a given credentials.
'Return a utc datetime.datetime.datetime object that can DCNL
'Return a list of urls and title matching the given URLs.
'Return a symbolic row variable.
'Create forwarding rule for private ip.'.
'Format a media URL.'.
'Test that float range is valid.'.
'expr : MINUS expr'.
'Get the state for a step.
'Returns the URL for a slug.'.
'Return hardware_events information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Redirect to asset/create'.
'Runs the given command in a given directory.
'Save NZB to disk DCNL .
'Disassociate all instances of a host with a timeout.
'need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes DCNL in rgenetics
'Fetch an object from the specified item.'.
'Generates a key signature using the public key.
'Return rgb color of the given name and home page color'.
'Checks to see if the response has a given header name in its Vary header
'Get the template directory path.'.
'Function to run times.
'Set certificate key for site'.
'Context manager for temporary locale.
'Wrapper around python iterable.
'Test that an element can be created with a repos.'.
'Computes the accuracy of the exact number of hits.
'Return a list of socket files.'.
'Load a yaml file DCNL Parameters DCNL fname : string DCNL f
'Returns the string representation of an IP version.'.
'Require the ``deb`` command-line tool.
'Flatten a list of uri objects into a single string.'.
'Flush the database in db DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Pulls a list of rendered renderer requirements, each item in the form DCNL
'Split the sentence at semicolons.
'Resource Header'.
'Return the path to the installer.
'Return ``True`` in ``K[X]``.
'Builds all losses for a CIFAR model.
':type path: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
'A view that redirects to the authenticated user'.
'Return a list of form fields'.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Ensure that prf fetch is present on the pull request.
'Convert an Instance to a string representation.
'Installs a Bokeh backend.
'Compute SVD of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Make a grid from a NumPy array.
'Add base log times for logarithmic.'.
'Converts a URL to double-encoding.'.
'Parses a string that contains comments and comments.
'Provided for backwards compatibility.
'.
'Create a document in an index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt myminion
'Returns a unique slug for a given queryset.
'Reverse Document permissions.'.
'Get the target extension for the target.'.
'Creates a context dictionary for the given user.'.
'Ensure that an image is raised by the correct error.'.
'Return the zip file, or None if it is not a zip file, or not
'Check if pip is installed correctly'.
'Determine if all the words are equal.
'Load all modules in the given package.
'Decide whether or not to show certificates should be show.
'Set the environment variable for the PATH path'.
'Updates a user dict with the specified value.
'Updates a config dictionary.
'Construct a new protobuf request for instance.
'Return the directive format for the given module.
'Returns the filename of the current file.
'Pass in arguments to list of units'.
'Helper function for parallelization'.
'Same as a <<= b.'.
'Make sure that the figure preserves height settings'.
'Returns true if the string is a multi-line.'.
'Test print_monitor_cv.'.
'Handle a Studio user action.
'Returns given bytes as prettified string'.
'Formats the value according to the locale settings.'.
'Test classification report with string label'.
'Remove generated files.'.
'Notifies if tp is different.
'Create a dictionary of author ids to document'.
'Deletes a resource class.
'Read the PSEA region and return the SSEA DCNL Parameters DCNL pname
'Insert a host record in the database.
'The autoencoder is the output of the autoencoder DCNL Parameters
'Ensure pagerduty schedule is absent.
'Install and install Python from pyzmq command.'.
'Checks that \'second\''.
'Test the evaluation report'.
'Issue: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/39
'Test whether irreducible polynomials in ``K[X]``
'Returns the timeout setting for the specified range.'.
'Parses aFF file and returns a FASTQ formatted number with DCNL
'returns a 10 with random 1'.
'.
'Encode to Unicode.'.
'Get the initial data from a Form instance.
'Displays the checkout form for the login form.
'Escapes special characters.
'Converts a slice argument to a set of types.
'Processes a show version string.'.
'Checks that channels change between two channels.'.
'Wait for a Linode node to appear.
'Creates user and profile information.
'Creates a client for cloud load balancers.
'expand_exp(32)'.
'Given a file or an integer, return the number of the file.
'Apply the constraints of the blockviz vector.'.
'Convenience wrapper for saving a StingsString to the SST server.'
'Get the hosting service by name.
'Replace \'x\' with \'host_addr\' with \'host_addr\'
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings.'.
'Returns a dictionary of environment proxies.
'A context manager that changes the working directory to CWD.'.
'Returns the logging level for a given runlevel'.
'Setup the Netatmo platform.'.
'Parses a handle containing a GenePop file.
'Require a PostgreSQL server to be installed.
'Use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents.'.
'Return key kind.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Truncate blank lines.'.
'Initialize the database.'.
'Test to ensure that a template ignores an error.
'A helper for backward compatibility.
'Convert uncaught exceptions to MongoDB error.'.
'Returns a list of video videos.'.
'statement : NAME'.
'Hex encodes characters for use in JavaScript strings.'.
'Log all the tasks and log them out of a task.
'Parse the results of a multi-dimensional results file DCNL Returns a list of
'Returns a single selection object.
'Returns the reference matrix (p, q) for p.
'Set up API stub to use with remote databases.
'Get the list of variables in a given scope.
'Check for indentation level.
'Convert a raw XML to a string.
'Remove all file filenames attached to the descriptor.
'Feature ignores no feature'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws
'Get all MFA devices for a user.
'Lists documents with tags.'.
'Encoder using SHA512'.
'Update top contributors with top contributors.
'Same as a = b.'.
'Return the list of filenames that exclude the excluded file.
'Cross compatibility between two arrays'.
'Write the conditional formatting for worksheet'.
'Change the work Phone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary DCNL :param fix_
'Return a context manager that will be used by the caller\'s signal handler.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Return a symbolic column variable.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return true if the key is
'convert a value < 1000 to Dutch'.
'Return the path to an ember app.
'Validates configurations for lms, if not already present'.
'Unregister a hosting service.
'Decorator to mark a login function as login.
'Application which monitors the application.
'Get the section for the given course_key.
'Return a list of directories whose match object in *name*.
'Get character size for a string'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .. code-block:: bash
'It should download a VCS link from a virtual path.'.
'Utility function to convert the Sina data into a list of 2-element DCNL
'Creates a new environment and sets the scripts.
'The main function.  Instantiates the module and calls process_request. DC
'Linear Regression'.
'Centers the center of a list of dimensions.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Build a graph from a cursor.
'Builds the operations needed to create a new AdGroup.
'Check the QDataStreams.'.
'Compare two numpy arrays.
'Looks up recursively for a drum_group device in the track.'.
'Get the absolute path to a dev in /dev/dev/.
'Prepare environment variables to be used as an environment.'.
'Reduce the precision of a ElementTree by checking if the element has length, DC
'Renders the purchase form as HTML.
'Returns subcommand'.
'Account edit'.
'Get the id and id of an object.
'Return a list of supported extractors.
'Find the value for the given resource.'.
'Return a file descriptor from a file object.
'Calculates the order of a symmetric polynomial (p, m)
'Display the default application action.'.
'Handle namespaces defined in the \'config\' namespace'.
'Compute data in memory if it is small enough to be used.
'Prints error logging.'.
'Parses the first line of the input line.
'Returns a copy of all concatenation.'.
'Returns the time since a given timestamp.
'Parses a string into a HTML tag.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
':type args: SanityConfig'.
'Sets the creation order for the creation method.
'Prepare an array that can be used to prepare filtering.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Helper function for _normalization.'.
'KEGG output for a source db.
'Return a redis server object'.
'Get all available regions for the VPC service.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL variable
'Get a sorted list of files.
'Gets the resource limits from the logging context.'.
'Replace STRING/VARIABLES variable names in string.
'Determine if the given Content-Required consent requirement is required.
'Initialize multiprocessing processes using multiprocessing.'.
'Tests that Django\'s content can be used with Django\'s settings'.
'Sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Idle-default value for the input arguments.
'Invalidates the edges for the given node.
'Return the symbol used by the locale as a string.
'Check if the property value is valid.
'Convert a Python arguments into a nested list of positional arguments.
'Decorator to mark doctests as doctests.'.
'Return a registered writer class.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid unary operator'.
'Test that two sets of sets'.
'Recursively combine test cases.'.
'Bootstrap a unix container'.
'Return True if path is a directory, False otherwise.
'Views the given `path` and returns the HTML page.'.
'Fixture providing a temporary directory.'.
'Evaluate whether `filter` matches the document.
'Searches for a new title'.
'Reserve vlanid'.
'Notifications about new translation.'.
'Retrieve field list for a given table'.
'Only load if gpg is installed'.
'Test precision against F2score'.
'Evaluates the error function of an error.
'Clean up the random sub-process.
'Return the connections associated with the kind of kind.
'Generate a schedule URL.
'Returns a hash key for each arg'.
'Determine if a keyword expression matches the keyword argument.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test plotting source estimate of raw source data.'.
'Register a new :class:`~app.command.Event`.'.
'Reload systemctl command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Compute a strict clades.
'Variant of the gaussWave problem.'.
'Inspect the gcode files and return a single gcode file.
'Given a data chunk, return a descriptive string.'.
'Roberts\' filter on a diagonal edge should be a diagonal line.'.
'Reverse dataframe into a dask.
'Renders the login view'.
'Ensure that unicode strings are properly installed.'.
'Convenience function for redirecting the given URL to redirects.'.
'Check for inequality test'.
'Notifies the given user.
'Display a schema version'.
'Receives the Suggestion for the given thread.'.
'Determine if two block-objects are equal.
'Generic correlation test function'.
'lon-neck'.
'Extract the unhandled types of arg, if it is not a list DCNL
'Indent a sequence of information based on the information bank.'.
'Return the list of job ids based on the job ids DCNL CLI Example
'Build a WSGI request for a given URI.
'Check if a given name exists DCNL :param name: The name of the check
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Formats a dictionary to a (state, state_dict) tuple'.
'Check if user has permission on project.'.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL A warning-
'.
'Transforms an image to palette.
'Returns a collection summary domain object for the given ID.
'Return the hierarchical clustering of the data set.
'A non-existent alternative with a list of options in order.
'Get the test module.'.
'Test to ensure that hug\'s booleans type correctly'.
'Replaces extra whitespace in text with `s`.
'Normalize an iterable over the given iterables.'.
'Get the GitHub API URL from an web URL.
'Download all the files in S3 and return it.'.
'Return the width of a tile by coordinate.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Recursively remove a directory tree.
'Format a time diff between two datetime objects.
'Return the line number of text within a string, counting newlines as line separators
'Given a class path, return a class object from a module path.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Read a string and read whitespace from a string.'.
'Migrates objects labels for an object.'.
'Sets the logger class for a model instance.
'Updates the version number in a file.
'Rewrite a file'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Generate a test suite for testing.'.
'Handle sfilt filtfilt.'.
'Encodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Load a movie from a file.
'Returns a list of URL patterns for the given prefix.
'Convert an enum to an index.
'Convert a NumPy array into a VAR array.
'Return the health check value for a fresh health check.
'Calculate the size of a given ndim.'.
'Main function for the DataFeeds.'.
'.
'Return *True* if all elements of *seq* equal.
'Tests whether a namespace is allowed to be used in the user'.
'Wrapper for shell command.'.
'Get the last change of the account for the specified name DCNL :param str name
'Returns no separator as a number.'.
'Returns True/False boolean depending on whether or not.'.
'Print information about available plugin classes.
'Resolve a NumMap object based on its base-map.'.
'Returns the module'.
'Parses a mime-type and returns a tuple of the DCNL (
'Clean up the filesystem for the given backend'.
'Process the received radio messages.'.
'check to make sure switch_orientation works properly'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'RELEASE Section 9.3.1.16'.
'Check to see if a policy exists.
'Detects that the file paths are referenced in a page'.
'Test reading config file.'.
'Upload public URL.'.
'Assign permissions to the given resource.'.
'Set the log format for this server.
'Grant access to shared folders in other users.
'Return True if the label can be accessible.
'Called when the data source is down.
'Make a request and return the data.'.
'Return the amount of cpus for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Add a notification driver.
'Return a relative version of the given path'.
'Set up database databases.
'Controller to generate csv file for period info.'.
'initialise module'.
'Start the stub for the service.
'Monkey-patch the extension in the application.
'Finds a substring in the pattern.
'Takes a list of records and returns the output'.
'Extracts the events from a book.
'Apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Update a cygwin system.
'Test either if an error is raised when a column is converted to DCNL columns (
'Only load the module if qemu-img is installed'.
'Add a trailing slash to a new string.'.
'Gets the size of a file, according to the current position.
'Creates a SSLContext object'.
'Delete a blobstore file.
'initialise module'.
'Validate that the given value is a valid user name.
'field_type : ID'.
'Sets the value of an attribute to the given instance.
'Return the image object to use'.
'fab -H username.
'Yield successive chunks from list into n rows.
'Return dict of GeoServer URLs that are configured to be used.'.
'Return version of pip set DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Formats a datetime'.
'Validate the email.'.
'Handler for :meth:`API.get_output`'.
'Checks if the given vlan_id exists.
'Get the environment dictionary.'.
'Stop the touch app'.
'Replaces the given string with the given regex.
'Check that replay_load_name is a valid template for testing.'.
'Test mickt client.'.
'Represent a project status string'.
'Check if the bucket name is dns_name in lowercase.'.
'Make sure that colors are iterable'.
'Finalize a signal to the final layer.'.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Returns a text HTML page.'.
'Parses a directory and returns the path'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNLCleanup updates the lock on
'Implement the internal helper with the given thread and pooler.
'Get vector3 by float list.'.
'Tests whether the radius of the largest data set of the largest DCNL radius,
'build a single git line'.
'Returns a string converted to a floating point string'.
'Count elements in an iterable with the corresponding elements and DCNL mapping.
'Runs commands on master nodes.
'Get all the lines of text.'.
'Determine if the point is intersecting point along the path.'.
'Return the count of the search query DCNL .
'Returns dataset from CSV stream.'.
'Read GPI 1.0 format files (PRIVATE).
'Return the name of the possible ``name`` field.
'Partition a count of buckets DCNL Args: DCNL counts: the n
'list-available - list name of available spiders'.
'Search labels and return a dict with labels.
'yaml: command-line DCNL Set parameters.
'Parse the vcpu set.
'This view is used to edit the snippet app.
'Update a worker for a given worker.
'Returns list of strings as a list.
'Find a rescue exception.'.
'Returns the set of installed apps'.
'Removes any values that are Naive.
'Displays whether or not the scheduled schedule is enabled.
'Show the interfaces of an interface.
'Return information about the database.
'Checks to see if the file exists.
'Plot legend for a legend.'.
'Set the integer value of an integer setting.
'Load a GitHub repo.
'Prints the app alias for the current app.'.
'Converts a new failure dict into a new exception.
'Calculate checksum on a given IPv4 host.'.
'Make a memoryview from the given size.'.
'.
'Simplify the coefficient of function `free` and `free`'.
'Convert a host to the leasefile lease file.'.
'Reset the repo status.'.
'Compute contrast loss for classification.
'This function will try to guess the username to use for sauce labs'.
'Initialize the formula.
'Gets the URL for the given response.
'Checks the matches for matching matchers.'.
'Return a URL replace with the given prefix.
'Resolve a value to a Python value.
'Takes a dictionary representation of an object and converts it to a DCNL dictionary of
'Set whether or not the remote login on the remote server.
'Returns a boolean of the password against the provided username and password.
'Returns a list of used LUN IDs that are not used.'.
'Runs a YAML plugin.
'Search for a wid and return the id for a word.'.
'A context manager that yields a Secret model.
'expression : LPAREN expression RPAREN'.
'copies the specified template directory to the copy_to location'.
'A `Field` node must be `field`.'.
'Log a complete Future and log it with the given exception.'.
'Returns the list of kwargs that are passed in.
'START DTMF Section 9.3.30'.
'Simple benchmark function'.
'Returns the Twisted API class.
'Bivariate copula'.
'Prepare to pre-completion.'.
'Translate a table into a column name.
'Enable logging.'.
'Returns True if the course is a small enough course.
'Return information about a package.
'Loads all modules and imports.
'Dumps the schema to the specified server'.
'Create all files required for version of project'.
'Return a PEM representation of the public key.
'Converts a list of lists to a NumPy array.
'Helper function to set IP'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Returns a list of subplots of the selected figures.
'Attach a json entity to each object of the queryset.
'Wrapper for zfs_command_error() DCNL Args: DCNL
'Encode an integer into a string.
'Makes boolean value and returns a boolean value.
'Get the name of a service.
'Runs the test suite.'.
'Unpack an endpoint into a string of arguments.
'Import the seit configuration file and parse it into the SITEST.
'Add attributes to an SQS queue.
'Return the date for a CCX based on a module node.
'Get the fundamental geometry directory path.'.
'Modify an existing virtual.
'Render a field with the specified label and label, fields, and the DCNL label
'Shuffle a list of arrays.
'>>> x = test_in_in() DCNL >>> list(3) DC
'Clear the cache.'.
'Apply a locale to the environment variable.'.
'Split a null string into one null string.
'Execute command in a subprocess.
'Returns a dict containing all files in the given coverage'.
'Cast a value to a positive integer.'.
'Print the given input value.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no steps'.
'Return all metrics'.
'Mangle mako loop'.
'_build_exp_matrix_matrix_freq_mat(e
'Translates content into the doctree object.
'Return the current project data dir.
'Check if shop wizard is available.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return the error message with the
'Computes the Hamard product of a matrix.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Update a comment. DCNL POST: The comment to update a comment. DCNL
'Generate responses for a response object.
'Convert ip to rsync.
'Parses the workflow and returns a list of nodes.
'Start the container.'.
'Look up the instance by the given name.
'Find the Tk directory and Tk directory.
'Setup the Green bridge.'.
'Takes a list of input_rowers and yields each element of the DCNL
'Given a folder, return os_stat, os_stat and os_fs stats
'Decides whether or not the URL matches the given filter type.
'Pulls all RT18n from the API.'.
'Get a row from grid.
'Convert a key to BSON document.'.
'Test that all comments are written as a table, and writing the DCNL comments to
'Convert an ImageError to an ImageError.
'A decorator that takes a class and returns it as a class.'.
'Make a file or directory if it does not exist.
'Get the precision.'.
'Remove empty lines from text'.
'Remove the named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Sets the preferred time zone, or set the current timezone DCNL to the
'Decode a channel-specific channel.
'Return a configuration value for the given key'.
'Get the namespaces and xmlappings'.
'Display a gcode file with statistics.'.
'Check that Reference is a valid reference.
'Helper function to create an xml element'.
'Given a user, update a policy for a user.
'This function is deprecated.'.
'Hop a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Gets module name from a filename.'.
'Find out what items are documented in the given package.
'.
'Determine if the loop is crossing inside the x segment.'.
'Fake distutils.getplatform()'.
'Detach a zpool from a zpool.
'Sets the user mask for the channel.
'Add the build directory to sys.path for this platform'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a container associated with the
'Test for reproducible PDF output'.
'List permissions for a vhost.
'Create a random slice of the given query.
'Create and return a channel-like object for the given channel.'.
'Signal a error message with an error dialog'.
'Checks to see if a path is executable.
'Handle the plugins required.'.
'Setup the GPS sensor.'.
'Removes audio from a file.'.
'Sanitize the error_error dict, returning a copy of DCNL .
'Translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression.
'Gets the members of a team with the specified team_name.
'Install the params module.
'Field delete'.
'Remove version from the URL.
'Unpack `code` into `code` dictionary.'.
'Test a fancy function that checks to make sure the correct orientation'.
'Linear pattern. DCNL It returns the linear occurrence of the first n. DC
'Test CSP Components'.
'Return True if a and b are equal.
'Reads the contents of a file, returns a dictionary containing line separator DCNL
'Update the supported locales'.
'Get list of CAP Alerts DCNL .
'Close the root window and quit'.
'Interpolate a cache slug.
'Test __getrepr__ method.'.
'Extract name from a file.'.
'Index page: displays all Liatable models'.
'Imports should be considered separate lines.'.
'Create and return the VersioneerConfig() object.'.
'Pause the containers in the docker-compose file.
'Runs the filtered list of files.
'Determine disk image type for given image meta.
'Helper method to get a relationship in a relationship.
'Generate a link to a static document'.
'Returns the output filename for the given dataset_name.'.
'Inserts a new record for the given values.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Runs the load balancer in a socket.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``repeat`` DCNL
'Returns the relative path of a given absolute path.
'Helper function to gettripped_dist_distances(p, p) for
'Deletes the appars contained in the application directory'.
'Update translation catalogs'.
'Extract an exponent from a string.'.
'Update brew database'.
'Return precession matrix from Epoch Algorithm.
'Evaluate a piecewise polynomial p coefficients.'.
'Test that opening pipe descriptors'.
'Gets the primary server name from the database.
'Do the actual update.'.
'Parse the grader from a subgroup configuration file.
'docstring for install_fromload'.
'Log a message with severity \'ERROR\' on the root logger, DCNL with exception
'Received configuration information'.
'Set icon from filepath'.
'Redirect webapp data to temporary directory.'.
'Split <regexp> into <current> tags.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get all entities from the datastore and all datastore entities.'.
'Returns a list of test hooks from a list of test modules.'.
'Lookup a hostname lookup for the given hostname.
'Return tuple of (offset, length) pairs for the given test file.
'return if we are either a numeric or scalar'.
'Given a request, return a dictionary of order keys, return a dictionary DCNL of
'Add backup to database'.
'Creates an admin user.
'Step.represent_repr(step, step) gives an repr'.
'Iterate over a multi-dimensional dicts.
'Test that cx_or_or_Oracle doesn\'t work properly'.
'Entry point for sending scheduler and dispatch messages.'.
'Return a list of Table objects to be used to construct the database.'.
'Set the media title. DCNL .
'Removes the user\'s profile from the SiteProfile instance if it is DCNL
'Raise an exception if the argument is overflow.
'\'a3l3i123\',3,1 --> 8,[123]
'Parse the openssl output from OpenSSL'.
'Generate a unique file for the given project.
'Print a string of attribute dictionary.'.
'Dummy view to display the learner profile for a given username.'.
'Escalate a list of questions and displays all questions.'.
'Search for Google.'.
'for testing'.
'Returns the current thread policy for the current thread.
'Deserialize a stream or string of YAML data.'.
'l1d is 1d'.
'Get all volume types for a group.'.
'Calculate the fitness for a genome.
'Open a cover.'.
'Resets an API key to the user\'s token.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Display a gallery page.'.
'B-corrrection of a pd array.
'.
'Get the details for a game.
'Bottom a gcode linear move text.'.
'Download daily videos from a URL to media.'.
'Returns True if the string contains non-alphanumeric characters DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Function to return a dictionary of rpcstats output'.
'API: accepts name, output, pp, script, cat, cat, cat,
'Tries to figure out the OS version used and returns DCNL a tuple (system
'Test converting spherical functions to cartesian'.
'Validate a mime-type and returns a tuple of (mime_type
'Return environment proxies for the given url.
'Check the Twilio response'.
'Check if user has access to this course.
'Run the pip test suite.'.
'Disables the specified server for a given backend DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get mac DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Prints the migrations of all installed migrations in the given app.'.
'Given a feed object, create the sitemap item from the feed.
'Return a single release string identifying the given os.release().
'Delete the destination directory.'.
'Returns True if color is the foreground color of a color'.
'Get user info from haproxy server'.
'Set specific key type.'.
'Gets an EOG channel.'.
'Get evoked data.'.
'Ensure all installed plugins are loaded.'.
'Return a usage key from a usage string.
'Return all queries from plugins as a dict.'.
'Group delete view'.
'Set a key/value pair.
'Sets the script prefix.
'Create version info.'.
'Return a list of configuration options.
'Generate a list of project names.'.
'Update resource types in resource_path.
'Write a table as a fixed width table.'.
'Return the identity nodes of the given graph.
'Initialize a collection DCNL .
'Verify that a package is not installed.
'Suspend Linux system to be used as Linux'.
'Returns the number of xblocks for the specified xblock type.
'Elementwise logarithm of x.'.
'>>> guess_scheme(\'url\') DCNL \'url\', \'
'Returns True if \'distinct()\' should be used to query the given lookup query
'Reap any child processes.
'Verify that the package is matching the names of a package.
'Lists the first group and send a message to the group.
'Regression test for #1250.'.
'Make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis.
'Wrapper around Windows'.
'Simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests.'.
'Returns the last non-None elements in the list, or None'.
'.
'Unlock a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Given a course_id and thread_id, vote for this thread DCNL this
'Import doclist'.
'Check if the packet is OK'.
'Open an application file.
'Hash a plaintext password.
'Populate __s__ dict with optional attributes'.
'Generate an authentication token for the service.
'Return vtk output.'.
'Recursively cache children for the queryset.
'Get current logo option. DCNL .
'List scheduled tasks.'.
'Test the permutation test function.'.
'Activate a registration account.
'Parse a list of the rules.
'Provides a specific distribution for the Linux distribution.
'Dispersent entities.'.
'Computes the squared error squared error.
'Find a configuration file at the given path.'.
'Helper for Django\'s django.reverse_reverse().
'Delete a virtual interface record.'.
'Helper method to build a list of parameters dicts.'.
'Takes a certificate in PEM format and returns the DER DCNL DER
'Set the locale for the given category.
'Add a cache to the type for a library.
'This handler is called by the ``task_id`` handler for each task.
'Formats the element to use with kwargs.
'Use the optimizer to use inux.'.
'Create a DerSet object, initialized with all objects DCNL Parameters DCNL objects :
'Ping a ping event.'.
'Generate a random OAuth secret'.
'Return True if the constant value is positive. DCNL Parameters DCNL constant : float
'Clean up the DB objects.'.
'Returns a list of CSS dependencies for each group in the given group.
'Return a copy of the original dict with \'new\' values from the original DCNL
'Test that a flat is flattened to an array is flattened.'.
'Moving Average Expension'.
'Cleans orphan objects for user and entity_object'.
'Concatenate a sequence of unicode strings into a unicode string.'.
'Reboot the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Test if we can deploy a new app with a deploy.
'Compute the p from a fundamental matrix.'.
'Apply function to return.'.
'rjust(s, width) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string
'Helper to generate the appropriate metrics for the given options.
'Validates that node_type and node_dict returns a dict of DCNL node
'Verifies that the command output contains the desired text.
'Remove all test modules.'.
'Returns language codes as dict.
'Return a distutils install from \'setup\'.
'helper function to add a push'.
'Language: ja.en.english.EnglishLanguage = L{DEFAULT_Language
'Test that we can produce a random tree'.
'Extracts the kodi settings from a given config.
'Create a test report with the given tests.'.
'Cleave a GNU Triangulated Surface file.'.
'Add messages to the context.'.
'Unlock a desktop.
'Wrapper to start a threadserver'.
'Add tenant access to the tenant.'.
'Get the list of registered time zones names.'.
'Encodes an album into an art.
'Create a threshold graph from a nd distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL m : n
'Convert a date string to a number of dates'.
'List available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Issue a warning. DCNL Args: DCNL deprecation (str):
'Shift path fragments from PATH_NAME and SCRIPT_NAME to SCRIPT_NAME
'Search for a pattern.
'Generate an empty grant based on the request'.
'Helper function for computing an arbitrary variable DCNL Parameters DCNL x_dim : [(
'Determine the next device name for a block device.
'Test mininet cluster'.
'Returns (pyo format) and data for the specified format.'.
'Delete a rabbitMQ user.
'Validate and return a valid option for option of type \'name\''.
'For GEOS routines that return a Geometry.'.
'Helper for pretty-printed output.'.
'Find the topotest_dir that uses pytotest_install.
'Helper function to convert fs_flags and ext_flags to mount_flags.
'Get the feed directory.'.
'Makes a filename suitable for jinja2.
'Returns a memcache key for a collection.
'Nicely prints output to console'.
'Save prediction results to file'.
'Return a utc date string.
'[index]?'.
'Helper function to get Hadoopos based on hostname.
'Returns the app module for the given app label.
'Returns the path to Windows, or None if the Windows directory does not exist.'.
'Generate a course key for the database.
'Try to find the download URL for the given platform.
'Show the details from EC2.
'Tests that parameter operators can be used as inputs between parameters DCNL and operators and
'Fixture to return all parameters types.'.
'Checks if a collection exists.
'Test plotting scores.'.
'Return a quoted string with the given ETag.
'Find the best fitnesses for the given fitnesses.'.
'Check that column names are not in CSV format.'.
'Return a (bbox, footer) of the bounding header.
'Return the number of functions the given optimizer and a function.
'Load fault manager associated with file DCNL path DCNL filepath DCNL path to
'Tests that the number of contacts are affected.'.
'Get SAML provider DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .. code-block:: bash
'Writes back back-ref references to the history.'.
'Checks if a list of issues have closed in .
'Create a constant value from an image.
'An implementation of :meth:`fra.get_fds` which
'Print a debug view for the given cohort.
'helper function for xonsh.
'Introduce the VDI to a VDI.
'Raise :exc:`AssertionError` if ``func(*args,
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns True if ns is a scalar matrix, False otherwise.'.
'Extracts all messages from a list-like object.
'Ensure an Apache module is disabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of the Apache
'Flatten cell types. DCNL .
'Retrieve the public key from a PEM or PEM file.
'Gets installation profile profiles.
'Return absolute path to test file'.
'Manage the templates.'.
'Convenience function for creating a generic XML response to create a document representing DCNL
'Returns a versioned asset url.'.
'Check if `path` is installed.
'Release a title description. DCNL .
'Squeeze a list of outputs.'.
'Context manager to temporarily override the current thread.
'Extracts the key from a composite key.
'Get all group snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'Prepare a subprocess to be used for executing cmd.
'Marks the framework as being loaded correctly.'.
'A replacement for `list`.'.
'Returns a dict containing the W3af version for the current commit.'.
'Set the system module if the kernel is Windows'.
'.
'Returns the number of groups that match the given filter_data.
'Return a translation object from the source code.'.
'Return a query based on whether a source_ngc_shot exists.'.
'Determine if the line is inline in a loop.'.
'Tells if the target is newer than the target.
'Convert a sequence of v1 tuples into string representation.'.
'Attach a pre-commit hook on project sync.'.
'Determines output length of a convolution given output length.
'Return transparent_torification object.'.
'Builds a codeobj dictionary for the given code and attribute names.
'Cancel draft drafts.'.
'Setup a MQTT sensor.'.
'lift_loop(s_ir_*_ir_*) -> loop of
'Modify REJECT Section 9.2.2'.
'Return a sorted list of mapping keys.
'Entry point for the unit email address and display it.'.
'Return True if we\'re running from the given reloader.'.
'Checks whether a spellcheck is available.'.
'Delete a stack record.
'Creates a new zero-like object for the specified type.
'Decrypts a string \'cypher\' with the public key \'cypher\'
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Gets a list of email addresses from the Marketplace provider.
'Validate a JID. DCNL .
'Checks to see if user has a required entrance exam DCNL Arguments: DC
'Generate a 2D kernel layer.
'Check a proximity matrix.'.
'Indicates whether a value is null or not null.'.
'Converts a VLAN object into a vcard.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__
'toggle data register D4 bit'.
'Test for argparse.'.
'Returns a slice of the list.
'Delete an Elastic Network Interface.
'Pretty print a string.'.
'Check if a process is running.
'Turn a list of users into a list of users.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Create the summary of a collection.
'Confirm all confirm messages'.
'Converts an integer to its ordinal as a string.
'Update resource quota usage.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Create the document_editor group with the document editor.'.
'Create a VectorSpacesDataset with a new input and with a DCNL
'Construct a multivariate multotet matrix.
'Parse a file and save it with a standard format.
'Change MAC address on device'.
'Ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin URLs by escaping DCNL any
'Returns a string representing the most recent status for a given episode.'.
'convert a set of privileges to python object'.
'Compile `source`.
'.
'Test that we don\'t patching the package in the package'.
'Return a dictionary of configuration values.
'Confirm this module is on a Debian based system'.
'Retrieve user information for all users.
'Install the gui version.
'Appends a slash to a redirect path.
'Finds and returns a list of modules.'.
'Return a cleaned mode (mode, mode) for a given mode DCNL :param
'Determine if the address is shortened.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Return `source` with normalized form for `source`.'.
'Parse command-line output.'.
'Builds the vmdk attach config spec.'.
'Reset configuration parameters and reset the system parameter to DCNL reset if necessary.
'Read one cell line record.
'Create an JS alert message'.
'Get size in memory for a file'.
'Notifies the current cache limit.'.
'Return min/minimize given range'.
'Helper function for choosing the profile image storage'.
'Get the MD5 hash of a filename.'.
'Updates source text index for given unit.'.
'Uninstalls one or deactivate packages'.
'A demonstration of the model class.'.
'Upgrade all necessary packages from ``salt://`` DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'helper function to get a POST parameter from the request\'s context DCNL if
'Update the local locale list'.
'Convert a ``tornado.convert`` to a Tornado yieldable.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'This function removes the null handler from the loggers.
'This function takes an InputSource and an optional base URL and DCNL returns a fully
'Normalize array and scale columns from X.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Power off the server.
'Export backup_config.'.
'Get a list of all files in the given tree.
'Return the id of a user.
'.
'In `prompt_and_delete_repo()`, if the user wants
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test unlink_identities service
'Get locale from url'.
'Build a request to the W3 upgrade request.
'Internal routine to get uid'.
'Parse a file and return lines of contents.
'Wrapper for inserting int64 to int64.'.
'Ensure that we can tokenize a list'.
'Get the description of available video tracks. DCNL .
'Create a text file with the given encoding and encoding.'.
'Importing vispy.glob should not import this module'.
'Return an instance of the redis class.
'Retrieves a model instance entity from the given ID.
'Returns a mask from the given sequences.
'Sum of contiguous arrays.
'Join the components of a pathname.
'Split a list of objects in the given pred, and return the result DCNL of
'>>> test_in_sys.io_in() DCNL True DCNL >>>
'Test whether a file is valid.'.
'Calculate the logprobability of the data (logistic regression).'.
'Skip the skypype command'.
'Return the python string representation of the given expression.'.
'Build a URL'.
'Converts a locale name to the native name.
'Partition an array into partitioning objects.
'A context manager that creates a temporary style file for this DCNL style.
'Convert integer to binary representation.
'Simple view of robots page'.
'This function takes a metric name and returns the value DCNL used by g_prefix
'Creates a new Kanban Board'.
'List all repos DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Sets the HTTP cookie.'.
'Find the best fitnesses for a given mime-type against DCNL a list
'Generate test table'.
'Bootstrapping the given resolver.
'Read a human-readable formatter data and decode them into a list of datetime
'Return a list of keypair\'s.
'Check for python 2.3'.
'Updates a cache entry.
'Get a list of files that have been replaced with the review.
'Create a DerSerialized binary string.'.
'Render text to markdown'.
'Extract the constant scalar variable from `x`.
'hook(name, klass, func) -> post(hook) DCNL Remove
'Renders the container details.'.
'Return a list of urls that are running on the server.
'Render price-friendly string with given price.'.
'Test make_app_model'.
'Query for an image volume cache entry for a volume.'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return the auth name for social auth'.
'Create the test cache directory.
'Uninstalls a flocker-Flocker.
'Add all the synchronous methods of a class to class.
'Colorize a color between 0 and 5 saturation space'.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Renders the children in a list.
'Get all IAN files found in the site.
'Get the profile name of a file.'.
'Yields pairs of IPs and user proxies.'.
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert indices to a string.
'Remove id from a file.
'Format bytes for human-readable bytes.
'Updates the pkg install database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Safe way to update last_login.
'Translate a pattern into a prefix, e.g.
'Tests that \'src\' can be called with a source directory.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``seek {STATE
'Returns a string representing the profile.
'Print a list of (width, column) tuples with specified length.'.
'.
'JSON representation of np.json.'.
'Determines the number of elements w, e.g.
'Wrapper around execute().
'Return the thread reactor spawned from a thread.'.
'Get system serial number from disk.'.
'Create a push. DCNL Args: DCNL c_instance: The test
'This view is a handler for testing the current thread.'.
'Identify the dependencies of all targets in the given targets.
'Get a style value.'.
'Generate random text strings.'.
'Linear regression'.
'Delete block device size.'.
'Test Integer creation of an integer.'.
'Returns current platform string'.
'Updates the connection pool with the target_service.
'Test that the arg of a function works as expected'.
'Makes a TOTP code from the given secret.
'Returns a JSON-encoded string.'.
'Convert a 2D norm of ``a`` to an OrderedD norm of
'Takes a source string and returns it as a unpack tuple.'.
'Return True if line is a string, False otherwise.'.
'List all services.'.
'Returns True if `address` is a valid CIDR address.
'Read from a pickle file.
'Return the full module name.'.
'Destroy the block device mapping.'.
'getper data'.
'List all installed certificates from the given certificate DCNL .
'Code generated from subcodes'.
'Returns the auth url for this minion'.
'Ask for the user.
'Return (host, domainname) from encoding.
'Return a native value.'.
'Gets a user by username.
'Upload a pre-version file.'.
'Test if an integer is a half-even integer.'.
'Format the jid correctly'.
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Probability that the score is well-wise.
'Return the version of Mercurial, depending on if we\'re available.'.
'Set the RST description.'.
'Handle file upload.'.
'Injects field definitions from the `xblock` dictionary with the DCNL `
'Checks that the given entries are not in order.
'Get all reservations belonging to a project.'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[TestTarget]'.
'Force plural to string'.
'Return the symbol used by the locale for the given locale.
'Compares the current configs and the average of the current configuration.
'Writes JSON.'.
'Renders an editable editable template.
'Converts \'first_name\' to \'First name\''.
'Expand a keyring into a string.
'Return True if line is part of a multi-line, False otherwise.
'Unpack an image header. DCNL .
':param file_element: File elements DCNL :param file_element: The file
'Set a signal handler'.
'Put one or more entities.
'Records all the crontab and logging events.
'Setup the pyplotlib plot.
'Returns the age of the logs buffer.
'Writes the XML content to disk.
'Generate the constants and the constants.'.
'Like os.path.find_dir but ensures all the parent directories are DCNL
'Get media tracks from media descriptor object. DCNL .
'Get the evaluated string.'.
'Return the IP address of a network interface.
'Split a LaTeX string into a list oftex objects.
'Save any changed session data.'.
'Import a module.
'Get the current datetime object.
'Rename a file name.
'Returns True if the installation period is in progress_period'.
'Set attributes on the object __enames__.
'Recursively run ``func`` on the given expression.
'Load a command class from the given name.
'Send a message to the Mattermost channel DCNL .
'Convert a QColor to a QColor object.
'Prints a list of categories for a given parent_name.
'Get the version number of a dataset.'.
'Return the default dict.'.
'Escape a byte string in a single byte string.
'helper function to take a string in opts'.
'Helper function to authenticate with WNS.WS.
'Fixture which returns a unique header string.'.
'Checks if the matrix matrices are identical.
'Test reading a table as input.
'test running scenario with query parameters'.
'validate and return a list of output buffers'.
'Makes the default signal map.
'Calculate the slice slice for tmin.'.
'Return a candidate version according to a CPV.
'Get event manager from media list instance. DCNL .
'Creates a tuple of (key, value) tuples.'.
'Helper function to get the RVS variable from a given state.'.
'Convert a time into a datetime'.
'.
'return a list of dtype objects'.
'Send a message to console DCNL .
'Update translations.'.
'Add configurations to a config file.'.
'returns mean of x, y as expected by y'.
'Check that the currently logged-in user has specified permission for the trigger.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'A version of release lock'.
'Create a IKEPolicy DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'Test multiple arguments'.
'Print a single vector succinctly.'.
'Extract information from step_log.
'Reload the Django\'s URL configuration.
'Run a shell job.'.
'Returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table, DCNL
'Creates a new language'.
'Return a list of the mac MAC addresses DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any. DC
'Find the best fitnesses for a given mime-type against DCNL a m
'Creates a client for cloud networks.
'Return a list of protos (PRIVATE).
'Return all metrics'.
'Show debug option'.
'Reconstruct the results in the frame1 frame.
'Checks if the given line is inside of the given line.
'Generate noise noise.'.
'Format a list of outputs as a string.
'Convert a cell reference to a tuple.
'Regression test for #44 DCNL Don\'t raise an exception when multiple inheritance
'Write a head position to a file.
'Display data about the latest records of the resource.
'Retrieve paste_deploy.flavor config item.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Given a series of series, attempt to guess if it\'s already exists'.
'Return the target form for a comment.'.
'Handle the shared login between two users.'.
'Returns an ``exportFormForm``.
'Get information about the inverse operator.'.
'Check for python 2.3'.
'Return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter.
'Create a random job prefix.
'Page.'.
'The restful handler for videos.'.
'Get a gzip file from a filename.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SS
'This view generates a sitemap with additional geographic DCNL elements defined by Google.'
'Convert a Layer ConfigModel instance into a Layer dictionary.
'Returns a dictionary of proxies.
'Return the most recent item for the specified user. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Test float precision'.
'Kill the project.'.
'Return True if \'indexname\' is in the latest directory (in the DCNL
'Only load the module if memcache is installed'.
'Pauses interrupt hook.'.
'Receive SMS messages.'.
'Apply migrations to node facts'.
'Remove the minor portion of a partition from the system.
'Get the list of admin logs for the root node.
'Open a pathname for a resource.
'Check if a class has all the labels in the given class.
'Fix some indentation in the given text.'.
'Render a gens template.
'Get a new benchmark cluster.
'Return create exceptions. DCNL These elements depend on the networksegments table which are
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the value for the named
'Helper to add a variable to weight.
'Returns the sum of the matrix.
'Run all the tests in the main module.'.
'given a course_id and comment_id and comment_id, delete the comment
'Parse a list of paths.
'Test normalization function'.
'Returns the md5sum of a file'.
'Determines if the string contains any non-alphanumeric characters DCNL that
'Check the user and group.'.
'Add link to social link.'.
'Revert a document to a specific revision.'.
'Wait until a Windows process is ready to connect.
'Update the given stim text.
'Utility function to check if scope_name is a statement.
'Open a web page in a browser.
'API: accepts output'.
'Generate a new Context object from the given API.
'Displays all navigation hooks.'.
'Check if a domain name is valid.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Type delete'.
'Returns a set of all non user permissions required for given user.'.
'Multiprocess a template containing multipart/email.
'List currently installed mac DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the first selected node in a list.'.
'Return a copy of the class with the given namespace.'.
'Freeze login details for this client.
'Efficiently setup the Neutron partition.'.
'Check if the request wants JSON'.
'Regression test for issue #1919.
'Set the element to the end and end element.'.
'Send an email to a recipient.
'Remove all elements from a sequence.'.
'Gets current time in the current format.
'Read a page header.
'Parse a requirements file.
'Compute the signature for a specified key.
'Get the normalization of a path.'.
'Normalize a Timestamp object.
'Get all volume types.'.
'Returns the write_index for the group name.'.
'Set up the cache directory.
'Verify that the path is a valid file, returns a string representation of the DC
'Submits a task to generate a background email DCNL :param course_id:
'Return the angle between a and 180 degrees.'.
'Compute size (in bytes) for backend specified by backend'.
'Try to write the given file object and write it to the default DCNL file object
'API: accepts output, value(=value)'.
'Reload the syslog-ng configuration.
'Regression test filter.'.
'Convert an IPv4 name to an IP address.
'Creates a non-spherical copy of an array.
'Check for vi editor.
'Remove all lines from a list of lines.
'Create a random string with chars in the given chars'.
'Split a cookie to cookie string.
'Returns the indentation of given line.'.
'Balance of two observations'.
'Convert an existing load balancer object into something more serializable.'.
'Check the sanity of the checksum'.
'Strips out quoted strings from text.
'Converts a rgb to a hsv tuple.'.
'Call rl_version.set_info() DCNL Args: DCNL
'Convert string to numpy array.
'Generate a random sample of RoIs within a given roi.
'Construct a pydata container from the given headers.
'Build and return the name of the module.'.
'Ensure a logical volume group exists.
'View that checks the checkout request confirmation page.'.
'Set up the global OrderedError for logging.
'Iterate over the records in a file.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Generate an md5 hash for a file.'.
'Checks if a string is a valid IP address.
'Get the Twiline notification service.'.
'Run the usage of a list of tests.
'Get the instance metadata metadata.
'Checks whether the pattern matches the given pattern.
'Hop a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Disable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get stroke radius by prefix.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 9 Section 9.1.43'.
'Suggests a semver version string and returns SemVer.
'Extract parameters from a list of lists'.
'Compare two packages using pkg versions.
'Create a new hypervisor.'.
'Slice the data into a list of iterable objects.
'Split a path into list of path objects.'.
'Test that the normal distribution matches correctness.'.
'Raise an exception if the given attribute is reserved.'.
'Save the icinga2 certificate.
'Squeezing operation: convert input to 2 space.'.
'Return (data, end) from the "End" record.
'Subroutine to create a tooltip'.
'Save all the dialogs.'.
'Create an interactive shell.'.
'Check the list of files exist and return False if all filepaths found DCNL
'Element-wise ceil(x) -> int DCNL Return the ceilable
'Wait for a specified jid'.
'Get the content of the given view/output mode'.
'Return the path of pyconfig.h.'.
'Add a user to an object'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__'.
'Loads a cron.yaml file and returns a string.
'Creates and copies the SSL options file for a specified DCNL :param src_
'Update a FIF file in grid.
'Run the API test suite.'.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is zero in ``K[X]``
'List all Launch Configuration.
'Displays the current time zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Normalize form attributes from a form list'.
'Checks whether a field is in a reasonable hemisphere'.
'Match the file type and mount options.'.
'Get the homepage for the current locale.'.
'Method to generate HAYST identifier for a key.
'Generate a random organism.'.
'Return the path to the profiler file.
'Upload a file to S3.
'Only load the module if qemu-img is installed'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Runs the OAuth2 client.
'Makes a PMF discrete distribution.
'Get all dns records for the given zone.
'Converts the given rule into a get_text.
'Initialize a Home Assistant server.'.
'build a network with a cycle.
'Check if a string contains only a metadata key.'.
'Execute the current locale set DCNL .
'List the db cluster.
'Return the path for a job'.
'Return a non-blocking channel.'.
'Create list of fasta scripts.
'Listen on a server into a port.
'Converts a datetime to an aware datetime.'.
'Wait for the replica to be present.
'Try to decode a unicode string.
'Sets an object in memcache.
'Sanitize text. DCNL By default to strip whitespace or unicode lines
'Return the base form class for the given settings.
'.
'Restart the named service.
'Returns the subpath of a base path.'.
'Append a host to the host pool.
'Constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow.
'Takes a string and renders the context from a string.'.
'Check if console window is active.'.
'Get default namespace.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Lists the mac addresses associated with
'Retrieve the low data from the lowstate data and display it DCNL CLI Example
'Retrieve a node with the specified C{nodeid} for the given node.'
'Creates a new user.
'Determine if a path has any changes in the repository.
'A node must be a tag.'.
'Ensure that the pagerduty config is currently being used DCNL name DCNL
'Compute ID of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Check if the element is a boundable context.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL dj
'Bump cache for given shop product.
'Create a mock of ``PublicKey``.
'Returns a map of libraries to a list of libraries.
'Return the systemd version'.
'Copy lines from ``in_line`` to terminal.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Log a single microversion header with a missing version.'.
'Calculates the mean of the ``num`` most recent values.
'Convenience function to create a rectangular polygon.'.
'Get fixed ips by network or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Parse an object-like object and return the parsed string.'.
'Adds all decorated roles to a given class.
'Decode a string using Base64.
'est of the k-point for calculating the class pps.
'Consume items from a queue.
'Returns the length of the items in a list'.
'Read the header of a MIME header.
'Create base class based on plugin metadata.'.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test StratifiedValidationFold.'.
'Save the contents of a file.
'Returns the most recent message of the given event ID.
'Return the mapper object for an entity.
'Returns a human-readable representation of a file size (e.g.
'Get the clipboard\'s contents.
'Return a sorted list of allowed_allowed_list.'.
'Returns the currently active resource name.
'Helper function to create tasks.'.
'Check if the flag is accepted for use in the accepted- keywords.'.
'Asserts that the html generated by the `student_view` view is correct
'Return a datetime object parsed from a string.
'Convert text to a dictionary.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a blob\'s data
'Parse a string starting at position start in data.
'Updates a single item after a user has been deleted.
'Destroy the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'return the domain of the workgroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Apply softmax function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Deletes a named sysv service from boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Perform the sentiment analysis on a given string.'.
'Return a status of the sqlite database.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Use memrss to read memrss.
'Apply a function to a tensor with random selection.'.
'Get the hash processor class.
'Return the default URL for the feedback backend.'.
'Helper function for _ellipsis_escape().
'Returns the local resource URL for the given xblock.
'Generate HTML report for results'.
'Internal, removes bridges'.
'Return the wwn word string with the wwnn name.
'Converts a bytestring into a binary string.
'Create a file with the specified name and write \'contents\' (a DCNL
'Computes the trace of a vector.
'Looks for the file\'s metadata in the S3 bucket cache file'.
'.
'Convert HTTP headers to a string.
'Error checking for dblobs.
'Raise an HTTP redirect'.
'Clean up a string with whitespace in the form \'\''.
'Build the pillar data from the command line options.
'Print the given tensor.
'Find an unused port on localhost.
'Returns the content of the file in the given file name.
'Define a list of plugin entries.
'Decorator for registering fczm drivers.'.
'Assign a default group.'.
'Make a file descriptor non-blocking'.
'Checks if there is a cacheable product for product.
'Restore the rc params.
'Test the implementation of the function'.
'Determine if the loop should be reversed.'.
'Decorate a traditional-style method that takes ``cr``, ``uid``,
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape a unicode string in an OAuth-compatible fashion.
'Make sure the completion item has been selected correctly.
'Parse the command-line options and exit code.'.
'Return a base64 encoded signature.
'Return the path of a device'.
'Run the API server.'.
'Creates a cache key for a given app name.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the course modules are enabled.'.
'Waits for a list of sockets to be read from a list of DCNL sockets
'Update a file in the finder'.
'Write a named matmatrix.
'unary_expression : additive_expression'.
'The entry point for CloudFormation high level commands.'.
'Converts a string to an integer, if possible.
'Main method to run tests.'.
'Converts usage_key_string to a usage string.
'Evaluate a value in the given `tex_path` environment variable.
'Test that replay.dump raises if the context is missing'.
'Location delete page'.
'Enable a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parses a template from the given path.
'Returns the characters that are found in the specified range.
'Send e-mail when a published response is published.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version`
'Prepare configuration and run the device.
'Context manager that changes the working directory to CWD.
'Retrieves the rights for an exploration.
'Same as _call_at() but instead.'.
'Add sphere.'.
'Context manager for temporarily setting the current user.'.
'Convert a floating point value to a float.'.
'>>> x = test_yield() DCNL >>> next(py) DCNL
'The effect of the plugin.'.
'Return the latest version of the named package.
'Returns a bool telling if the value passed to it is a valid IPv4 address.
'Checks if the database has been primed.
'Return a list of all the extensions available on this API.'.
'Helper for _get_id().'.
'Get the hardware address on Windows using NetBIOS calls.
'Return True if the value is a extension type'.
'Make sure the `update_patch_icon` module is changed.'.
'Test the fit sample routine with a 0.5 ratio'.
'This function is called when x is a different version of DCNL 1.7,
'Parse a millisecond value.
'Returns a Form class for the given list of Django database fields.'.
'Run OS tests.'.
'Lists a creds for a given tenant_id'.
'Issue ``INSERT`` statements for a list of objects.
'Set the hostname of the device.
'Calculate the most common meta-metric name in the list.
'Print a file in the fsspecified.'.
'Signal handler for SIGUSR1.
'Helper function for getting a JSON serialized JSON response.'.
'Raises an exception if context is not a request.'.
'If arr is a float, convert it to a float if it\'s not DC
'Normalize a sequence of nested elements.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Returns a new SSLSocket wrapping the given socket.
'Check if youtube_list is available.'.
'Regression test for skip_func(args)'.
'Compile *.py in directory `dfn` to *.py'.
'Create a ``K[x]`` polynomial from a dictionary.
'Updates the Jenkins job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Computes theano norm of a matrix w.
'Remove a key from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'This terminates the scenario after each scenario is run.
'Encode a string using base32.
'Calculate the success message if the user has been changed.
'Removes special characters from a string'.
'get_incoming() from stock invoice rates'.
'Send event'.
'Called when a new template has been changed.
'Change torrent directory dir to a torrent directory.
'Extracts pairs of terms from a list of terms.
'Adds the discussion discussions to the forum.
'Reads a motif from a handle.
'Inspect the neural network DCNL Parameters DCNL x : int DCNL x:
'Get the other rows and other columns.'.
'Test filter resolving.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no bookend.'.
'Returns the URL for the given action app.'.
'Helper function to load nodes from pid to parent args'.
'New watch list'.
'Resets all task optimizers.
'Encode the old-style 2-4-3 legacy fields.
'Execute and return data'.
'Creates a virtual environment.
'Return Safe ConfigParser'.
'usage: lx download-aria2 [id|name]...'.
'For a specific format type, returns the format for the current DCNL language (loc
'Generate a Digest authentication authentication.'.
'Check if a hook has a valid hook.
'Add labels to the host.
'Describe the p4 output. DCNL :param change_name: Path to
'Dummy output.'.
'Runs a command and returns its text.
'Same as :func:`QUID` as a variable.'.
'helper function for standard deviation'.
'Return an eGL error message.'.
'Log a message with the current stack level.'.
'Show the members of a group.
'Return a list of license options available for existing license id'.
'Determine if we\'re running in debug mode.
'Return a dictionary of the document creation.'.
'Return a list of currently running jobs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get flipped loop.'.
'Takes a list of marker pairs and sort them in ascending order.
'Get all policy names for a group.
'Count the number of elements in a sequence.
'Builds the VM spec.'.
'Take a path and make it relative to the \'path\''.
'Ensure that `step_from_line` can be a single line, with
'Open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Method to connect to the remote perspective.
'yaml: ssh-build DCNL Requires the SSH build builder.
'Toggle compute projections.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service account
'Return a mismatch object with the given information.'.
'Get normal weight.'.
'Returns the local timezone name.
'Set a selinux boolean DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a suggested Wikipedia answer'.
'Expose this function via the API but don\'t require a user.'.
'N320 - Ensure that oloose module isn\'t available.
'>> fv_match <formname> [<field_name> [<
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Get all services that are enabled
'Use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible'.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and
'Test join with a non-inplace operation'.
'Images resource factory method'.
'Checks if the given value is a valid value.
'Runs the repository repos.'.
'Set the audio channel.
'Get statistics from the cluster.
'EXTENDED version of an object'.
'Fetch a key from the cache file'.
'Returns a list of pages that use the given paginator.
'Check for backups for the database.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version`
'Returns True if mac address is valid'.
'Return a dict of preferred folders from the specified name.
'Chop a sequence of length `eq_size`'.
'Recover all the workers in the specified lbn bundle.
'Efficiently divide ``f`` by ``f`` in ``K[x]
'helper function to compute num_batch'.
'Check if estimator works properly with different estimator'.
'Called from jingle_query to add_query_to_query DCNL
'The union of the union test case, this will be a union of DCNL union
'Account edit form'.
'Returns True if all elements of the sequence satisfy ``True`` and ``True`` DC
'Importing vispy.gloo.gl.gloo.gloo.gl
'Returns an ``GenericInlineFormSet`` for the given kwargs.
'long_long(s) : int DCNL :param s: a string to
'Notify a new string.'.
'Returns a page message with the given paginated string.'.
'Generate anchor (scale_size, height).
'Dispatches `client` with `idname`'.
'returns a new environment'.
'Updates an user enrollment.
'Install one or more packages.
'The main task. DCNL You need to be run as necessary.
'.
'Converts bic frequency sequences into a list of barcodes.
'Subscribes a user to a creator.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a dict of channel indices.
'A room'.
'Return ``True`` if service is System-style service via ``service``'.
'Shut down the slug.'.
'Returns the currency name for the given locale.
'Returns True if the xblock is a unit, False otherwise.'.
'Prepares exception data to be used in telemetry.
'Creates a bad request'.
'Sends an email when a claim is registered.
'Checks if user already exists.
'Populate the doc dict'.
'initialise module'.
'Get a slice of the slice bounds.'.
'Helper function to parse all HTTP headers from an HTTP request.
'Makes an exog of a model and returns an exog.
'Convert an old password to a old password string'.
'Uninstall the session cache.'.
'Test reading multiple files.'.
'Adds a short links to each document in the list of documents.
'Converts an integer to a base36 string'.
'Builds a VotingOperators object from a campaign iterator.
'Takes a list of valid locales and returns a list of valid locales'.
'Test interpolation solution with fixed length solution.'.
'Create a Folder structure DCNL .
'Check if the given URL matches a callbacks.'.
'Creates a MongoDB collection.
'Shuffle a list of CONF.glance_api_servers and return
'Parses the version of the command.'.
'Checks whether user can view reports for given project.'.
'Provides the list as a list.
'Ignores case differences in case when case is insensitive.'.
'Find an adapter for the given type.'.
'Extract all keys from a dictionary.
'Given a filename, delete it.
'Assert a == b, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Calculates the quantiles of a list of values.
'Set rate limit.'.
'Uuencode file'.
'Calculate the total rank of the percentage (i.e.
'Wrapper around datetime.datetime to make a naive datetime.datetime
'Disable profiling stats for a service.
'Calculate the timestamp of the User-AMP ADMIN_AMP record DCNL
'Decodes incoming text.
'Gets the name of this program.'.
'Generates the text representation of a list of ids as a string DCNL representation
'Returns a single indented vector.
'Get titles from the book.'.
'Decorator that checks if a user has a particular permission DCNL on the specified
'Fires after user-entered code runs.
'Return an array of offset.
'Add a tenant to Keystone service.
'Catch Profiler with a given file prefix.'.
'Show or show a baremetal node.'.
'Return the path to the given object.
'Expose stats from local storage.'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a set of bytes, if set or not null
'Return a list of git templates.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of the request.
'Reads the images from the input queue.
'Require a SmartOS package to be installed.
'Given a list of bytes, decodes the value of fvwi flags as a
'Convenience wrapper for XOR multiple connections.
'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test that MacroExpression works properly'.
'Get the workability information for a particular ISC.
'Get a little-endian long.'.
'Run a script on a script_path.
'Compress total rows in data.
'Retrieve the defined property from the style map.'.
'Invert the root tree to be in an iterable.
'Get wrapped float.'.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Return a list of available users (keystone users-list) DCNL CLI Example
'Return the name of the signal'.
'Inverse a gcode linear move text.'.
'helper function to insert a status'.
'Given a lat/lng, return a (lat,lon, lat) pair
'Returns the sub-type of a specific extension type.
'Ensure that identifiers can be mangled.'.
'Returns the global nav data.'.
'Simplify the clip of a clip.
'Flood and receive packets at layer 3 DCNL prn:    
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL monitor HACKING guide recommends not using \'
'Tries to find the cover page in the container.'.
'Evaluate a marker using the given marker.
'Get an ElastiCache subnet group.
'Parse the doclist into a dict'.
'Use Netmiko to configure logging on the network device.
'Check gamma and set gamma values.'.
'Helper to check the result of an image'.
'Generate filesystems and calls the globals.
'<user> - tell messages to tell what <nick> should be read.'.
'Computes the square error loss.
'Build environment variables'.
'Removes a boot volume from the server.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``playlistid
'[location] - gets a list of <text> for <location>.'.
'Return the network id to use'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[IntegrationTarget]'.
'binhex(int) -> str DCNL Convert a number in hex format to bin
':type bot: str'.
'Assert that \'x\' character in unicode outlines are expected.
'Generate a series of rows from an empty sequence.
'Return True if line is a chunk.
'.
'Converts a phone number with letters into its numeric equivalent.'.
'Returns a list of primes with the given length.
'Returns an index of duplicate keys.
'Start up a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'fab -H username.
'Returns the anonymous_id for the given user and user\'s anonymous DCNL to
'Verify that all of the modules have been loaded via the docs.'.
'Return True if the given callback is an API view.'.
'Make a default style tag.'.
'Checks if a cheatsheet exists'.
'Create a constant record in the constant value.'.
'Returns a list of all users.
'Loads calendars from a given path.
'CONNECT Section 9.3.3.2'.
'Restores the state of the leaf state.
'Update the facts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return information about a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return list of data (data, rows) for the current page'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Folder edit'.
'Ensure service is absent.
'Person REST controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in Autocom
'Downloads app stats to an application.
'Use Netmiko to connect to the network device.
'Abort an error if there is a list of messages.
'Remove user from group.
'Get the list of tests that can be run from this module.'.
'Responds to JSON using the custom subscription_data.
'Return a filter to check if the group has snapshot_snapshot.'.
'Test that etree behaves like L{'.
'Construct a dask object from a dataframe DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Convert \'size\' bytes to a string.
'Reads a local file and returns a directory'.
'Determines whether an object is NULL.'.
'Raises an exception if the given year is valid.
'Check if a user exists.
'Returns the Euclidean distance between two vectors.'.
'expr_list_list : expression'.
'Assert that all objects are equal in the database.'.
'Resolve a name to an IP address.
'Midpoint Price'.
'Log a message with the ``ERROR`` level.
'Returns the logistic sigmoid function.'.
'Creates the MIME message for the response.
'Delete an existing member from the pool.
'--level output level'.
'Import and return the module.
'Given a list of source files populated by the source_files field.
'Appends a string to the request\'s suffix.'.
'Makes a CDF from a PMF.
'Un-escapes a string from a string.'.
'Sum of the largest elements of vector `x`.
'Returns the contents of a text file, or None if it is not unicode.
'Context manager to temporarily override the URL patterns for the given DCNL template.
'Configure syslog to stdout DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Automatically auto deletes the class for cls.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Parse a device record from a dtype record.'.
'Get the list of Thingrs for a particular Thing.'.
'Get media service discover object. DCNL .
'Catches the signal that a course has been published in Studio and DCNL sets the
'Generate an iterator over the specified line.'.
'Return passwd_changes information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Loads a custom template library.
'Logs a module attribute and returns it.
'Create a description from the given object.'.
'Stores friends and friends to a user. DCNL Arguments: DCNL friends
'Creates an empty :class:`cupy.ndarray` object.
'Raise ResourceDenied if the specified resource is not available.
'Test installing from a package.'.
'Send a specific low-level function to the minion.
'Convert a multipart/form-data body into a multipart form.
'Search for bad IP address'.
'Return measurement of x.'.
'Enters transaction management for a running thread.
'Concatenate tensor.
'np.norm(x, x)'.
'Read boolean from bti file.'.
'Escape single quotes in a string.'.
'Convert thelux ratio of the input value DCNL :param log_ ratio:
'Provide the callback for `resource_type`.
'Checks if the user has a specified group DCNL Args: DCNL org
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Create a nested dictionary from the given path value.'.
'featured-tf-library-config section.'.
'Test reading of locs.'.
'Writes the state dictionary to disk.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a generic group.'.
'Return the unit pattern for the given locale id.'.
'Copy all files from a list to \'out_files\'.'.
'Expand a type name into a list of types'.
'Try to find the path to a Pylintrc file.
'Define a role for the entity DCNL .
'APP INFORMATION Section 9.3.18a'.
'Only works on Windows systems'.
'The inverse of image.
'Registers ECDSA correctly'.
'Masks sensitive data in the given message'.
'Perform a Google Cloud Storage API call.'.
'Evaluate CWD to C code.
'Get the file paths'.
'Convert lower triangular banded matrix to lowercase.
'Generate a TPOTP code.
'write data to a pickle file DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str
'Invalidates the hash file for a suffix_dir.
'Add a representer for the given type.'.
'Helper function for patching objects.
'Decorator to mark a function asynchronously.
'Build the main script.'.
'Creates an OpenStack application.
'Defined in admin module, so redirect there'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws
'set the default colormap to h and apply to current image if any. DC
'Returns the site dict for the deployed app.
'Yield each object of the headers from the given WSGI environment.
'Evaluates calls from call_queue and places the results in result_queue.
'Convert an event item to a topic.
'Run the action.'.
'Add error errors to the log file.
'Checks if the item tree is in the course tree.
'Check for fscale format.'.
'This method facilitates efficient for the terms in ``self``.'.
'Return a html page for a directory.
'Lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return DCNL its encoder function
'Show all the figures and enter the gtk main loop DCNL This should be the
'Add pillars output to positives.'.
'Copy extra extras data to the config directory.'.
'Return the server\'s scheme and hostname to use.'.
'Reset the profile for a profile setting.
'Return a version of the string escaped for inclusion in an DCNL RFC-822
'Returns True if the given address is an IPv6 address.
'Set the color limits of the current image.
'Recursively get all related models in the given model.
'Create the verifier for the given public key and public key. DCNL :param
'Returns whether or not the current date string can be used for a date or DCNL
'Implements a module.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Signal a process and send it to signal.
'.
'Switches a host with the specified parameter'.
'Update root organisation DCNL .
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Initialize web browser settings.'.
'Clean up data from scratch space.
'Helper function for :mod:`Q`.
'Returns the size of the database in bytes DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Remove an ASAM platform from the server.
'Encode ``sorted_object`` and returns the message.'.
'Parse the the csf line'.
'Returns a list of view roots of the view DCNL .
'Return method class object'.
'Remove a branch from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Check if an error.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Redirect to the root page.
'Returns a callable with the given name.
'Returns a summary of the summary model.
'The main entry point.'.
'A helper function for listing the local directory.
'Get local time zone preferences.'.
'Generates linear gradient of an interval'.
'Return an array corresponding to the dimension of `x`.
'Install language from the given language'.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using DCNL random sampling
'Render a Bootstrap form DCNL **Tag name**:: DCNL bootstrap_
'Iterate through all possible sources and return a list of base paths.
'Get the session ID for the given username.
'Returns True if user is prereg admin, False otherwise.'.
'Updates server info files.
'initialise module'.
'Main entry-point for the CLI tool.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
'Freeze the named container DCNL path DCNL path to the container DCNL path
'Explicitly mark a string as HTML.
'Runs tests'.
'Outputs server output for each instance.'.
'Generate histogram file and quality scores.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'List contents of a queue'.
'Displays the items in a resource.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service account
'Get config file for given atom.
'Perform the covariance matrix at least one covariance matrices.'.
'Deletes a consistencygroup.'.
'>>> decrypt_encrypt_encrypt_keyfile=False DCNL Thanks to
'Return list of text blocks of code and source files.
'Find all the actions in the namespace.'.
'Returns the first item in a list'.
'Get the Frees SMS notification service.'.
'Moves a file from one location to another.
'Create a circle collection. DCNL Args: DCNL x: y, y
'Get the rank index of the screen.'.
'Remove content directory that contains the content directory DCNL :param pack_dir: the
'Return combination of two top channels.
'Process the tree by commas.
'Return the current time zone.'.
'Convert a volume status to an EACC.
'This hook will load extra data for given user and profile.
'Callback invoked when there is a list of mailboxes, send it.'.
'Get list of commands to use by programmatically.'.
'This function takes a single CIFAR file and downloads the DCNL test data for
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Returns a URL for the given path.'.
'Sets the applications in the settings directory.
'a :func:`signal_set`.'.
'Lead index page'.
'Gets the queryset of a model class.
'Apply the softmax function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Replaces ampersands with ``&amp;``'.
'Return a colormap associated with the specified name.'.
'Runs the given command and returns its stdout.'.
'Changes the lls/ls value of `ls` to the playlist.
'Check if LUN ID is available for this host.'.
'This function returns a list of jobs.
'Return the configuration value for a key'.
'Returns the Fletcher-16 checksum of a binary number.
'Merge multiple inputs into a dictionary.
'Exports a course\'s zip file to a zip file.
'Returns the name of the alpha to be leader for each word in which to use DC
'Parses the command line and returns a split_cap line.
'Perform a partition on the seed.
'Function that does nothing.
'Give a list of page where the user can change.'.
'.
'Delete all telemetry alarms.
'Set DNS facts if not already present in the master.
'Create a multipart control service client.
'Helper function to check if voxabel is available.'.
'Get normalized normals for a portion of the array.'.
'Notify a list of MemberList delete'.
'Handle course requirements for the course.
'View a demonstration of a review request.
'Return a formatted dict of attachments.
'Checks for C{code} and error handler.
'Adds a new Page to the context.'.
'Determine if the argument is a IEEE 754 infinity value'.
'Returns a short string representing the python version'.
'Find the vowel in the word'.
'Coerce input into a tensor.
'Subtract sigmoid.'.
'Returns the data for the current thread.
'Helper to render an alert'.
'Returns True if the given CSP Policies are available in the given DCNL response,
'Return a load of the modules that are loaded via the stack.'.
'Test adding additional components between two spaces'.
'.
'Return the localhost.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Encodes a cipher to the
'Checks either pickle_icon or None return None.'.
'Grab command doc and return its output.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Run all the tests in case.'.
'Returns statistics for the given date (or ``date)``.
'Given a list of strings, collect all bears from the given sections.'.
'Return the length of a byte-length encoded header.
'Returns the name of the response.
'Remove users from an ACL group.
'Test reLU activation function'.
'A helper function to find three points in G.
'Create a global variable constant.
'API endpoint to retrieve results.'.
'Return VM memory usage'.
'Display the boxbox box'.
'Issue #599'.
'Get a pre-preferred equalizer.
'Delete the given metadata item.'.
'Remove tags from a trail DCNL Returns {tagged: true} if the trail
'Parse the user line'.
'Main script execution.'.
'Returns a badge object.
'Log a message on the given object.
'Strips out tags from the text.
'Convert a fixture object into a list of Table objects.
'Sets the current thread\'s current thread.
'Output the indentation level.
'Make sure that the table as HTML'.
'Return True if the subreddit is a visible subreddit.
'Main.'.
'View function that handles a password reset.'.
'Verify that a file is valid.'.
'Display a date as the expiration date DCNL :param date: the date of the
'Imports pylab on this notebook.'.
'Returns a list of all file names.'.
'Tries to get a string for the given index.
'Returns a unique ID'.
'Validator for bucket names.
'Marks the value as a decorator as a string'.
'Consume cloudsearch_changes queue and dispatch messages.'.
'Detect the lines in a diff.'.
'Writes the message to the debug log file.
'Get the OS PCI device name from the pci_id.
'Test plotting a figure with three lines.'.
'Return the full pathname of a resource.'.
'Shuffle a sequence of numbers.'.
'Browse the \'other\' dialog for an alternative.'.
'Shortens a string to a repeatable mangled version with the given length.'.
'Generates a cube group.
'Add the module filters to the output.'.
'Returns the currently active thread.
'Test installing from wheel with --compile on'.
'Fixture to return a :class:`Mock`Mock` object for
'Hard power down the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Evaluate evaluator.'.
'returns the access token'.
'Manage the servers in the cluster.
'Temporarily change the value of a field.
'Return a default set of predefined colors that compute_state.
'Parses a terminal.
'Toggle horizontal labels.'.
'Updates the course_info updates.
'Recursively remove links from a directory.'.
'Safely update dictionary.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Return true if the hash is a valid hash.'.
'Returns full path information.'.
'synopsis a word'.
'Wait for the element to be present on the DOM.'.
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong NN object'.
'Mock oc command'.
'Attach total_points to each object of the queryset.
'Returns position after token.
'Return a list of gid for the specified user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return True if token is found.
'Dispatch to the OSF function.
'Returns a list of existing dhcp networks'.
'Return the version from the installed package.'.
'Returns the value of an option based on the master'.
'Call fn(n) and return a map of fn.
'Apply func to each function and return the result.
'Returns a list of tuples representing trees and parses them.'.
'Compare two certificates.
'Return an iterator of a key.
'Delete a given console.'.
'Retrieve the deployment config file.
'Constructs a block slice from the given expression.
'Validate and return a list of value for option of choices DCNL :param value
'A context manager that changes the current directory to the given directory DCNL name DCNL
'Fill the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Expand the given URL into a domain object.
'Encode a list.'.
'List remote references for a remote `remote`'.
'Test proxy requests'.
'Get the master status of a minion.
'Fix all HTML tags marked as HTML.'.
'Get the ModuleEntry with the specified filename path.'.
'Run ``p4`` on ``cmd``.
'Same strategy as test_gmail_missing_missing_text'.
'Create a load-balancer node.
'Return true if the url belongs to a spider.'.
'Removes special characters from backslashes.'.
'Similar to `check_string` but does nothing.'.
'Sets the password in keyring to the specified credential.'.
'Look up a repository by the owner of the provided database.
'Returns the index of degree `deg` in degrees `degree`.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Determine if the given format is a memory view formatter'.
'GCD of multivariate polynomials in `K[X]`.
'Read the index entry from a stream.
'Encode an Message instance.
'Returns the number of processors on this system.'.
'Inspect the given object.
'Return the id in the form of a string.'.
'Loads a CSV data.'.
'>> fv_multi <formname> <pair> [ <pair_name
'Return the kwargs passed to keyword arguments.'.
'Assert that the ARP address is at least one host IP.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.'.
'Run OpenPyXL in default mode.'.
'Convert text labels into labels'.
'Helper to require a translation project.'.
'Return a list of DNS hosts for a network.'.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'.
'Generate the context for a template line.
'No config options can be selected.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replay_gain``
'Solutions of the solve function.'.
'Create gpg for a default gpu object'.
'Test uninstalling a package from the given console_scripts.'.
'Home a gcode linear move text.'.
'Sort list of scheduled events.
'Return the correct name of the current code.'.
'Get the accessible attribute.'.
'Returns True if a string is a short letter (e.g.
'Return dict of registry keys.
'.
'Returns a new selection model.
'Generate a test suite for a failure in a junit test'.
'Scans the transcript text'.
'Formats a list of errors as a dict, returning a format object'.
'Create the destination directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Check if any available plugins are available.
'Get list of programs for the user\'s program.
'The binary representation of this address.
'Returns the name of a process.
'Acquire the lock for the lock'.
'Return class name based on object name.
'Get a client for the installed versions of the given version.
'Softconstructs a softmax function.
'Reverses a playlist.'.
'Verify that a path is a valid webroot path.
'Converts a buffer type to a buffer size.
'Check to see if an event is configured with \'name\' member DCNL CLI Example
'Generate a new HyZwijer for empirical accuracy.
'Checks if a process exists in the given PID.'.
'Check if the current process is running in the main process.'.
'Test if an object is protected.'.
'Process the training event'.
'Get perimeter width.'.
'Process a single image file.
'Wait for Google Analytics.'.
'Returns a bytestring version of \'s\'.
'Publish execution of an action execution. DCNL :param execution: The execution of
'Restores a service.'.
'Add media list to media list. DCNL .
'Return (content, type) of the content of a message.
'Returns a list of collections summary objects with the given collection id.
'Create an internet gateway DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'This method gets appropriate command name for the state specified.
'Batched INSERT/COMMIT pairs via the ORM'.
'Returns the IPython directory that enclosing IPython.'.
'Dashboard edit widget'.
'Returns a merged copy of the token.
'Return the audit log directory.
'Craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Evaluate a polynomial ``f`` in ``K[x]``
'Set the C code for a case of fd, which will be done to be
'Register the PyComcat service.'.
'parameter_list : parameter_list RPAREN'.
'Get the description of the extensions.'.
'Return the line where the cursor is in the row.'.
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'Sets records for the current request.
'Create simple ``Simple`` instance.
'Capitalize a string'.
'Run flake8.'.
'Purge packages from the package.
'Validate that a POST request is valid.
'Get home directory if necessary.
'Returns the Hamming distance between s2 and s2.
'Return a string representation of the given scheme.'.
'Checks if the given email address is valid.
'Validate customization_args for specific customization.
'Get the creds and credentials for the provided provider DCNL :param provider_key
'N331 - Use assert instead of assert_call()'.
'Schedule str_format_format(str) -> str'.
'Return the preferred IP address of the VM DCNL .
'Returns stdout and stderr of a command.
'Log unhandled exceptions, capture stdio.
'Highlight syntax rules'.
'Upgrades all packages.
'Return the number of roots of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Returns the set of files that are not in the given directory.
'Given a uri, try to discover the Full URI for the given URI.
'Interpolate input using trigonometric interpolation DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Convert a WordNet tag to a Penn WordNet.'.
'Test for py3d3 in Python 3'.
'Derivative. DCNL This function is used to compute the Rosenbessel function
'Mock render view for requests.'.
'Compile the given node.'.
'Get the current movie title. DCNL .
'Convert an excel file to Excel database.'.
'Group versions into a list of releases.'.
'Event: delegate to another coroutine.
'Convert a CFSet to a CFSet.'.
'Add auth data to context.'.
'Function to handle key function.
'Associate the given security group with the given instance.'.
'Forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value, DCNL
'Return list of bootstrap modules'.
'Check the browser-agent search for desktop.'.
'.
'Returns True if the input is related to the news. DCNL Arguments: DC
'Install VCS source into vcs.
'Return the executable location of a given offset module.
'Displays the current query string as a comma-separated URL.
'Get groups that belong to a container.
'Test to ensure that private_browsing is enabled.
'Delete SSH key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert a string to an S3 object, to an unicode object, used
'Ensures that MySQL connections are alive.
'Creates a video using subtitles. DCNL .
'Convert integer to bytes'.
'Resets the set of NOLINT suppressions to reset.'.
'Helper to load a bitmap from rc.'.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Test completion. DCNL Args: DCNL show_show_view: Show
'Return a dict of article dictionaries for a language.'.
'docstring for main'.
'Return ``True`` if ``kwargs`` can accept kwargs.
'Determine the default Python mode for the given job.'.
'Generate a model based on the root class.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Validate that the course_id is valid.
'Test HTML attributes for languages different than the site language'.
'Reload the given module.
'Tests that zeros are accounted for o0 and o'.
'Pre-postulate a vim message.
'Compute the factorized residual of r'.
'Generate a list of random floats from n.'.
'Default dict mapping mappings for machines.'.
'Parses the content-Range header and returns a tuple of DCNL (Content
'Build source tarball of source.
'Ensure an Apache module is enabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of the Apache
'Get new repository.'.
'API: accepts output, value(=list)'.
'Store the results of a new classification task_dir in the zip directory.
'Decode a list of ASCII-encoded strings to ASCII.
'Set up the test database.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListEntry object.
'Finds the server id and returns the primary ID'.
'Apply the SELinux policy for a file context.
'Returns default context as a dict()'.
'From github issue #1912.'.
'Test datelabels option'.
'Add messages to user.'.
'Set an offset by multiplier, a number of multiplier, and a multiplier.
'Returns the label label, with a negative label.
'Create a new server instance that is threaded with threaded systems'.
'If column is a \'cols\' value (\'a\') is a title
'Decorator to mark a dummy function and return a decorator.
'Test Traffic Server configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return a list of all installed services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Topics as a topic.'.
'Converts URL to unicode'.
'Decodes integer bits from a bit matrix.
'Returns databook from YAML stream.'.
'Creates a list of evenassembles'.
'Get the horizontal path.'.
'Create TaskInfo object'.
'Tests the response returned when a JSON error is returned.'.
'Get email addresses for a given review request.
'Override the set of servers to be executed.'.
'Takes a list of output strings and returns a unified log.
'Generates an array of rectangular-shaped rectangle.
'Tries to return the certificate paths to use.
'Return the lang_description for this module.'.
'Return the request URI.
'Sort string.'.
'Get the file directory with the given filename.'.
'Return a directed graph from a degree sequence.
'Prints a new secret from the secrets database.'.
'initialise module'.
'Update the current block or update the user.
'Helper function to retrieve the id and the key.
'Initiate the given text, returning the current position of the pressbug DCNL
'Returns a FormSet for the given Django model class.
'Test grid lengths.'.
'Convert a key name to a string.
'Returns list of files in a bucket.'.
'Returns the first item in a list.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Finds the command in the list of paths specified by command.
'Determine if a directory is a package directory.
':rtype: collections.Iterable['.
'Return a chain of multiple ports.
'Monkeypatch css css if necessary'.
'Exposes in minutes from minutes DCNL http://www.com/questions/
'Returns summary of a single commit'.
'Ensure Qt is running in the Qt main thread.'.
'Get lock for a expression.'.
'Returns the set of post modules.'.
'Returns the model matrix view.
'Unpack zip_dir `filename` to `extract_dir` DCNL
'Get encryption headers for a given key.
'Find files in list of barcodes (PRIVATE).
'Helper to look up a model from an "app_label.module_name"
'Return the adjacency matrix.'.
'Convert rotation matrix to rotations.'.
'This is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding DCNL box returned
'Create a fake payment for the given payments.
'Event: delegate to an event loop.
'Check GitHub authentication on the GitHub API.
'Adds default values to the environment variables.
'Test whether `remote_url` is a remote repository URL'.
'Setup the RST switch platform.'.
'Tests if a config file does not exist'.
'Validate the value of a resource type.
'Compute the activation layer.
'Removes a database from a Postgres server.
'Return the phi product of a n.
'Get the last modified modification of a file DCNL .
'Load the size of a particular state on an state.
'This is called by ``remove_list`` on the filenames DCNL :
'Called when the plugin is loaded.
'Print an error message and exit.'.
'Check if the value is a valid integer.
'Gets the size of the screen as specified by screen'.
'Parses a replacement hex escape sequence.'.
'Transform an index into a multi-dimensional tuple.'.
'Compute the atomic benchmark.'.
'A simple view that is used by the CSRF token.'.
'Return a pair of points enclosing the bounds of a bezier path.
'Return the trailing whitespace for a word.
'Connect a action to a function'.
'Invalidates a domain.'.
'Return the n-th prime of n.
'meta <user> - gets information about <user> from <user>'.
'This function is called by the traceback to report the stats loaded.'.
'This function is used to compute the following linear deviation'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws
'Calculate a tour.
'Escape html for text.'.
'Sign a certificate request.
'Get a list of names from a list of names.'.
'Converts a string into non-alphanumeric characters.'.
'Take a list of hosts and return a dictionary.
'Create additional category.'.
'Build command line args for UserInstall'.
'Formats a search according to regular expression.'.
'Builds the attach config spec.'.
'Add the sympy/python implementation to sys.path.'.
'Generate link options for specific libraries.
'Returns the cache for the cache.'.
'Convert the set of modifiers to a string.
'Download a file from the local path to a directory.
'System virtual memory as a namedtuple.'.
'Select a valid selector.'.
'Suspend a VM to its specified name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Validate the password against a user\'s password.
'Determine whether any of the wildcard names match.
'Generate a UUID from a host number.
'Converts a range string to an integer.
'Ensure usage_name is absent.
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return True if pyrexprob is installed'.
'Returns the selected editor'.
'Function redirect through openid'.
'Read a unicode string or concat.'.
'Get entrypoint for pkg package.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'>> redirect to the page.'.
'Simple test function'.
'Find if a user exists in the MySQL server.'.
'Run HTML tidy.'.
'Raise TypeError if x is a str or if x is an iterable which
'Compiles template_string into a template.
'Test utility functionality.'.
'Get the preference path to the preference file.'.
'Returns gzip-encoded data.'.
'Gathers the pillar with the desired set of grains, which should DCNL be
'Read the XML/XML file and return a string with the standard XML-safe
'Return a random string of length n.
'Read the bit packed bytes from the file.
'toggle control register bit'.
'Makes an event exchange object'.
'Clears the compatversion cache for the current component.'.
'Handle a target. DCNL .
'Switch frappe to erpnext branch'.
'Raises an AssertionError if two objects are not equal.
'Parse the multi-path line'.
'A grid of 2x2 images.
'Send a message to dest.'.
'This function is used to load the s3js javascript and DCNL for inclusion in
'Get the system\'s filesystem encoding.
'Receives signal that signals a course has been published in Studio and DCNL updates
'Registers a namespace for the given namespace.
'Get new repository.'.
'Split a split command.
'Converts a JSON string into a list of bytes.'.
'Converts a registry key\'s values to a dictionary.'.
'.
'Same as django\'s `reverse`, but also handles any DCNL django
'Return the number of seconds for the given ns period.'.
'Make sure that the transform from a frame is checked correctly'.
'Clear the state of the state'.
'Returns whether or not a given host is full.'.
'Move a trash folder to the trash folder.
'Convert a ``f`` in ``K[x]`` polynomial to
'Splits a string into list of strings'.
'Yield completion for task completion'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Make sure the content is a POST request based on the media'.
'Convert the given scalar values to a string format suitable for use with DCNL
'Attempt to hardlink a hard link.'.
'Create a copy of `original`.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Send email.'.
'Convert a Python datetime to javascript timestamp.'.
':type add_css_configs: list of user_configs modules DCNL
'Loads WAF/IPS/IDS references from functions.'.
'Run all admin management modules.'.
'Convenience function for generating resource limits.
'Copy data from src to dst.
'Parses the given server_string and returns a tuple of (name, port
'Generate a random password.
'Compute ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Compose polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Set the opacity of the image.
'Find the position of a string after the starting point.'.
'Queue an e-mail message.'.
'The inverse of the C{f} function.
'shift_time(seconds) -> datetime DCNL shift the given time to the
'Create a new port group.
'split a path into a segment path'.
'run any registered exit functions DCNL _exithand_exithandlers are
'Update the files in the pdf.
'Make sure that data_start is not in the data reader.'.
'Return a list of the default providers that are present in the DCNL payment provider,
'Confirm this module is on a Debian based system.'.
'Sets the value of a config key.
'Calculate the score from a local directory.
'Get the triangle mesh for the gts file.'.
'Get a fixed ip by address or raise if none.'.
'Return the current time since ISO 8601'.
'Colorize color. DCNL Returns None if no color is specified'.
'Validate a slug.'.
'Associate fixed ip to instance.
'Decide whether we should skip a file to skip the compiler.'.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.'
'(6) Test with decorator'.
'Updates an enum column in the table.'.
'Check the protocol for the given proxies.
'Removes last tag from a file named fname DCNL :param fname:
'Get the vector3 path from the complex path.'.
'Takes a new config object and sets the current time object.
'Copy TreeBuilders from the given module.'.
'Decodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :func:`search`
'Connect to Amazon Cognito Identity DCNL :type aws_access_key_
'input from GPIO'.
'Return True if s is a valid identifier, False otherwise.'.
'Encode and sign a pickle-able object.
'A helper function for creating a multipart message'.
'Determine if the word is in a quoted string.'.
'Return a sanitize filename.
'Back up a backup'.
'Lists all tables in a given dataset.
'Process output from xdump.dump.'.
'Concatenates operators horizontally. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : list DCNL
'Get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory.'.
'Generate a token with the given text stream.
'Overrides the content type of a listing type.
'Return a list of keys for the specified user.
'Replaces line ending with \'.
'Test automatic legend placement'.
'Low-level implementation of Legendre polynomials.'.
'A helper function to list an Option object.
'Validate color(s) and return a boolean value.
'Create tables. DCNL Args: DCNL assessment item: The item dictionary containing
'Takes a Django FileUpload object and returns a JSON dict.'.
'Add a plugin menu.'.
'Get the dot product of a pair of complexes.'.
'Return a list of all the available sizes in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example:
'remove empty lines from an empty string'.
'Pops the topmost connection from the thread.'.
'Generate a list of handlers for the webservice handler.'.
'Check the file path for changes.'.
'Retry all signals.'.
'Helper callback for calling method calls.'.
'Extract the items that are unique in a sequence.'.
'test the gradient of a function DCNL f: a tensor DCNL f(
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs using the DB API.'.
'Collect static files needed to copy the static folder to static files'.
'Checks if a env name is created.
'Check if patch is executed.
'Only load if svn is installed'.
'Setup the MQTT Light.'.
'Returns the outer product of two arrays.
'Converts any spaces in `text`.
'Temporarily override the current environment.
'Callback invoked when the user is sent.
'Count the number of zero bits on the right hand side.
'Soft sign of x.
'Extracts the fingerprint from a ssh key.
'Test reading the curv file signature'.
'Add statistics to the function.
'Bootstrap a VM using kernel.
'Return a copy of the link to the destination. DCNL :param dst: the
'Formats a nanosecimal number as a string.
'Migrate the database to most recent version.'.
'Clean up cached views.
'Get the size of backups for a service.'.
'Validate the provided path element.
'Get the hardware address on Windows.'.
'Find all loops that are in the top level of a given config.
'List events for the Consul server.
'Deserialize a key/value pair.
'Returns a search form for the search form.'.
'See if \'module\' is in \'module\'.'.
'Get the JSON result from the test suite and JSON.
'Opportunity edit'.
'Finds a ForeignKey for the given model and parent model.
'Normalize path, eliminating S3 roots in s3.
'Get changes to the configuration of a config file.'.
'Convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a numpy array.
'Remove port forwarding from zone.
'Build the borders of a bounding filter.
'Find parameters in the given obj.'.
'Reversal a gcode linear move text.'.
'Determines if a file is not a bootz file.
'Return the expression corresponding to a blaze expression.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Like `encoding` but writes unicode to a string DCNL Args:
'Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
'Transform a slug into a slug.'.
'Calculate the behavior of the observed model.'.
'Converts a value to a bool'.
'List the files cached in the environment'.
'Add round loop to round trip.'.
'Extracts code code for a given mode.
'Retrieve email for a user'.
'Convert an IP address string into its binary form. DCNL .
'Returns True if there are tabs in the leading whitespace of a line.
'Handle reloading'.
'Returns a correlation between two values.
'Accepts the hjson data as a string or a file object and renders it to
'Return the name of a ForeignKey constraint.
'Restore from a file'.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL 1.
'Generate results for csv file and get counts for the report.'.
'Starts the named thread DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Parse a query and return a list of Query objects.
'REST Controller'.
'Escape the given text as well as HTML.
'Error checking for routines that return a coordinate sequence.'.
'Parses a date format as specified by HTTP date.
'Format a URL from the server.'.
'Generates the pcdf for a range of xmin and ps'.
'Get a new command that can be used by the parent directory.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Create a new zone from the configuration file.
'Adds a given role for a domain to a group.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'For numbers 1-9, returns the number spelled out.
'Returns whether the password was changed.
'Extract sample ids from sample ids.
'Refresh the info cache for an instance.
'Return True if the given attribute is a private attribute.
'Runs jint on the compilation.
'Copy files from source to destination.'.
'Resize image with given width.'.
'Return an auto-proxy for a token.
'Spawn a background thread.'.
'Evaluates the inverse cos of an interval'.
'The arctangent of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the at
'Return a list of the driver names.'.
'Makes sure that type is pickleable.
'Compute zeros of integer-order Bessel function JN(x).
'Computes the skeissess of xs.'.
'Create and return a Consumer object.'.
'Parse a privileges dict.
'Raise a blacklist if the given repo is blacklisted.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Imports a module from a dotted path path.
'Emit a problem event.
'Mask Generation Function, described in B.2.1'.
'Converts a datetime to a natural timestamp.
'Error checking for routines that return zero.'.
'Release port from host.'.
'Swap coefficients of ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'yaml: sitemit DCNL Specify results in the sitemon and
'Update list'.
'Convert a corpus to vowel-like words'.
'Wrapper around create_index to ensure that the database is created.'.
'Convert a python name to a regex.
'Check for assertEqual(type(a).
'Setup a LiteJet Jitter.'.
'Sets the Join cache for the given sender.'.
'Attach total_points to each object of the queryset.
'Add the vertexes.'.
'Takes a user\'s profile data and returns data.
'.
'Compute derivation sequence for a given graph.
'usage: lx download-torrent - lx download torrent ids.'.
'Action resource factory method.'.
'Handles the sending email notification.
'Ensure tools are valid in the tool blocks.'.
'Parses all URLs in the given HTML fragment, returning the DCNL absolute URL
'escape_text(\'a/b/\'\') --> \'\', \'
'Activate a requirements package.
'Check if the path already exists in `path`.
'Removes a role from the database.
'Check if a path exists.
'Parses the current redis connection.
'Verify that the random stream_streams works as expected by DCNL the N
'View that handles a password reset.'.
'Convert a date (freq, frequency) to a period.'.
'Return a spinner object'.
'`DEPRECATED_group_members` is not disabled in the ldap
'Splits the namespace into a namespace.
'Retain the winding spacing in the line.'.
'RGB to rgb'.
'Run mysql'.
'.
'Extract a nested test case of a test node.'.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Return a dictionary with callables.
'Return a list of the files that are in the master'.
'This function needs for Hypersearch algorithm development.
'Return a list of subclasses of `c`.
'Test reading and writing of input formats.'.
'Represent a Request DCNL .
'Return a plausible module name for the path.'.
'data -> unmarshalled method DCNL Convert a datetime object into a Python data
'Registers a certificate in the given student for the given student.
'Convert a DNS name into a DNS string representation.'.
'Show details about a network.'.
'Return an empty string.'.
'Compute the l2 product of a function F.
'Return plugin class.'.
'Returns current column within a string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address, DCNL and return it
'yields the product of two values.
':type event: cloudbot.irc.irc. DCNL :type event: cloud
'Convert a value to a date string.
'refer a node using the default value'.
'Setup Insteon Hub platform.'.
'Remove quotes from text.'.
'Helper function to create ansible colors from n_colors'.
'Discard the text from the cursor to the cursor.
'Searches signatures in a list'.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Get the chapter description. DCNL .
'Return the directory where program is found.
'Update the local cache'.
'Registers a user in.'.
'Schedules a job with the specified function.
'Unlock or unlock an entity.'.
'Auxiliary function to set options from options.'.
'Inject Subreddits by name into the index'.
'Check if xbps output is installed'.
'This function takes a tuple of entry and returns the result.
'Parses a comment.'.
'Test error on filepath'.
'Test that all exceptions raised by exception handling'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/issues/issues/
'Recursively convert an object to a serializable dict.'.
'Parse an IDV fragment from the URI.
'Sets up the http server for the specified port.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Formats list into a tuple of Tb.
'Checks if a recaptcha token is valid.
'Add a constructor to a constructor.
'Read an index entry from file.
'This function will remove all meta-data files from the system.
'Plot probabilities drawn from pre-sample.
'Test getting error messages.'.
'Formats size in bytes'.
'Reference: DCNL cpu_id DCNL int DCNL cpu_id DCNL
':type args: CoverageConfig'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Return formatted dict for an issue'.
'Authenticate using the provided username.
'Ensure that OpenXML file works as expected'.
'Wraps the given text on a piece of text.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
'Find the best fitnesses for a given mime-type against DCNL a m
'Ensures that the given service is available.
'Check if an episode exists in the database.'.
'Download an object to a file.
'.
'Return a copy of the temporary file.'.
'Return a list of period names for the given locale.
'Disable serializers that are considered to be decoded.'.
'Ensures that attributes are present in the table'.
'Generate and cross features from n_features.'.
'An instrumented Template render method.
'Return a list of the image names that match the given username.
'Get the distribution\'s version.
'List haproxy servers DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert JSON row data to a Python row format.'.
'Get the first word from a split line.'.
'Given a domain name, check to see if the given domain exists.
'Test crop.'.
'Test number read reads.'.
'Evaluates an expression.
'Generates a polynomial from a ``K[X]``.
'In `process.call_prompt_with_json` should be passed to
'Returns the CPP variable that has a header guard.
'Convert arg to a type checking that is not a type.
'Ensures that a document is present in the document.
'Parses a string.'.
'Return all URLs in the given request.'.
'Set the interactive mode.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the traceback for a thread.
'Require a file from a url.'.
'Given a list of recipients, returns a set of email addresses for DCNL the given
'URLquote_plus(s) -> str DCNL Encodes a single string with
'Set the gid for the given gid.'.
'Register a set of class names, e.g.
'Ensure the alias name is absent.
'Creates a port group.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Display all review requests.'.
'List all of the repositories found within a specified basir.
'right is a sibling immediately after left'.
'Write \'rootObject\' to path.'.
'Retrieve the packaged script.
'Proxy for :meth:`x_div`.'.
'Test plotting of Epoch image.'.
'Install coverage requirements.'.
'Convert an XML error to a StreamError. DCNL .
'Check for assertTrue(isinstance(a, b)) sentences DCNL Yield
'Test height ratios.'.
'Register Models and create metadata.
'split the command line into a list of states.
'Return the number of nodes in the common group.
'Compute the output of a Krrucker-Schmidt filter.'.
'Returns the app name to the default comment module.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Repeat a sequence of numbers.
'Return the user\'s email address.
'Template settings for Maldives DCNL - designed to be used in a Cascade with an
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Tests components of components with components (com/COMP1, 3) for
'Change the tablespace for a Postgres server.
'Return the uptime of a given hypervisor.'.
'Generate chart data from list of lists of tuples'.
'Check if docstrings are disabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type args: DCNL :type args:
'Copies JSON files needed to the SDK.
'Pause the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Setup the SQLAlchemy database.'.
'Case status: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Looks for the default SR and triggers a SR.'.
'Get a dict with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with a \'
'Open a given filename.
'Returns a list of pids for the given pid.
'Generate a unique photo filename.'.
'Generate HTML page html for BeautifulSoup'.
'Make the first column of the table in the table'.
'Check if pyenv is available.'.
'Return True if we are any of the host from this module'.
'Returns true if page is published, else False'.
'Control button for a GUI.'.
'Generate an event ID for use with the given format.
'Parse a pkgin string into an entity line.
'Run the LDELEX dataset in the environment.
'Assert that \'value\' is a boolean, raise an error'.
'cc_config.'.
'Convenience function for generating template data.
'Converts a module namespace to a Python dictionary.'.
'Write a key/value pair in the database.
'Convert a native index type to a native index.'.
'FileLinks can be instantiated'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Determines appropriate setting for a given request, taking into account the DCNL explicit
'Calculate the rank of a single unique value.
'Returns the current context.'.
'Evaluates the cos of an interval'.
'Configure SNMP community string.
'Makes a dictionary mapping.
'Return a specific tenant (keystone tenant-get) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Checks if the given descriptor is available for this descriptor.
'Main analysis function.'.
'A wrapper for making a S3Request DCNL .
'Returns selected options.'.
'Return entry point for `dist_info` or raise ValueError'.
'Get the description for carve.'.
'Return an SQLAlchemy query for all activities from user_id.'.
'Index documents of a given model.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get the setting for the given class.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Compare two lists of dictionaries, ignoring the ordering'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Mark a file as offline.
'Return a list of virtualenv'.
'Send monthly reports.'.
'convert non-central moments to central moments'.
'Sends a message on a fanout exchange.'.
'Sync remote databases to the remote database.
'This function removes the log handlers from the root logger.
'Quotes a string for use in a URL.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Gets the power amount of a
'return the log likelihood of the vector i in the index'.
'Retrieves a blob from a blob_key.
'Return a specific group type by name.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SS
'Translate exception\'s reason to a Message instance.'.
'Sets the fast link builder to the fast link builder'.
'Return True if the given headers are websocket.
'Perform an record lookup. DCNL .
'Check if the GeoServer is up.'.
'Convert a keyinfo sequence to a key.
'Set a fixed ip and update it.
'Return the fully qualified name of a module.
'Get the installation function for this platform.
'Removes the task application.
'build a list of simple tools'.
'Builds the Property Spec.'.
'It does upgrade a dependency if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Determine whether the cross-origin link should be used for cross-origin DC
'Return the status of a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Remove a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get an image member by reference.'.
'Make sure we\'re using dnnpasswd(2)'.
'**DEPRECATED** DCNL Use this function to skip a test if Python is
'Refresh the grains.'.
'Round a precision to a precision'.
'Uname a system'.
'Confirm this module is available on this minion.'.
'Sets the restart mode for a restart file.
'Sampling version of predicted_info.
'Replace special characters with special characters.'.
'Serialize an exception.'.
'Get the number of themes that the reviewers have been verified.'.
'Shorthand for Gba'.
'Wrapper around get_getpasswd(string) that supports getpasswd.
'Set the given properties on an instance.'.
'(INTERNAL) DCNL Convert an integer into a Python int.'.
'Given a valid region name, return a DCNL :class:`boto.
'Returns True if there are external plugins'.
'Find the n-movie of the given ratings.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Gets the free memory on the
'Used only to run a module.
'Subtract table from pivot row'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Translate a sequence of modbus identifiers to a list of 3-element tuples
'Test bad dimensions'.
'Process all hourly traffic for the hour/day/h4 date.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
'Browse the current branch.'.
'Returns the placeholder settings for the given template setting.
'Toggle user\'s email list for an user\'s user.
'Compute the principal projection of data.
'The main function'.
'A generator function for read actions.
'Returns deprecation string for documentation.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Split entry in form of entry.
'Save the load to the specified jid'.
'Display the celery settings page.
'Pull the data for the specified books'.
'Convert a string to a number.
'Runs a transfer job.'.
'Monitor the volumes of a mounted mounts.
'Return the degree of a degree (e.g.
'Check if hg is installed.'.
'Encode a string that can be embedded in HTML.
'Formats the list as extracted from a list of tuples'.
'Clean up the given PID.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Initialize trunk handler.'.
'Make sure the user exists in the htpasswd file.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Sets the current time in the
'Converts a string to a slug.
'Reset default shortcuts'.
'Checks if the current appstack has the current application context.'.
'split the node name into a host:port string'.
'Constructs a shell of the given command.
'Gets a new branch.
'expand windows path'.
'Cache the contents of a zipdir.
'This function is used to run all the modules under the low level'.
'Convert a WOTAN tag into a tag.
'Perform batch normalization on batch.'.
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Document add to preselected folder'.
'Return system information as a copy of sys.path'.
'Get equation for polar azimuth.'.
'Make sure the type of str_type can\'t raise an exception.'.
'Return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns. DCNL Each object
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Sort list of resources.'.
'API to update a group attribute'.
'Determine whether a string is float.
'Create a random string of integers.
'Convert dict to unicode keys'.
'statement : statement'.
'Account delete'.
'Setup the RUS platform.'.
'Returns True if given string is a IPv6 address.
'Call a function with a given clip.
'Evaluate an expression in a date'.
'Test that deserialize roles are returned.'.
'Makes a naive datetime.datetime.
'Like request_uri, but returns the full URI.
'Partitions the entropy of an input matrix.
'Computes minimum distance between n and nodes.
'ReLU activation function.
'Apply a PNG image to a given format.
'Uses effective user id to process the effective user ID.
'Get VM statistics.'.
'If we don\'t need to migrate the data directory'.
'Load a dataset from a YAML dataset.
'Parses a XML file, using the given handler'.
'Decodes a unicode string into a tuple.
'Decorator that returns a method with a remote request type.
'Looks to see if apcaccess is present on the system'.
'Calculate a Torrent hash based on the link.
'Remove a file or directory.'.
'Get the stroke radius.'.
'Return a triangle representing the spherical components from l1.'.
'Get account info for an app.
'Serialize the agent string to use.
'Print an error message to stderr.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Convert an exponent into a tuple(x).'.
'Get the value of MAKEOPTS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return the
'Copy a directory from src to dst.
'Return a dict of reservations for the resource.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems with SunOS'.
'Convert an image into numpy array.
'Return an iterable of indices over the given shape.
'Returns True if text is plural.'.
'Returns the state name of a state'.
'Configure inline inline support for `internal` in the DCNL backend.
'yaml: string DCNL Example: DCNL .
'Setup logging.'.
'Test subpixel output with gaussian correction.'.
'open() returns a file-like object depending on the end of the DCNL open
'Return True if the given object is a class, False otherwise.'.
'Backup complete backup fields.'.
'Unsigned Short'.
'VAUses GALCGI to test a PDF in a document.
'Register a Growl notification.
'Clean up the metric module.'.
'Check to see if a file exists.
'Will copy location attributes from old_node to new_node.
'Update evoked data.'.
'Convert hash_dict to hashable dict'.
'Parses zeros of all zeros.'.
'Convert text into a rdata type. DCNL .
'Initialize the configuration module.
'Toggle options.'.
'Get memory usage in bytes.'.
'Returns an iterator over all possible combinations of infers DCNL >>> product_iterates
'Get path with overhangs removed or filled in.'.
'Returns unescaped string from a string.'.
'Zero-field-supplied fields'.
'Add external account to external account'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :rtype: list[str] DCNL
'.
'Yields coordinates of the bottom and upper-end coordinates.
'Perform a convergence on the service.
'yaml: joblog DCNL Set the job logging configuration.
'Check the given estimator.'.
'Display the login form and redirects to HTTPS.'.
'Get an argument or a string.
'Return user profile details.
'Return the version from the __init__ file.'.
'Verify that we have a valid semaphore.
'Run a test suite.'.
'Makes a response.'.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Map a volume to a host.'.
'Convert a value to a unicode string.
'Runs a generator on a given node.
'Convert a gif file to a ndarray.
'Extract numeric part of a string DCNL Returns None if the string is a numeric
'Get a value from an object.
'Add the closed xml tag.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Returns a dict containing partition information
'Encode a dictionary header.
'opt : optstep'.
'Check that multi-dimensional floats don\'t raise ValueError'.
'Return a date range suitable for datetime objects.
'Returns list of seqs in input fasta_paths'.
'Create a X509 name entry from the specified name.'.
'Force power down.'.
'Returns a search result for the specified namespace.
'Return partitions of a disk path.
'Returns the category value represented by a category.
'Translate a number to its Roman number.'.
'Converts an application list into a Python dictionary.
'Return bivariate sample samples from a pn.'.
'Setup the Demo sensor.'.
'Setup logging.'.
'Renders a nested view'.
'Generate a simple dataset record DCNL .
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
' covariance matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL xs : array DCNL xs
'Uninstall an editable package.'.
'cycle a list with permutations, i.e'.
'TODO docs.'.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.
'Method to decode streams using the JPEG2000 standard (NOT IMPLEMENTED YET
'Returns a cache key based on account.
'Checks if the two tokens are equal in the block.'.
'Decorator to mark the lambda function as delay.
'Updates device metadata.'.
'Return a sequence of *x* x *x*, *y*.
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get equated paths.'.
'Return the interface associated with an interface.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return task flow for tasks.
'Returns the number of hosts that belong to.
'Takes a string and converts it to translated language'.
'Returns a softmax function.'.
'Locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name.
'Return a new execute command.
'Creates the vlan and MAC address.
'Retrieves the course enrollment data from the given course id.
'Build a URL for a given endpoint.
'Select a command. DCNL Args: DCNL corrected: A list of commands
'Test registering a new bundle.'.
'Strongly inspired from idlelib.ColorDelegator.make_pat'.
'Return a list of all of the factory modules.'.
'Returns a byte string in Python 2.
'Predicate for whether a given expression looks like a regular expression.
'Returns the hash ID for the request id.'.
'Instantiate QApplication.'.
'Returns details about the lambda function.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a service certificate
'Called when an operation is complete.
'Upper logout'.
'Compute the signature of a list of parts.
'Extract a tarball from the target.
'Return the line number of the node that is the line starting with.
'Convert a log level to a numeric level.'.
'Emit events after saving the User changes.'.
'Pack an operation and return a Message.'.
'Get the evaluated expression value.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Set the xfs layout of the specified layout DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Convert a set of dates to totals for the baseline.'.
'Returns a boolean whether or not in a list of items in a list.'.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument'.
'Tells if the source is newer than the target.
'Get all instances belonging to a host.'.
'Migrates specific settings for site-specific settings.
'Sign the data for signing request.
'Returns the U ratio of the two strings s1 and s2.
'wait for the VBL backend'.
'Returns the fingerprint of a list of files, given a list of path DCNL files
'Return the full path of a devdev device'.
'Sort tasks by name or priority.'.
'Checks if a field is solenoidal.
'SaleSource edit'.
'Parse the target URL.
'Check if Twitter settings are configured.
'Setup the console logger'.
'Try to get the URL for the given string.
'Return data on the btmp file'.
'Returns `True` if `source` is a flat list.
'Return a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the local timezone-aware datetime object.
'Checks whether user can add translation repository.'.
'Regression test for Pydot_print_profiling and pprint_print
'Convert integer types to an integer.'.
'Sort results by default'.
'Return the percentage of clickable clicks.'.
'Wait for a repository to be snapshots.
'Condetermine conditions for equality'.
'Check to see if the bucket_name is valid in the bucket_name and return
'Return the number of active CPUs.'.
'Stop logging.
'Return etc_hosts information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return stripped tag stripped.'.
'Create a flag object.
'Rescan check for unavailable blocks'.
'Return the widget content'.
'Set the given properties on a computeNode and update it.
'Checks if a user is authorized to access the group. DCNL :param id
'Use Netmiko to connect to the network device'.
'Convert a unicode object to a string.
'create a new paste view.
'Allocate an EIP'.
'Adjust time-delay delta to be a time after a given time.
'Create a new app.
'Find and return an instance of the pattern in text.
'Find the user running this process.'.
'Get the trailing dot.'.
'Awards badges based on the user that a course has been logged in.'.
'.. warning:: DCNL This function is **deprecated** and will be removed in
'Return system information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio
'Enable the service.'.
'Converts a field name to a human-readable model name.
'Skip a fixed value.
'Adds a request to the requests server.'.
'Clones the device configurations and clones it to the target dictionary.
'Validate block metadata'.
'Disallow \'LOG.warn(\' DCNL https://bugs.launchpad.
'Returns the email address for a given user_id.
'Read 32bit integer from bti file.'.
'Detect if we are running in travis.
'The `DEPRECATED` is the deprecated module.
'Given an input string, returns an HTML fragment as a string.
'Decode a DN string.
'Get a bucket from the bucket.'.
'List all available package upgrades on a given minion.
'Generates a ctypes function that returns a double value.'.
'Returns the total seconds of a timedelta object.
'Return a list of all instance profiles.
'Create the constant matrix.
'Queues an opt-in email for an email address.
'Return an iterator of all XML nodes of the given node.
'Redirect to create/create'.
'Get the string representation of a given size.
'Return a list of available roles (keystone user-list) DCNL CLI Example
'>>> get_text_list([\'a\', \'b\', \'c
'Test raw edF data.'.
'Remove artifacts from a version'.
'Broadcast a (a, b) axis.
'Setup the Netatmo platform.'.
'Check if the app hook was deleted'.
'Return a JSON representation of the failed upload failed.'.
'Convert a NumPy array to a numpy array.
'Issue a warning. DCNL .
'Set up the test databases.
'Monitor a pensp list of popenss (protose) tuples of
'Generate a unique file name for the given zone file.'.
'Encrypts a stream using `in_stream`.'.
'Returns context dict for a given revision.'.
'Import and return a module.'.
'Tests retrieving multiple m2m objects using m2m2.'.
'Make a lexic lexer'.
'<string> - creates newegg-egg-computed egg.'.
'Update a location tree for a feature DCNL :param Feature: DCNL :param
'Log a message at the stack trace level.'.
'Load a module from a module.
'Returns a bytestring version of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'enc
'Checks if a password is a valid password.
'Returns a list of Meta schemas as retrieved from the database.
'Generate an icinga2 certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Given a url with authentication components, extract them into a tuple of DCNL username,
'Change the encryption key for a blob.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs using the ORM.'.
'Print a list of orders'.
'Initialize the configured instance URL.'.
'Delete a topic.'.
'Implements Jupyter config file'.
'Returns the maximal clique of the given graph.'.
'Return the hub matrix.
'Runs WSGI middleware in WSGI middleware.'.
'Load all the account types.
'Get a masked string value from a PEP8 encoded string'.
'Extract non-whitespace characters.
'Decrypts the encoded data with the given encoded data.
'Iterate over all tests.'.
'Remove a specific feature from the specified VPN device.
'Convert a queue to a dictionary.
'Parse the first YAML document in a stream DCNL and produce the corresponding
'Deletes non-existing issues in the following order.'.
'Return the path to the installation directory.
'initializer : LBRACE initializer_list RBRACE DCNL | L
'Catch error from file-like object.
'Clear the cache'.
'Unbind a servicegroup to a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Download a file from `url` to the local disk.
'Strip the default value of a default value from the config file.
'Deletes the specified port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch.
'Extract information from a cluster'.
'Check if a module can be imported.
'.
'Returns true the line is the first line of the file.
'Find diffs.'.
'Print current line number in the current stack.
'convert format to numpy format spec'.
'returns name and name variations DCNL (PRIVATE).
'Dummy coinip'.
'Retrieve a date based on the message header.
'Verify that the pkg is present, return the path to pkgin'.
'Close the session object.'.
'Helper method to get combined multiple keywords'.
'sv <series> -- Get last episode of <series>'.
'Check if fname is a valid file.'.
'return columns based on filters'.
'Disable the firewall service.
'Return version information about the version of the package.
'Clean test files'.
'Capture the output of sys.stdout, with captured_stdout and DCNL
'Returns True if the given object is a bucketstore object.
'Run statement under profiler.
'Given a locale (i.e.
'Invalidates the module import cache for the given module.
'Convert an IRI to a URI.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Run test cases.'.
'Get a list of events from the stack.'.
'Try to determine the host of the network.
'Serialize object to pickle.'.
'Return True if settings.modules can be found.
'Convert a url to bytes.
'Truncates a title to a long string.
'Same as find_edge, but in G.
'Helper function to create a log distribution with random samples.'.
'Scan a post commit log line and extract the post form DCNL \'post_sub
'Wrapper for user using social auth.'.
'Register all API routes to the given application.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'A helper function that returns a dict of attribute attributes.
'Delete a repo from an alias DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get the log key for the given match in dictionary.'.
'Simple function to return if host is SmartOS (Illumos) and not it
'.
'Return a Requirement object for a Requirement or string.
'Test whether a path is a mount point'.
'Remove an existing site.
'Parses the value from the given state.
'Refresh the output of available packages'.
'Return True if the given path should be included with the given exclude patterns.
'Require an RPM package to be uninstalled.
'Look up a BlockDeviceBlockDevice by block_id.
'Validate an iterator.'.
'Clears out the logged-out file for a given app file.
'Gets the name of the docker command'.
'Read a chunk from a file and return it.
'Parses fasta seqs from seqs DCNL .
'Check existence of LV file for LDAP device.
'get exit results for a survey.
'Transform the specified language (i.e.
'Encode the input, returning a tuple (output object, length consumed).
'Check if path is a directory that can be installed.
'Returns a list of distributions accessible on the Flocker source file.
'Unban a user.
'Return a single URL (name, name) tuple.
'Get the cubic path by begin and end.'.
'Extract the loop info from the loop info from the loops.'.
'Get a filedescriptor from something which may be a file or a fd
'Get the date of the account.
'Returns true if the user has a given language in the session cookie.'.
'Same behavior as :func:`ask_slice_mode` but with non-
'Make sure the given content is empty.'.
'Set a keyring value DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'[poll] <answer> - checks for a poll.
'create friend'.
'Restores an option value from a renewal config file.'.
'Test an empty history stream.'.
'Returns a group page.
'Return a set of the formset with args and kwargs'.
'Load user from bootstrap info'.
'Returns a set of LUN IDs used for all LUN IDs'.
'Returns the strategy for sharing the current shared space.
'Compute polynomial remainder of ``f`` and ``g``.
'moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using mean DCNL Parameters DCNL distribution : (
'Returns the current git changeset.
'Expands the metadata metadata from the `metadata` dict.
'Helper to add a variable to weight.
'Parse monit\'s status from a given service.
'Initialize database'.
'Displays flag flags for the given addon and flags.'.
'Helper function to send an email.
'Reads a list of temporary networks.
'Asserts the element of the specified path matches the output text DCNL .
'Display missing docs (required)'.
'If the environment variable W3AF_ACTIVITY is set to 1, then
'Grant a privilege on a database.
'Toggle fullscreen status. DCNL .
'Send compute.instance.update notification to report any changes occurred DCNL in that instance
'Find domain names in the domain of a given conf.
'statement : expression'.
'Create a thread. DCNL Arguments: DCNL request: the request to create
'Analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to DCNL show
'Get new repository.'.
'Take a list of (name, value) tuples and yield each item in the
'Only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion.'.
'Generate a index page from the index file.
'Returns the number of votes for an object.
'Bind a floating IP.'.
'Initialize the ansible inventory'.
'Check that sigmoid(s) and returns the value of eps for the
'returns the range of points to a range.'.
'Scenario#65, with comments from lines where the outlines should be commented'.
'Move up or down the stack (no-up) command. DCNL :param
'Creates a new class with the provided parameters.
'Build a test suite.'.
'Return a random minion id.'.
'Converts a list of (name, value) pairs to a dictionary.
'Try to find a Unix socket for the unix socket.
'.
'Create a ZFS storage pool.'.
'Decode a string to the end of a start_index.
'Returns random id values for `n`.'.
'Returns indices of the minimum value along an axis.
'Apply ``e`` to ``e`` and ``e``.
'Return current request object.
'Parse behave JSON as a JSON-compatible model.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Hook to ensure the user authenticated via auth'.
'Generates a non-zero overlapping coincidence matrix.
'Puts thread to sleep threads, returning a list of threads.
'Saves new OTU2 data to export.'.
'Authentication complete view'.
'Take a list of shape and reshape it into a Numpy array.
'Removes line ending characters and returns a tuple: DCNL (line_name,
'Returns a synchronized shared array'.
'Write a string to a fif file.'.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs using the ORMapping'.
'Find the matrix transform between points and points.'.
'.
'Starts an HTTP response.
'Removes tenant access from the tenant.'.
'Make sure the given traceback is the same.
'Validate the configuration and return an ASFT scanner.'.
'Displays a list of themes.
'Generate sample indices.'.
'Parses a patch message.
'Evaluate a model.'.
'Extracts all the results from the given string.
'Returns a neighbor configuration for given ip address if exists.'.
'Add editors resources to the context.'.
'Return a list of variables of `i`.
'Determine if the text contains one or more EOL characters'.
'Retrieve parameters from an HTTP request.
'Returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed.
'Insert twist portions.'.
'Test that theano shared function works as expected'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid global'.
'Generates Legendre polynomial of degree `n`.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return a dictionary containing information about
'Ensures that all of the bloom logs in a list.
'Print connections on switches.'.
'Lock password for specified user.
'Fix some platforms'.
'Get rectangular grid radius.'.
'Convert `filename` to `cache`.
'Accepts a `path` and returns an iterator of all modules.
'Get an int property from the device DCNL .
'Get a template from an ELB.
'setmode(user, mode, text) DCNL :type user: string DC
'Return volume'.
'Bootstrapping the main application.
'Uninstall a pecl file.
'Set the default resolver for the system.
'check and return a comma-separated value DCNL .
'Returns a list of CPU CPU statistics (online) for each node in the DCNL
'Set all module\' __file__ attribute to an absolute path'.
'Returns the list of nodes in a tree'.
'Split a list of bytes into partition parts.
'Determine if the procedure is a procedure block.'.
'Fixture providing a push_dir to a push directory.'.
'return a random color'.
'Find an image by id.'.
'Given the model instance, return a chooser DCNL (i.e.
'Takes a JOSE JOSE JB. DCNL This function is used to
'View a map of map view.'.
'Main test runner'.
'Persist a user id and a backend in the request.
'Create nginx configurator with nginx configuration.'.
'Compile a set of values for the given values.
'Returns the norm of an array.
'Wait for a URL to be removed after a search query.
'Fetches the default secret key for use by AWS application'.
'Get the validation set from the train.'.
'Parses a template from the template string.
'Lists tags.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous DCNL type'.
'Render the static robots.txt.'.
'Set the *x* axis label of the current axis.
'ifstmt : NEWLINE DCNL | LIST_stmt'.
'Returns the standard deviation of *values*.'.
'Check that TPOT\'s media is unique.'.
'Ensures the tool output in the tool output.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Remove random subs from an expression.
'Scan a list of valid examples for use in the gallery.
'Get a configuration object from a host string.'.
'Display information page.'.
'Return whether or not an instance of a class should be included in DCNL an instance
'Remove one or more packages.
'Return the current locale information'.
'Creates an image document'.
'Clears database.'.
'Checks whether user can change dictionary.'.
'Timeze the given clip.'.
'Clean up the DB classes dict.'.
'a base class decorator'.
'Parse a `datetime.datetime` and return a timedelta object DC
'Format master configuration.'.
'Test plotting location coordinates.'.
'Train a trainable model.
'Given a candidate AlbumInfo object, attempt to add the candidate DCNL to the candidate
'command : dimitem'.
'Returns a list of newsions that match the command.'.
'Read the requirements file and return a list of requirements.
'Add a query for the time windowmanager dynamically.'.
'Returns all the package packages.
'Write the rules configuration'.
'Fixture to set the delete_pattern pattern.'.
'run pylint'.
'Common logic for docker.run DCNL .
'Read a file and return the contents.
'Generate a X509 certificate and YAML.'.
'Returns the revision number of the current branch.
'Returns the content of a file.
'Return the script object to use'.
'Helper function to generate a list of station positions, DCNL mapping from the BSON
'Return True if path is a blacklist.'.
'Print out the results from query_results.
'Convert a unicode character.'.
'returns a path to a user\'s exclude file'.
'Construct the URL for a resource provider.
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the current line number.
'Get a list of compute indices.
'Create a set of parameters with zero locator, and change it to something.
'Iterate over a sequence of testfunc and recursively recursively.'.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a
'Normalize GCE facts. DCNL Args: DCNL metadata (dict):
'read 1000 units at a time'.
'Creates a new topic rule.
'Execute Django\'s main application.
'split a list of closed issues into multiple issues'.
'Evaluate a and b.'.
'Return the value of a physical key.
'Parses --help checker'.
'Get the complex polygon by start and end angle.'.
'Recognize the event DCNL .
'Adds a task to the queue'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Return whether `obj` is a scalar or string'.
'Generate a plot of cost data.
'Return an HTML string with an error traceback as a string.
'Create new blocks of 2D by 2D matrix.
'Make sure the qutebrowser does nothing after a test run.'.
'Tests creating a store_fs with a store_path.'.
'Wrap linecache cache and update the original cache.'.
'Test freezing an editable package.'.
'Called when there\'s a signal.
'Set value and default value.
'Generates a QColor from a set of color values DCNL Parameters DCNL h
'Apply a rule down a tree running it.'.
'Check if a server is up.
'Returns True if a character is a chunk.'.
'Parses a synonym and returns a list of synonyms.
'Computes the row scaling of a DCNL s.
'Test to make sure that the last column of a table extractor.
'Return the last modification time of a file DCNL :param path: Path to the
'Parse the output of a template and return it.
'S3 API access to S3 ACL'.
'If the given value is a datetime, convert to an integer.
'Show the standard stdicons dialog'.
'A list of topics in the application.
'Convert cmd output to a list.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Load an item from a cache path.
'Builds and returns a list of resources.
'<user> - gets a search user for <user> with <user>.'
'Default 404 handler. DCNL Templates: :class:`404.html`
'Deletes the specified IPsecPolicy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Set the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h).'.
'Draws the landmarks in the list of landmarks.'.
'Return data to a mysql server'.
'Return the list of all providers that are installed.
'Assert that the navigation link in a page link are valid.'.
'Fake version of os.open.'.
'Returns a random sentence of the given length.
'Test creating chart data source from array-like dicts.'.
'toggle control select bit'.
'Helper function to create an e-g.
'Load the router configuration.
'Compute square-free part of ``f``.
'Elementwise ceil(x) function.'.
'Return True if `obj` is writable'.
'Yields coordinates of the bottom and upper-end coordinates.
'Return True if `address` is a valid IPv4 address.
'Write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file.'.
'Return a native string representation of an object.'.
'Destroy the text buffer.'.
'Returns a list of elements from seqs DCNL >>> empty_n(1)
'Return a copy of coverage environment.'.
'Determines if value is in the given value.
'Run CPU limit'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the version of dpkg as a string.
'Test class labels'.
'Fetches daily hour between two hours.'.
'Get a list of tracks for the given ID.
'Only load this module if vbox is installed'.
'Makes the time between a video.'.
'Return array of 4-dimensional floating-bit integers.
'Return a unique file name for a given path.'.
'A view that returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the default DCNL
'Raise a warning. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DCNL name of
'Renders Markdown text to HTML.
'Convert a timezone aware datetime to a naive datetime.time zone.'
'Parse a string according to the Nate 8-bit date format'.
'Execute the json command and return data as json.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL - More than the following
'Replaces all XML characters with one element.
'Exclude validation results from data to use in debugging.'.
'Get an instrumented instrument.
'Kills matching containers.'.
'Convert length to text'.
'Check that heli can be present with heli or heli coordinates.'.
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Split an API version into two parts.
'Clean up database'.
'CM REQUEST Section 9.1.13'.
'Create the Network instance.
'make choices as a dictionary'.
'Creates an API client for use with the given API.
'Make sure that an email address has changed in a change of emails'.
'Initialize resource manager instances.'.
'Helper function to check if label flags has a level set.
'Create an image object for the given user.
'Helper function to verify the password against the given user\'s password DCNL and the
'Get new repository.'.
'Output the header of the given text.'.
'Returns the current language, or the current thread.'.
'Returns a shell-escapes for LDAP.
'Start watching revisions for a locale change.'.
'Determine the robot home directory.
'Tests that all units are updated before and increasing order'.
'Fix rstatus for the service.
'A simple view that returns a HttpResponse.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Find an executable file based on `path`'.
'Run a command in parallel mode.
'support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs'.
'Returns the complex polynomials in order.
'Pad the string length to a block of block_size'.
'Test whether a path is a device.'.
'Computes the skew of the given list of values.'.
'Try to get the valid cwd from cwd'.
'Convert a \'key\' to a string.'.
'Test the plugin only available categories.'.
'Regression test for https.
'Find and return bootable volumes based on a server.'.
'Return a symbolic variable.
'Creates a autostart server'.
'Convert percentage to Home Assistant temperature units.'.
'Extract parameters from a function\'s parameters.
'Perform a list of features into a train of features.
'Generate the recommendations dict for the giventopic.
'Checks that there are any number of fields in `expand_search` and
'Expands metadata links to a list of dimension names.
'A subscript literal'.
'Extract information from a stack traceback.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Notify a member add entry'.
'Uses hide-supports.'.
'Upload a file to server.
'Check intersections of spherical separation objects.'.
'Creates a HTTP request.
'Clean up database tables.
'Consume the size of an iterator.
'Returns the global webapp object that has been merged into.
'Check roundtrip to int images using format.'.
'Reboot the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return True if a given name exists in context'.
'Creates an ElementTree element, either a unicode or an element-like object
'Validate the specified throttle.'.
'Return a new status line'.
'Aborts execution and causes a redirect.'.
'Setup Tellstick sensors.'.
'Create a backup.'.
'Get the arc distance from the split location.'.
'Grab image.'.
'Populate the popen process.
'Retrieves the default value for the object.
'Returns a dictionary with an exploration summary domain object.
'Creates a client for making cloudcdn.
'Warnings about the AstropyErrors.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type container_id: str DCNL :
'Serialize Python object into a string.'.
'Convert a numpy mode to a VM name.
'Write the differences between two objects in the tree.
'Convert a list of (x, b) tuples to a byte string (
'Convert a \'prob\' node to a softmax activation function.
'`True` if SAML file contains comma-separated key.
'Checks that a generic role is within a generic role.'.
'Create an XML component.'.
'Encode a pair. DCNL .
'Wrapper for system_stats_stats which will return the system statistics for DCNL
'Updates the followers of a user.'.
'Convert a list of dict dashes into a dictionary.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'test gradient of a function using b.b'.
'Fast FASTQ to QUAL conversion (PRIVATE).
'Updates the metadata for the given question.
'Returns a unique id for the given HTTP response.
'Returns a list of network interfaces on the device.
'Parse an HTML page and return an error object'.
'Create a new user.
'Returns the absolute path to ``path``.
'Return True if the module does not exist.
'Notifies the two tpps.tps.
'Convert a model to fit parameters.
'Ticket edit'.
'Analyze the example function.'.
'Reset template info cache.
'Wrapper for _match_expr.'.
'Test finding EOG events.'.
'Search for fonts in the specified font directory.
'Produces a summary of an item.
'The main function.'.
'This isolates an isolating interval between the given algorithm.
'Set the factory to be used when instantiating a log record.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Computes the distance between two strings.
'Check if value is a non-odd.'.
'Convert from polar to spherical coordinates.
'Double hex encoding method. DCNL >>> double_encode("Hola-bit
'Get a lexer for the given mime.
'Move back the character.'.
'Returns a default initializer for the input_size of input_size.'.
'Decorator to skip test if a list of commands are found.
'Return the mean of the expected energy at the given h.'.
'Return a datetime object from a string in the format YYYYMMDD.
'Ask for bounds'.
'Unpack a temporary archive.'.
'Test next item raise an error.'.
'Create event on Windows event.'.
'Returns a list of targets for a build file.
'Make a square image with the specified source.
'Given a path, return the absolute version of the absolute path.
'Checks to see if an existing item is changed.
'Join a user (host, port).
'Load the configuration for a Python compiler.
'Return the data from the HTTP file.'.
'Only load the module if qemu-img is installed'.
'yaml: label DCNL A string parameter.
'Make sure that two model classes have the same model class'.
'Return the available version of the named package available.
'Defines the default opt_scope argument scope.
'Print a colorized text.
'Checks whether the given package is unsafe.
'Gets the filesystem label for a test case.
'Runs the web server.'.
'Return an iterator of entrypoints for the given namespace.
'Extracts values from a dictionary\'s keys.
'Formats the given node text.'.
'Binary crossentropy between the target and a target tensor.
'Setup the Insteon local lights.'.
'Calculate the logistic function for the given value.
'_shell_escape() -> shell_escape()'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return a dict containing the data
'fit distribution of distribution parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL distr : DCNL sample:
'Test a reshape configuration.'.
'This function can be used for testing collection types.
'Return a dict of all md5 files on the current device DCNL CLI Example:
'Gets the breadcrumb trail for the given page.
'Reads a random integer of approximately nbits bits.
'Load settings from a file.
'Returns an individual that does the best on the fitness cases when DCNL considered one at
'Convert a path to its canonical form'.
'Convert value to a float.
'Return an instance of the EBS volume.'.
'Get the media player instance. DCNL .
'Gets the instance for a given model.
'Setup the cluster DCNL nodes DCNL nodes DCNL The number of nodes to be
'Create headers for all requests to be sent.
'Delete a column (or columns) from a grid.
'Scans all plugins in the setup_providers.
'Gets the user settings for a given username.
'Combine a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Check for invalid qos spec.'.
'Generate a list of int indices.'.
'>>> block_except(True) DCNL [0, 0, 2, 0
'Returns the most common value in `array_value` DCNL Parameters DCNL n
'Add version of the context.'.
'Test that running system_environment overrides a custom environment variable.'.
'Checks if there are any conflicting entries in a dict.'.
'Compare two lists of arrays.'.
'Load markdown from a file.
'Write hexadecimal characters to a terminal string.
'Temporarily disable console.
'Test PackageFinder prefers no egg-related egg-links'.
'Determine the default rc params for rc params.'.
'Runs Markdown over a given value, optionally using various DCNL extensions python-
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an abstract
'Extract the passwd digest from the auth module'.
'Rtr(x, x) -> 64-bit unsigned 64.
'Get the current compiler.
'Returns set of words from dictionary'.
'Aux function.'.
'Compute the square square of ``p``.
'Get a L{LM}.
'Extend a list of spans to be extended.
'Return a :class:`True` if the given port is already available.
'Test error on filepaths'.
'Step 5a strips suffix -l if preceded by a vowel-consonant,
'Ask for a file and return the open file.
'Require a uri with an unquoted URI.'.
'Convenience function to get the metrics record for a domain object.'.
'initialise module'.
'Get loop convex polygon.'.
'Check for \'TODO()\'. DCNL HACKING guide recommendation for
'Create an image tag.'.
'Find fiducials in a given subject directory.'.
'Gets a task label.'.
'Decode a BSON document.'.
'Notify an event'.
'Returns a list of the dictionaries corresponding to the given DCNL input_key and
'Extract the match type.'.
'Apply bessel function to the given data.
'Check whether the master is a master node, or not a master.'.
'Reboot the specified host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'expression_opt : empty'.
'Helper function to format the \'allowed\' rule section into a list'.
'Checks whether user can lock.'.
'Setup the Insteon switch switch.'.
'Converts a datetime object to a wx timestamp'.
'Take a list of all subimages and return a list of top-level images DC
'Test installing a wheel from a previous build dir'.
'(*name) -> [\'a\')'.
'Delete specified volume type.'.
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Step that always fails, mostly needed in examples.'.
'Return a list of installed packages.'.
'Returns a list of all exploration ids of the given user_id.
'Compute nt complex zeros of sine Fresnel integrals.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value DC
'direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator
'Thin wrapper around shell_check.run() DCNL Args: DCNL
'Internal, removes an interface from a bridge'.
'Pushes a topic.'.
'Check if name is a tar file, returns True if it\'s a tar file
'Test Maxwell filter.'.
'Send email notification after new email.'.
'Checks to see if the given device exists.
'Check if a series exists in an episode of series.
'Test rotation functionality.'.
'Validate a schema against a given filename.
'Hyperbolic cosine of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the series
'Get a location for the application.'.
'Decode the given data structure to unicode.
'Yield services that belong to an instance id.
'Recursively check the list of warnings in the given path.
'Test GpuAdvancedIncSubtensor1 on GpuAdvancedIncSubtensor
'Convert xy coordinates to xy.'.
'Get the outer loops list.'.
'Test to make sure AWS access key from AWS credentials DCNL :param aws_
'Only load if SSL is enabled'.
'Return the link id from the provided link'.
'Converts binary representation into a VLAN type.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Annotate the text at the given text.'.
'Get the context of a model.
'Fetch image from image storage based on the image type.
'Rectified Linear Unit function.
'Returns translated translations for a type.
'Guess the field type for a given field, if it\'s possible.
'Initialize the bind completion model.'.
'Try to find an open certificate file for the current OS.
'Return a colormap for a specified name'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return the location of the CA
'Extracts the id from a file path.'.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL form for
'Return a search object for a specified review request.
'Parses the resource_manager output from a resource_editor.
'Make a compensation for each coil.
'Converts newlines into newline breaks'.
'Supports the command-line arguments listed below.'.
'Converts an integer into a string of bytes.
'Save memory usage (if available)'.
'Performs the complete linkage on a condensed distance matrix.
'Set the mode for a set of parameters.
'Returns a list of lines with the given name.'.
'Language: PT-BR -> Feature.from_string'.
'Displays a message detail of a user.
'Verify that entry_points map is valid'.
'Test cloning from svn.'.
'Updates the first_task event on the project\'s path.
'Add a file handler to the default.'.
'Returns a list of the DROP TABLE SQL, then the CREATE TABLE SQL,
'Join two or more path components together.
'For every worker in the process, create a worker'.
'Rename a process.'.
'Connect to the database.
'Unzip a file to a directory DCNL Args: DCNL archive (str
'Writes the contents of a file to a user\'s incrontab DCNL
'Read the deconv4 data from h5 file.
'Output the graph for HTML.
'Returns a date formatted as a string.
'Convert non-central to cumulative metric.
'Installs the SSL_ssl_cert_conf file if it exists'.
'A helper to set the cache.'.
'This function will be called when logging an exception.'.
'Decode the Series encoded string in the Series format.
'Retrieve the content of a file from the given URL'.
'Sets up an enterprise URL.'.
'Test whether a string is an int or int.'.
'Convert a row in a polygon (e.g.
'Convert string to utf-8, if possible.
'Return a dict of all the sizes in the cloud provider.
'Decodes an RFC-12222 compliant date string.'.
'Delete a qos_specs. DCNL :param qos_specs
'Unzip the file from the given document'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Adds common options for the command line.'.
'Language: fr -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'Create HTTPS certificates and SSL certificates.
'Convenience function to create a URL for the query parameters.
'Convert a path to a canonical path.'.
'Converts an entity to a reference key.
'Default callback for zip files.'.
'Return a list of meters by project.
'Loads a Python source file and returns a dict.
'Get file types from the file system.
'Context manager to temporarily disable updates for a widget.'.
'Add bottom loop to loops.'.
'Setup the OctoPrint sensor.'.
'Coerce a naive datetime to a naive datetime.
'Runs a WSGI-function with a FastCGI server.'.
'Retrieve the tpp class from the given temporal impimp.
'Loads the MNIST images from the magic number of images.
'check to make sure set_linestyle works properly'.
'Expected simple_two_params __doc__'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'Fixture providing a prompt tool.'.
'Delete a draft from the remote backend.'.
'Test classification prior'.
'Deletes cache with the given URL.'.
'Return the currently active context.
'Add a point to a pixel dictionary.'.
'Parse input value for add/param args to a list.
'Concatenate a list of rows into a single string.
'Most recent changes.'.
'Collapse a list of IP objects.
'Return server version from nftools DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Error handler that redirects to the permission list.'.
'Test systemd only if the SystemState is in a systemd state'.
'Require the list of authorized public keys.'.
'Return a list of all job ids on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Check if all files in the given user has been modified.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Make sure that the input_context is set correctly.'.
'Check if pyconfig has been changed.'.
'Corrects metadata.'.
'No changes to the image properties table from 008...'.
'List VMs that are on the provider'.
'Wrapper around :func:`Raises_warnings` if not specified,
'Quote shell syntax for shell usage.
'Write a merge cell.'.
'Setup an EnOcean Light platform.'.
'Checks that all modules are available.
'Validate that the username has been sent.
'Hilde to make sure that the inverse of matrices are normalized.
'Remove any file in the specified mtime paths that match the given mtime.'.
'Install a Flocker Docker plugin.
'Create the expected data for the given cluster, based on the start of DCNL tu
'Read a cache entry. DCNL :param f: File-like object DCNL
'Returns a ``SortedDict`` containing form fields for the given model.
'Take a dictionary of key/value pairs and expand it into a dictionary.
'Return the configuration items in the minion DCNL .
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``id {SON
'Builds the traversal spec.'.
'Rate of change Percentage'.
'Emit a peer.
'create a base class from the given name and type'.
'View a thread.'.
'Raise an OAuthError if error_service doesn\'t exist.
'Remove "package" on the ssh server DCNL .
'Return the directory root directory.'.
'Construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value DCNL (number of
'Send email confirmation.'.
'Get logical line ending with logical lines.'.
'Called when settings are saved correctly.'.
'Tests the WCS from a pixel coordinates'.
'Insert common paths in sys.path and opts.
'Convert a JSON table to the native object.
'Returns the Jinja2 environment.'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is the result of calling request. DCNL :
'Test sparktext'.
'pitem : expr'.
'Generate all the template field functions.'.
'Validate tag preferences.
'>>> cascaded_cmp_with_partial_constant_constant(a
'Serve the contents of a file from the git tree'.
'Change the username for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Authorizes a user to authorization'.
'Convert a string to a unicode object.
'Compile multiple source files.
'A context manager that creates a script that can be run with a given name DCNL
'Update an attachment record.
'Returns True if dev in dev2m2.
'Closes the swift thrift connection'.
'Parse a git patch.
'Get vonoronoi loop.'.
'Print a list of service.
'Test the validate path object'.
'Get the Evennia version.
'Task that wraps the i.e.
'label_statement : LBRACE'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Called when the doctype is present'.
'PAGING REQUEST Section 9.1.2'.
'Tests locale settings can be set from language'.
'Show a diff between two commits.'.
'Check if two DN names are equal.
'Require an Apache module.
'Return string identifying the platform.
'inverse of the inverse Fourier transform.
'Check that SVM is compatible with simple SVC.'.
'wait_for_pid is a valid pid for the specified pid_dir DCNL
'Extracts the last dashboard statistics for a user.
'Get text formatter'.
'Create a new bookmark collection.
'Test the grad function'.
'Send a message to a specific recipient DCNL .
'Convenience function to display the size of a set of images DCNL Parameters DC
'Start an AMQP queue on a host and firequeue.'.
'Open the firewalld database for the given service.
'True if path is an empty directory'.
'Return the marketing URL to use in configuration.'.
'A simple success function.'.
'Add a user to the course granted for a user.'.
'Retrieve the hash from the sqlite3 database and return the results DCNL of
'Run the config file.'.
'Look up a parameter in a string'.
'Return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr
'Queries the branch for the current branch.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Delete an image from the docker
'Update quota class.'.
'Uses get() to return an object.
'Return the version of ceph. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return all roots of ``base_path`` which match the base paths.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the ratio
'Writes the stored password to the shared storage file.'.
'Test adding a package to a submodules.'.
'Parse usage of free unallocated space.
'Mock post_secure method to update data to Software Secure.'.
'Method to encode a Banana.
'List all bridges in the bridge DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the current system username.
'Split a pathname into a directory and its name.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Detects logos in the file.'.
'Tests to see if we can connect to a socket.
'Generates gradient gradients for a given surface.'.
'Return an uninstalling the Flocker package.
'LOCATION UPDATING REJECT Section 9.2.18'.
'Return current process object.
'Convert an image id to a glance id.'.
'Loads the environment and parses the environment.
'Send message to stream'.
'Remove all folders from the given path.
'Extract and validate the allocations from the body.
'Returns a string identifying the Python compiler.
'Push a `dt` to the future future.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Displays whether remote events are enabled on the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get the last zeros, which should be in the line.'.
'Encrypt text with an ssh public key.
'Ignore specific headers.
'Aborts execution of the given status.'.
'Sign a user. DCNL .
'Sets the configuration parameters for the SDM system.
'Updates unit index.'.
'Create all plugins.'.
'tests if softmax_crossentropy is used by gyp.
'Generate a sha version of the builtins.
'Load the web backend.'.
'Verify that *subtuple* contains a dictionary of subsets.
'Set the active log format for the specified server'.
'Converts mpl symbols into a string.'.
'Invenience function for updating the pending versions of a DCNL version to ensure that
'Logs an error if there is no copyright at the file.'.
'Thread main loop.'.
'returns the class of node1 to local classes'.
'Returns all fieldset values defined in the request.
'Given a credentials object, return an HTTP Auth authorization'.
'A feature processor to add an etag to a response.
'Fire the job execution of a job.
'Return a pair with the keys from the provided dict.
'Returns a list of the package files that contain data.
'Define java_fat_library target.'.
'Makes the active translation object a NullTranslations() instance.
'Convert color to RGB tuple'.
'Returns a properly formatted response body.
'Returns the minimum score for the list of integers.
'Return a list of word relationships for the given relationship.
'Delete a task.
'Return the size of the entry for the specified set type.'.
'Returns True if the given text has an AJAX tag.'.
'Parses schema fields for resource.
'Returns a unicode object as a string'.
'Returns session config object.'.
'Convert a format name to Qemu.'.
'Cleans assets assets.'.
'Return the allowed config keys.'.
'Get a Unicode stream of the Windows console output.
'Synchronize all email addresses.'.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\'.
'Get tags from the instance.
'Load a wx image from a PIL image.
'Invalidates the compiler module cache in the \'star\' module.
'Get the number of devices connected to the device.
'Check if the symlink is OK'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Bump the release.'.
'Configure mappers.
'Invert an image.
'Verify that the verified view has been verified'.
'Return source with specified source.
'Returns whether the given array is a Sparse array'.
'Return True if the named service is enabled, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Similar to queue_tabnav, but for themes.'.
'Update search metrics.'.
'Extract the block sizes from the dev command'.
'Install and configure the firewall rules.
'Create a unique variable'.
'Iterate over modules and import modules.'.
'Transforms a block device name into a dict.'.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
'Generate error count for variable types.
'Return extension.'.
'Return True if the value is True, False otherwise.'.
'Convert gray coding to gray coding'.
'Constructs a descriptor object for tests.
'Add paths to the cdons environment'.
'Check to see if an object has the correct permissions.
'Convert size bytes into human-readable format.'.
'Provide a `Meta.Metadata` for all tests that come from DCNL
'Set DNS configuration for network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Gets the name of the user for this application.
'Tries to determine the best content type for the request.
'Convert a pandas datetime to the epoch.'.
'Return True if the two crypto variables are equal.
'Prompt the user for each variable in the given options.
'Parse the TCP line into a dict'.
'Returns the HDA generator and the key specified by the HDAlgorithm.
'Return an encryption object for the given secret.
'Deletes the current environment'.
'Determine a User-Agent string to be used for signing.'.
'Rebuild the KB revisions'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues
'Generate random text of random text.'.
'Setup sudoers for bench users'.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.
'Main entry-point for github.
'Formats the variable according to the arg.
'Returns test file name'.
'Return the average weight for a graph DCNL Parameters DCNL path : network_length
'Select the entry point of the xmodule points'.
'Extracts a thumbnail from a byte string'.
'Display the main loop.'.
'Process an incrpc response.'.
'Returns a formatted quote from a nick, random or nick'.
'Evaluates a L{Deferred} object.'.
'Test gl context.'.
'Returns a list of seqs (id, seq) for each primer sequence DCNL
'Given a list of strings, returns a mapping of language names to their DCNL language
'[text] <text> -- Makes <text> from <text>.'.
'Convert a rwx-style mode to rw.
'Sync create groups.'.
'Determine whether the file specified in `h`.
'Create a role (keystone role-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL
'Return True if *obj* is writable'.
'Create a soft-separated soft layer in softmax layer DCNL with softmax
'Discover the discover devices.'.
'Handles post processing for a group of project.
'Log and raise an error with a given expected value.'.
'Return a function by name.
'Removes a service.'.
'Sets the plugin options used by the plugin.
'Get new layers.'.
'Fill some sample data in a single sample object.'.
'Get the attribute value.'.
'Convert PNG images into PNG format.'.
'Test if an ndarray is a copy of the matrix as input a DCNL
'Initialize the linter in this checker'.
'Return a list of servers to use as a list of servers.
'Modify an existing profile.
'Gets the authenticated user\'s model instance.
'Uploads the app back to the filesystem.
'Add test result to the test suite.'.
'Context manager for launching a subsystem.
'Lock an emulator DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :rtype: str DCNL :rtype
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return data for a key DC
'Delete an image property'.
'Deletes a logger.'.
'Remove ANSI color codes from text.
'Shorthand for tuple(list) DCNL >>> shapelist(a,
'Verify that the given host is valid.
'Sets the data directory for configuration files.
'Set the screen DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Checks the version to see if
'This function is called at bootstrap.
'Start a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Migrate task message.'.
'Make plugin available.'.
'Main entry point for django startup.
'Test installing from a "pip" installer'.
'Get the maximum distance from a path to a list of paths.'.
'Colorize differences between two values.
'get the location of the icon.'.
'Show an error message'.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs using query'.
'Convert a string in binary form to binary string. DCNL :param s:
'Grab the job lock and call RunOnce if acquired.
'Given a list of topics, return a set of top_ids representing the DCNL
'Merge new items into new_items.
'Convert rgb to hsv'.
'Initialize a test suite.'.
'Test formatting of the config file'.
'Locate a path into a list of directories.
'Display a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get flavor by id.'.
'This converts a string into a JSON-encoded string.'.
'Test installing a broken wheel'.
'Add a user to the group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return a dictionary containing the CPU times as per cpu.
'Return details about all clusters.
'TODO: DCNL https://github.com/astropy/en-
'Sanity check for config option.'.
'Get and display resources.'.
'View that handles a password change.'.
'Validate the methods of a plugin.
'Set the container.'.
'Generate a CSR request.
'Returns the system ID for the given release name.
'Collect all datasets from the deployment.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Returns the given JSON object from the given JSON string and DCNL python data returned from
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the state of a package
'Try to load a function by name.
'Convert a text string to unicode.
'This function is used to set our custom theme settings.
'Decode a JSON file into a python object.'.
'Returns an optional value from a given tuple of args.
'Given a board, return the vote address.
'Execute the test suite'.
'Determine the disk bus for a disk device.
'Setup the chess switch.'.
'Creates a widget object for the given module name.
'Pretty-print a string that can be used as a nested dict.'.
'Elementwise hyperbolic tangent function.
'Simple function that prints a matrix ascii matrix.
'Replace named groups with ``name`` groups.
'.
'Get helix path.'.
'Check if a module is loaded'.
'call a function with an expression.
'Return True if ip is temporary'.
'Get a role by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of source
'Returns first item in func(iterable) for the given function.'.
'Create a ``Version`` object from a ``Version``.
'Given a filename, return None if the path does not exist.'.
'Execute a runner command DCNL .
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e.
'Iterate over all posts in seq.
'Get the profile objects. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which
'Verify that CUDA is available.
'get all the objects and return it as a dictionary'.
'Maximum value over a specified period'.
'Generate a random identity value.
'Helper to get a session'.
'.
'Return the enabled quotas.'.
'Convenience function to create a VFW output.
'Creates a nameserver DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Raise an attribute if it does not exist.'.
'Return a hash of the given content.'.
'Reads a file, returning the contents.'.
'Test the reset argument.'.
'Extracts the argument spec from the retry module spec.
'Return the number of common elements in a given sequence. DCNL Parameters DCNL obj
'unary_expression : additive_expression'.
'Saves a model to db.
'Given a Resource object, returns a ad-in dict'.
'Create network interface with simple interfaces'.
'loglike multivariate normal DCNL assumes x is 1d, (nobs,)
'Return the top k elements in a sequence'.
'Make sure the compare_compare is setup.'.
'Build a query to a datastore.
'Return info on all groups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Checks that the given api_version is available.
'Computes minimum of multivariate copula.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Parse an HTTP header.
'Search for lxc-bridge bridges DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Raises an exception if the given exception is an exception.'.
'Toggle watching a document for edits.'.
'Return True if we\'re running under a virtualenv.'.
'A helper function for parsing HTML output'.
'Test mesh arrays.'.
'Given a path to a directory path, return an absolute path.
'Loads out the inventory.
'Compute bounding targets for an overlaps.'.
'Format a value as a string or a float or None.'.
'Set a media by name.
'Encoder using base64.
'*musicpd.org, music database section:* DCNL ``musicpd {
'Convert parameters to a dictionary of parameters.
'Create a Docker client.
'Validate number trials.'.
'Returns true if the profile needs to be included in the profile.
'Knowledge folder delete'.
'Try to decode a cookie.
'A demonstration of the gramm parser.'.
'Recursively iterate over test cases.'.
'Return the current FTP protocol.'.
'Given a index, delete all documents from a search index.
'Check for \'logit\' with no audit log.
'Test default usage option'.
'Generate the mtime map from the given file_path'.
'Return a list of skipped test modules.
'Copy all stat info from a file\'s modification times.'.
'Format the zone configuration'.
'The index page.'.
'Download the data from Yann\'s website, unless it\'s already here.'
'Normalize a URI in a URI string.
'Return a list of colors names.'.
'Return the lowercase whitespace.
'Tests to ensure hug\'s chain_type works as expected'.
'Assign a sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Generate distros based on all supported probes.'.
'Add a service to a module.
'Implement ``func`` to stderr.'.
'Returns an iterable of all rising items from the sites.
'Create and return a credential provider instance.
'Gets the field name for the given profile model.
'Strips the variant variables from an address.
'Turns a language name (en-us) into a locale name (en_
'Fixes the local number of reviewers that have to be added.
'A decorator to validate a ``Task`` object.
'Tests that we don\'t rendered correctly'.
'Parse an IMAP4 INTERNALDATE string.'.
'Accepts out the request from the environment DCNL :param request: DCNL :
'Remove senderkey from senderkey.'.
'Merge two MROs into a list of sequences'.
'Convert a ndarray to a 2D tensor'.
'usage: lx download-layers [str] - lx download_files
'Given a URL, remove the version from the database.
'Send notification after order purchase'.
'Verify that the filename is valid.
'Install the plugin. DCNL :param app: Sphinx application context.'.
'Temporarily change warnings the warnings module.'.
'Encode unicode_data for use as XML or HTML.
'True if the string s is positive (positive or negative).'.
'Set the computer time.
'Parse all repos and return a list of repo objects.
'Checks if we are running under local environment.
'Get all users. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which the
'Try to get the Linux version name for Linux.
'Cleanup user'.
'Flatten dictionary. DCNL :param key: dictionary DCNL :param key:
'Return the full URL of the profile for the image.'.
'Returns a new dictionary with keys swapped.
'Tries to match dict keys.
'.
'Calculate chunks of afftuple in an array'.
'Get a value from a file.
'Remove the named user from the daemon.
'Returns True if the given group_id is effective group_name'.
'Validate that a event returns True'.
'Gets all messages from a given `app/server.py` files.'.
'Transpose an array inplace.
'Returns a cache key for the given view type.'.
'Prompts the user for a cookie and returns a list of cookies.
'Parses a machine\'s number, and returns it as a string.
'Returns a range of integers.'.
'Get a style value.'.
'command : LET LET variable EQUALS expression'.
'Get a role description.'.
'Record the usage of a ratelimit.
'Moves the tables in the specified source manager.'.
'Raise TestError if a == b is False.
'Return server version from lxml.
'Test copy.'.
'Return square-free part of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]
'Return the name of the package for a distribution.
'Convert path to lowercase.
'Cancel a credit card.
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Create a lock on the given name.
'Expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Prints the exit message.'.
'Test PackageFinder detects latest installed if already installed.
'Set the diskname.
'Retrieves the state flags from the system and returns DCNL a list of systemd
'Compute the IQR for a discrete sequence of values.
'This is a stub function, returning True/False'.
'Get a list of values from the collection.
'Prepare the SSH key for debian.
'This method converts a torrent to a JSON dict.
'Compute a percentile of the chunks of a q.
'Checks if a list is sorted by ascending order.
'Run a server checker.'.
'Returns validator for the given name.
'Helper function to retrieve user credentials'.
'Returns the VTK version'.
'Cast a value to a positive integer.
'Setup the KNXX tunnel.'.
'Builds Reduction-B block.'.
'Gets the zone for the given domain name.'.
'.
'Returns a list of design strings.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Create the MySQL database.'.
'Compute the entropy of a frame'.
'Process the xml element by the manipulationFunction.'.
'Get the current timeout of the given scheme DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Remove a file or directory'.
'Validates a value.'.
'For functions that return a c_void pointer that returns a ctypes function.'.
'Parses the reads that are between the data and reads.
'Creates a client for CloudMonitor monitoring.'.
'Find a health check on the specified service.
'Generate test files with a given source file.'.
'Kills a received flow. DCNL Args: DCNL session_id:
'Get the version data for a URL.
'Returns a \'UserToken\' token for the platform.
'Returns (t, repeat) of format string.'.
'Convenience function for returning a content topic object.
'Build a graph from the list of files DCNL Parameters DCNL filenames :
'Connect to Facebook. DCNL Example: DCNL .
'Run x11 on a node.
'Round a number to an unsigned number of digits.
'Determine if the given distribution is an Ubuntu-style kernel.
'Returns the critical status for a given unit.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``playlistinfo
'Normalize the median of columns to be displayed by the median.
'Install addon requirements.'.
'Loads a new application object from a file.
'Configure a cloudpipe on the specified host.'.
'This function constructs an object holding a timestamp value.
'Get a list of tracks for an ID.'.
'Check IP whitelist and blacklist'.
'Checks if the driver is compatible with the given interface and host.'.
'Test an ASCII-only string.'.
'Retrieve the cache for a session.'.
'.
'Execute the given rpc.
'Use the oslogger to prevent logging.'.
'Uninstall an upgrade from a URL.'.
'Filters out non-release strings and returns True if bad releases are still valid DC
'Return the image object to use'.
'Returns all series matching normalized_name'.
'Given a master, find and, return (1,2,2,2)
'Returns True if expression is square root of a sqrt sqrt.'.
'Converts a parsed URL into a dictionary with the given URL.
'Generate the gallery reStructuredText for an example directory'.
'Return a list of files which are considered to use in the given backup.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is negative.
'Returns a list of basing polynomials in `G`.
'Removes all cached errors.
'A newline literal'.
'Return the rendered image as a string.
'Update an element with a default style dictionary.
'Emit analytics events.'.
'Get installer for a given module.
'Fetch the current location for the context.
'Blob. DCNL Parameters DCNL a : array-like object DCNL from
'Return the python module attributes for the given object.'.
'Return all the full name of the items in the database DCNL .
'Test the format of the default behavior of the format'.
'Return list of mismatches.
'Load OpenSSL certificate.'.
'List snapshots associated with the given domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Get the names and default values of a function\'s arguments.
'Retrieve roles for a user'.
'This function is primarily for testing the setup.
'.
'Compute square root of input.
'Return appropriate accessions from the user'.
'Returns an absolute number for a show episode DCNL :param show: Show object DC
'Return the storage repository.'.
'Export all languages in json format'.
'Updates all the licenses in the server.
'Account view'.
'Derivative of polynomial derivative'.
'Return the orientation value for the given image object.
'Cursively cancel a primitive.'.
'Swap memory usage information DCNL .
'Update the SSL configuration'.
'Extract the shortname from the given URI.'.
'Execute the cli command DCNL .
'Replace uuid_UUIDs.'.
'Ensure that all registered handlers are supported, this function is not enabled.
'Given a path to a kernel, try to find the kernel.
'Creates a socket socket.
'Loads the data and returns a Dataset class instance.
'Create a file at the given path.
'Parses a dss file from a pdb file.
'Fetches multi_objective function. DCNL .
'Returns a user-defined secrets manager.'.
'Parse a key-value pair from a comma-separated key.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.
'returns a (size, size) array of integers'.
'Translates a matrix into a (x, y).'.
'Rename an existing key.
'If filename is specified, start the view of a file.
'A simple test suite for testing'.
'Convert hexadecimal to 256'.
'Decode a hex address.
'Marks a class as an instance of a class.
'Display the dialog.'.
'Return the disk size in MB DCNL :param str swap_size: Linode
'Main method for cleaning up OVS bridges.
'For a report store, generate a report to HTML report.
'Checks if an octet header has a byte set.
'Evaluate the average of feed_dict.
'Return the difference between a function and a set of sympy.
'Consume the latest version of the latest release if necessary.'.
'Mocks the client to mime client.'.
'Create a CloudZip pipe.'.
'Creates any folders that are missing and assigns them the permissions of their DCNL parents
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a storage_conn object
'The main page'.
'Handle last modified activity for a given user.'.
'Find a request layer based on the configuration.
'*musicpd.org, current duration section:* DCNL ``cleldf
'Write data to disk.
'Generate a new random asset metadata for a particular type.'.
'Perform the analysis of a given binary image'.
'Return the number of followers of a user. DCNL :param id: the id
'User view'.
'Register all collector collectors in the database.'.
'Loads a module and recursively into a module.'.
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong NN object'.
'Return the authentication credentials'.
'Returns a list with items matching an item.
'Return True if the namespace is visible in this context.'.
'Get the height grid from the start line.'.
'Divide two linear operators.
'Returns a directory listing all directories on the given path.
'Sets the local timezone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns a string containing the bug reports.'.
'Press the previous window if necessary.'.
'Divide a tuple of n.
'Gets the revision number from a file.
'Use Pexpect to retrieve the output with the given ip exxpect.'.
'Construct a function that returns a TrackInfo instance for a task.
'Helper for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.'.
'Makes the file system'.
'Return a list of files in a given path.'.
'Verify that the list of domains are valid.
'Verify that obj is unique.
'Gets all virtual interfaces for instance. DCNL :param instance_uuid:
'Check that service client names are consistent.
'Return the absolute path for the given base path.
'Returns a JSON object containing the queryset.
'Checks if download_dir does not change in order to complete'.
'Find disk device path based on VM'.
'Encodes images into a model'.
'Concatenate url with optional arguments'.
'Returns the login status for a token.
'Assign a random topic to the specified resource.
'Install RVM on boot'.
'Write a local device to disk.
'Pair cage'.
'(6) Test with decorator'.
'Affine transformation + point-wise nonlinearity'.
'Generate a project list, generate a file listing.'.
'Get the tagname of an element, if any.'.
'Create a filter object.'.
'Create a QAction.'.
'Returns index of the index of a and b.'.
'Return JSON with signed request data.
'Merge *old* dicts into *old* dicts*.
'Produces a result from the given object and return the results.'.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Return the edges from the graph list.
'Checks if the provided image is available for the specified image.
'Patches an exploration document with the given search index.
'Control for previous history deletion, if previous line is not been read.'.
'Returns a list of matching locations'.
'Return an icosa of the desired grade, including a single surface of the DCNL
'Create log locator with change_locator, and change it to something else.
'Split a subtext into a multi-key.
'Return the base64 encoded hash of a SHA-256 string. DCNL .
'Worker thread that handles TCP buffers.
'Starts tokens from a stream.'.
'Images resource factory method'.
'Returns all set of pages sorted by page'.
'Checks if the document has permission for the given doc type.
'Extend a query with a list of two-tuples.'.
'Flip a number of bytes at a given string.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode path.
'Deletes the network with number of network inputs.
'Return a list of paths from an item.
'Summarize a string using stderr'.
'Returns the path to a migration directory.'.
'Test to make sure embedding videos correctly'.
'Save all process threads (if available)'.
'Crops an image with the rounded corners.'.
'Return a lock from a line.
'Reorder the central directory signature.
'Update an image.'.
'Get field information for the given model.
'Return the best fitness for a given mime-type against DCNL a list of
'Gets all overrides for the given CCX.
'Returns True if the buffer has a length of the buffer.
'Return sequence of discrete distribution.
'Helper to build a firewall rule for a certain TCP port DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Convert seconds into human-readable time'.
'pointer : TIMES'.
'Filters a list of lines to skip the result.
'Generate a wrapper for a wrapper.
'Generates a unique id for the specified user.
'Show details about a given keypair.'.
'Change the tags for a node.
'Only load the module ifldap is installed'.
'Convenience function to create a node.
'Process sphinx extension'.
'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a multidict into a dict.'.
'Bind context to the context.'.
'Minimization of a non-linear distribution.'.
'Return C_or_OR_OR_OR_OR_OR_ option'.
'Gets a set of test targets from a list of targets.
'Returns the first default value, if it exists, otherwise returns None'.
'Perform permutation of list DCNL >>> permutation([1, 2, 3
'Test that the shared variable type can be shared to DatetimeArray.'.
'load a VM'.
'Get a clipped loop path.'.
'Kill process in process.'.
'Computes the L1 norm of a tensor.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.urlencode() function that can
'Write the relationships for a book.'.
'Get the divmod.'.
'Returns `event_type` with mask of events.
'Prints \'nands\' with \'nands\' in the command line.'.
'Only load this module ifclor is installed'.
'Writes data into memory file.'.
'Shows spam dashboard.'.
'Add collar.'.
'Converts a slug to a slug.
'Execute `oldplan.plan` with the given plan.
'Create a new node.
'Check if s is a comma-separated string.'.
'Returns the URL for the specified xblock.'.
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Builds a 1-D tensor feature into a 1-tuple of int
'This function is called when null error is not.'.
'Start a new clientlog URL for a client.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Find human readable humans'.
'Split the conjugated expressions in conjugous expressions.
'Find the maximal node of each node in dir_list'.
'Evaluates the Rosenman\'s algorithm matrix.
'Returns the given list of tags removed.'.
'Check if a partition is valid.
'Move a file from source to destination.
'Generate the start and end index for the meter.
'Get tag by instance uuid.'.
'Return the backend configuration'.
'Find the notifier for a given name.
'Get snippets from the given function name.'.
'This method creates a new course that will be created in a course.
'Lift the loop blocks with the given block.'.
'Return the version of the git version.
'Compute the hash for OpenSubtitles.
'Perform the CQDN lookup.
'Setup the User sensor.'.
'The main function'.
'Get the address of an Organisation'.
'Checks that \'exclusive_options\' is only valid options.
'Add a new cluster.
'Return information about open with OpenSSL.
'Creates a KeySet'.
'Only load the module if apache is installed'.
'Updates an exchange result.
'Check that metric is equal.
'for testing'.
'Add errors to serializer errors.
'Build the target map from initiator to target thread.
'Change all of \'aws deploy\' commands to \'aws deploy\''.
'Imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path.
'This function is used to calculate LUTs.'.
'Downloads an absolute path to a destination.'.
'Add an existing file to the database.'.
'Create a list of slices from a length.
'Removes the prefix from the prefix'.
'Return a named temporary file.
'Loads a multi-file into memory.
'Return a list of latest version ppp pages.
'Return a list of concatenation of *sequence*.
'Unpack source from payload.
'Helper for :func:`fork`'.
'Symmetric decorrelation'.
'Detach a volume'.
'Read the hc file.'.
'Generate a random secret.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'create_string_buffer(string) -> character array DCNL Create a string buffer
'Takes a list of scalars and checks to see if there are enough to be
'.
'Print a warning message.'.
'Build the match conditions for a given document.
'Return the units and unit name, and units for the specified DCNL resource.'.
'Sanitize the given redirect'.
'Compute a 2-tuple of STFT windows.'.
'Computes the precision of a precision.
'Clear cache'.
'Creates a group type.
'Returns a list of roots of the roots of ``f``.
'Return the differences between two objects of the object\'s object.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Set the date string and value in the format.'.
'Check if obj is hashable.
'Return a list of ext extensions'.
'Shows the Dashboard.'.
'Convert a Python resource to the native object.
'Parses the argument, splitting it into a string.'.
'Build a text source from a DataFrame.
'Parse the root path from the given pathname.
'Print all help commands.'.
'Create a package from a project.
'Redirect to a job run'.
'Get the style dictionary for this node'.
'Query for a rel_id and thing.
'Given a class, return the fully qualified alias of the class.
'Computes the squared difference between two variables.
'Parses table column names and types from sqlite table schema'.
'Formats the ACL token.'.
'return the list of popular URLs'.
'Commits the transaction.'.
'Generator to iterate over Windows services.
'Return ``True`` if you\'re following the given dataset. DCNL :param
'Given vm_state, return a status string.'.
'Delete a project DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Returns the temporary temp directory.
'Return a list of all services that are disabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Test injection of rendered popup.'.
'Set the gid for the current gid'.
'Destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns the API version'.
'Return the path names and optional paths.'.
'Return full pathname of installed Makefile.'.
'Create a technical server error response.
'Return the sequence of ``f`` that yields the first element in the DCNL iterator
'Collapses a SOAP enveloped message.
'Delete the test database.'.
'Flatten a dictionary. DCNL .
'Converts sequences to strings in a list.
'This function gets used for testing the package data.
'Define swagger.'.
'Convert a string to the format used by the regular expression'.
'Get the order of loops in the loop.'.
'Replace all doctests.
'Converts public email addresses to public.'.
'Generate a UUID from the MD5 hash of a namespace UUID and a
'Sets the state of a block by name.
'Replaces the opt dict with the given options.
'Default charge handler for the taxon page.'.
'Measures table repetition.
'Read the head of a commit'.
'Converts a token to a pyleet tag.
'Strips `text` from `text`.
'Updates parent status'.
'Groups Tokens that start and end.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes
'Given a dictionary of values, return a copy of the metaclass.
'Sampling version of a function.
'Display a single playlist.'.
'Stop a service.
'Validate an update.'.
'Copies from old_name to new_name.
'Raises an exception if the name matches the given name.
'Use this function to return an HTTP wrapper.
'Return data to an memcache server'.
'Check arguments and make sure we need to work correctly.'.
'Extracts all local translations from `options`.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return a string identifying the version of the git commit.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Ensure that cluster is present in the cluster.
'Signals nginx to start, stop, or stop.
'Removes indentation from a string.'.
'Get a session and key for a given server.
'Return the manager class for the given engine.'.
'Show the details from the provider concerning an instance'.
'Return the cron\'s date, crontab and crontab for the
'Context manager for executing a profiler.
'Return a temporary file name for the given fname.'.
'Checks if a user has been changed.
'Filter generators of a given symbol.
'Find the host from the host reference.
'Compare all the optimizers'.
'Initiate the send messages from the queue'.
'Returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "att
'Returns the value from the CLI example: DCNL .
'Split a digest into three digits'.
'Horizontal Sobel on an edge should be a vertical line.'.
'Update an instance of the database.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Returns whether the request has access to the staff blocks for DCNL the requesting_user
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no errors'.
'Order assigned by current user'.
'Utility function to check the AST node.
'Cleans a multiline string or multiline-line number.
'If \'numpy\' is called with the \'numpy\' argument, this is
'Convert a n-tuple (byte).'.
'Test length of bootstrap.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value DC
'Return mounted mounts on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return information about a block device.
'In order of deprecations under dependent systems'.
'Return this platform\'s string for platform-specific distributions DCNL XXX Currently this is
'Process the xml element.'.
'Helper function for updating the fields of a new model.
'Check that the given path size is free.
'Get the details for an etag based on the given option'.
'Creates a signed key for the specified key and stores it to DCNL the secrets
'Get closest remaining loop.'.
'Return a deferred property.
'Write an EEG record to a qual file.
'Generate a page structure for the footer.'.
'Guess the db file to use for db.'.
'Compile a regular expression.
'Extract the version number from a BDB address.
'Return a tuple of (key, value) tuples.'.
'Create a default user.
'Ensure that a managed file mode is set to a managed mode DCNL so that
'Return the first configured instance.'.
'Get all ancestor ancestors of a person entity DCNL .
'Test that cookies are created correctly.'.
'Decrypt data with a given key.'.
'Loads the results directory from a package_dir.
'Compute the redirect URL to the given URL.
'Return all the comments on this system'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from list.
'Move blocked entry to unocked list'.
'Process a Bitmap file.'.
'Modify a file name and chunk it to be expanded.
'CONFIGURATION ACF Section 9.1.16'.
'Return network interface.'.
'Calculates GC content for a given sequence.
'Create a security group from the values dictionary.'.
'Load the specified URI into the configured URI, including DCNL ``Provider`` mapping.
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Calculate the qt (PRIVATE).'.
'Find the best fitnesses for a given mime-type against DCNL a list
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Combines two dictionaries by adding them in the first argument.
'Perform any subdomain required by the request.
'Check if all_ts options are allowed to make.
'Decrement the elements of a sequence by removing any remaining elements of the element DCNL
'Context manager to temporarily override the given mode.
'Repeated scatter plot'.
'Test with non 2dim input'.
'Draw a patch on a given x.
'Sends messages to backend.'.
'Send an event'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues
'Gets the photometers by name.'.
'Associate fixed ip to instance or if it does not exist.'.
'Add a tool menu.'.
'Checks whether data matches the given number of checksum.
'Returns a paginated response object.
'Sets up and starts the coordinator process.'.
'Return numus device information'.
'Dispatcher to use select().'.
'Regression test when an exception is raised'.
'Return the path to the data directory.'.
'Disassociate stage keys from a API key.
'Transform a DE with derivatives.'.
'Attempt to load a local path'.
'Compares the version of a git release.
'Returns True if interactive mode is interactive.'.
'Attach a json issue custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Returns the appropriate SCRIPT_NAME string for the request.
'Sends a Web Star.
'Create a new site'.
'Encode the given text for use in HTML.
'Returns a list of brands available on user.'.
'Fires after user changes are saved.
'Takes a single player entry and converts it into a list of player players DCNL
'Get current client options'.
'Get the overhang span.'.
'Return x axis label, e.g.
'Main function.'.
'Returns the default tzinfo instance.
'Return a relative URI from ``to``.
'Helper function to convert a config value to a string.'.
'Log a meeting in the current meeting DCNL https://github.com/sop
'Get reference to the VM with the provided name.'.
'This function loads a trained model.
'Send a registration email for a user and registration email.
'Query the wikipedia search results.
'Return a list of handlers defined in settings.
'Transform the kfs2fs options to mkfs.'.
'Raise an exception if field is unique.
'Expand variables in a string.
'Ensures that a context attribute exists.
'Pre-processes the stream based on prediction (PRIVATE).
'Get the one-line summary out of a module file.'.
'Returns True if the given number is a possible short number for the given region.
'Temporarily disable exceps.
'Try to determine if we\'re running.'.
'Compute the normal influence of two images, for colors and colors.
'Redirects n times.'.
'.
'Obtain the device type for the model.'.
'Return the arguments in the function'.
'Assert that the TPOT operator returns a Value.'.
'Check if f is a softmax function.
'Updates the queryset with the selected view.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Convert size string to bytes'.
'Return whether the module should be skipped.'.
'Send an email to the recipient list.
'Checks that we can fix some problems in some problems.'.
'returns \'left\' and \'left\' between audio streams.
'Configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop.
'Make sure text is bytes.
'Determine content from HTML tags.
'>>> slice(obj) DCNL >>> from obj = b.'.
'Create source files from the list of templates.
'Creates a artifact string for the given endpoint.
'Helper function to login'.
'Ensure that a search is absent DCNL .
'Delete a scan ID DCNL :param scan_id: The scan ID to delete
'Get transferred paths from inside loops.'.
'Fetch inventory data from the given uri file.'.
'Return the most popular groups.
'Return network I/O statistics.
'Convert to utf-8 or unicode string.
'Always return a native path, that is unicode on Python 2.'.
'Get version from _version.py.'.
'Return the version of distutils DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Creates a subprocess object.
'Load a certificate from a path.
'Check whether `original` is modified.
'Return a list of users in the database.
'Evaluate a Path expression.
'Show the details of a snapshot.
'Displays whether or not the system expires DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Return symmetric polynomial of degree `n`.'.
'Create an array by pointer.
'Convert a number of floats to a string.'.
'Construct a list of tags that are formatted with the same name as well as DCNL
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Get epochs.'.
'Get base64 encoded HTML of a URL.
'Get the element with the given rank 0.
'>>> extract_nmp_data(\'a\'a\') DCNL \'
'Validate that \'value\' is a valid string.'.
'Wrapper for GPI files.
'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the specified text.
'Updates a group type.
'Create a new address for the region.'.
'Extract the word from a single line or a blank line.'.
'Determine the list of keyword arguments to pass to the list.'.
'Given a movie, returns a list of (a,a,a) languages (
'docstring for main'.
'Tests settings can be ignored by appending --app=False'.
'Helper function returns True if a URL has an optional scheme.'.
'When a step definition calls another (failing) step definition with behave_as,
'Setup logging.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can be used
'Redirects to the user\'s default URL, and redirects to DCNL
'Return a path to the mav proxy directory'.
'Get or create EUID from volume id.'.
'XOR two vectors'.
'Find a file from the location and return the data'.
'look up to see if the object is found'.
'Compare media types.'.
'Helper function for pretty-printing a full sentence.
'List all runner modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Disassociate an instance profile from a profile role.
'-- Returns current Litecoin value'.
'Find profiles in a given directory.'.
'Delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Add the application to XenVolume.
'Only load if Spacewalk is installed.'.
'Return True if we have a bug, otherwise, False otherwise.'.
'Expand shell variables of form $var and ${var}.
'Recursively restart all Instance.
'Get all the bears that are installed on this system.'.
'Number of base64 encoded string.'.
'Encode the given value.
'Log error after saving.'.
'Validate whether the password is valid.
'Generate a simple test suite with JUnit tests.
'Convert a stub dictionary into a dictionary.'.
'Used as an identity function that will return an identity DCNL object.
'Is user allowed to change article?'.
'A :func:`call_names` which should be called by :func:
'List all tables.'.
'Show the specified key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Setup the Demo Alias.'.
'Given a dotted module name, return the path to a module name, DCNL the
'Limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.
'Returns fetched url'.
'Replaces a variable in a dictionary.
'Checks that the right collections aren\'t part of a `matplotlib.
'Calculate the kurtosis of a function.'.
'Retrieve a course by the given course key.
'Start the administrator server.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Prepare the master working set.
'Add network to a network directory.
'Creates local configuration for the local machine.'.
'Create two instances of temporal poolers.
'Test service_schema validation.'.
'Test the behavior of the feature in the directory tree'.
'Convert a PyGijeigenvalues given a gijer implementation.'.
'Determine if a path is inside another loop.'.
'Check the method argument.'.
'Creates a random bytes stream.
'Queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries.'.
'Make sure the node is installed from the source.
'Return the real part of a complex number.
'Returns the size of the stream.
'Populate a LibvirtConfigGuestInterface instance DCNL with host backend details for a
'Clone a repository.'.
'Checks that the virtual line should be used.
'Run unit tests'.
'Explore the account folders.'.
'Returns a pool object'.
'List incrontab for a particular user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'initializer_list : initializer_list initializer'.
'Load an example module.
'.
'convert arg to a list of datetime objects'.
'Converts a 1-D boolean array to a bit array.
'Returns a summary of an Alignment object as a string.
'Pad the output of logits.
'Negate polynomial ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]``
'Parse and return a path clause of `path`.
'Callback used to set a port range.'.
'Return the SSL adapter class for the given name.'.
'This is called when the event mapper is initialized.'.
'Adds the arg to the value.'.
'Expand the `char macro` with the `char macro.'.
'Asserts that the reference string is two strings.
'City code based on ISO 3166-1 (http://en.wikipedia.org
'Use the ciscoconfparse library to find the crypto maps.
'Extract the mid-partition value from a URL to an integer.
'Finds CCX for given coach on the given coach.
'Returns the query key for a sqs operator.
'Updates packages.'.
'Ensure that we\'re running on this host.'.
'Similar to smart_bytes, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings,
'Unset a single role.
'Displays a 404 error message.'.
'Build an image object to a matplotlib figure.
'Check for \'assertRaises(Exception\'. DCNL HACKING guide recommendation
'Create a user in the application.
'Extract the year and year from the title.
'Hyperbolic cosine of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the series
'See :meth:`I18n.format_number`.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'Combine two polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Create a complete HTML page with colorized source code'.
'Fix the connectivity matrix so that it is compatible with weights DCNL numpy.
'profiles a bivariate B-like function DCNL If the first b is 1
'Return a list of the CSS element with the given selector.
'Register a non-author contributor request.
'Primitive polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'Return a non-existing collection option.
'Start the web server.'.
'Extract request body from a request, decode into XML-formatted text.
'expression : NAME'.
'Returns a deterministic value for the given table name.
'*musicpd.org, connection section:* DCNL ``command`` DCNL
'Get and get all roles for a path.
'Get preferred encoding'.
'Wrap request to json.handler.
'returns the module data'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid'.
'Return a `dict` with only the keys in `data`'.
'Ensure that the bridge is absent DCNL name DCNL Name of the bridge to
'Make sure that a locale is not available, and the locale is not in DCNL
'Get specific usage information for a specified segment.
'Get all available sharing_s.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Execute a shell hook.
'Save the current event to disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Unpack a zip file into a zip.
'Run func on objects in a given list of objects.
'Stop the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Create a PostgreSQL user.
'Return a form dictionary for the given form class.'.
'Returns a human-readable representation of a datetime.
'Returns a formatted string for the current user.'.
'Return the signature for the given message.'.
'Return file_info information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Resizes a bitmap to a local image.
'Return list of Python code objects in a given list of paths'.
'Return a conn object for the passed VM data'.
'Create an instance of the logging API.
'Attach a json task statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'returns a list of points that contain the points of the threshold.
'Decrypt data using AES cipher.'.
'Initialize database'.
'This method can be used to upgrade billing data.'.
'Get the size of a Finder window for folder'.
'Update an ImageMember object'.
'Removes the zones from the slave.'.
'init_declarator : declarator'.
'Recursively convert a dictionary to a _idict.
'Monitor a VM in the given VM.
'Run a command in the given directory, then run a working directory DCNL :param
'Iterate through the platform-specific files DCNL Returns: DCNL * True if
'Return clustering of distance matrix matrix.
'Make a .py dir.'.
'Return the local random thread.
'Select channels from an inverse operator.
'Group delete'.
'Determine the type of a string.
'Returns a random string with color codes.'.
'Convert a zip file to a byte string.'.
'Determine if a number can be used as an internationalization.
'Computes polynomial LCM over a field in `K[x]`.
'Delete a namespace, raise if not found'.
'Return the horse\'s gear image.'.
'Start the specified service on the rest_sample DCNL .
'Get the points from a path.'.
'Test not found error.'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\' DCNL
'Choose the highest k-vv such as \'k\'.'.
'Returns the contents of a remote file.
'Run the EmailSample from the admin server.'.
'Try to locate the Postbox folder.
'Test that default tasks are loaded'.
'Convert a `value` into a `Template`.'.
'Computes the Chebyshev of the two-tuples.
'Ensure an Apache module is enabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of the Apache
'This function converts a datastore format in the format to DCNL L{L
'Test Gcode opcodes'.
'Select a node from a list of nodes.
'For a given locale, return the format for the current locale.'.
'Extract valid dict arguments from the given function.
'Displays a rendered context of the current node with a cached context.
'Return the given event description.
'Stores templates and contexts that are rendered'.
'Creates a new test builder for tests.'.
'(infilename, outfilename) - Decode binhexed file'.
'invert p1 matrix to terms in order.
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/library/
'Plus Directional Movement'.
'Yields all of the files in Python.'.
'Parses an asynchronous operation response.
'Decorator to remove a socket wrapping function from a socket.
'Gets the qute help message for the given URL.
'get all roles'.
'Calculate the indices of each observation.
'Return a dict of platform names as a dict'.
'Build a list of resource paths from a resource list.'.
'Generate all files in an example directory.'.
'Flatten a single list.
'Returns the number of cells in an admin site.
'Get the parent name of a theme.
'Validate that the image and image can be validated.'.
'Get the runner class for a given class.
'Find the correct path for challbs.'.
'Test normalization of an array of points'.
'Returns True if the system\'s terminal supports color, DCNL and False otherwise.'
'Setup the SystemMonitor sensor.'.
'Return the repository metadata from the provided changeset_revision table.'.
'Start a thread'.
'Parse an entire string from a given string.
'Builds a TestSuite.'.
'Logs the request headers in the request.
'Compute L2 norm of a set of values.
'Install a python python package.
'Moves a file or directory'.
'Run two tests.'.
'Create a pool on the request.'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'Prints and exits with the parsing error.'.
'Subroutine to create a single form DCNL .
'Convert a string to a unicode object.
'Manage the uploaded files for a given path.'.
'Apply the apply functions to all the functions.
'Return a graph object for the request context.
'given a course id and thread id, remove unfollowing the thread DCNL this
'Function that returns two numbers.
'Deep copy circle patches.'.
'Given a security group name, return a list of the security group names.
'Return a list of config options.
'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Return counts of elements in v.
'Link to Bokeh Github issue.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Unmount a path from the filesystem.'.
'Compute the rejection line for the rejection of a signal.
'Test that masking is correctly encoded correctly.'.
'Convert the xml element to a xml element.'.
'Helper function to publish an exploration.'.
'Setup FireTV TV platform.'.
'Returns the email date, e.g.
'Stores password as specified in regex.
'Sets the default mode of a file.
'Generate a mac address for the logged out file.
'Detects if `code` is a non-alphanumeric character string.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Testing sys.path that is empty'.
'Closes all test calls.'.
'Prompt the user for the given prompt and return the input. DCNL Args
'Returns a random integer value in the range [0, 1] DCNL >>> random
'Convert a cell reference string in A1 notation to a numeric column.
'Strip and strip handshake from header file'.
'Return a dictionary containing the current engine status.
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``playlist
'Create test index if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Generate non-shared storage files for non-shared storage.
'Parse an expression into an expression.
'Like timesince, but returns a string measuring the time until DCNL the given time
'Return a SQLAlchemy sessionmaker using the given engine.'.
'Check if the directory is in the exclude list.
'Gets public certificates.
'Downloads the corpus and checks if it exists.'.
'Returns the media path for a plugin file.
'Utility function to convert a dictionary into a dictionary.'.
'Set keyword attributes declared in request.
'Constructs a snapshot name for the given volume.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type cmd: list[str] DCNL
'Undo monkey-patching from urllib3.'.
'Decide whether we\'re at an <18n> flag to ignore.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Converts a list of strings to a sequence of tuples.'.
'Creates a directory.
'Given a valid config, update the ACL for a bucket.
'Convert integer to integer.'.
'Find the footprint of a sobb object.
'Sends a message on a topic and wait for a response.'.
'Replace ``argv`` with ``attr``.
'Creates a trigger build.
'Returns a pseudorandom secret key for the server.
'Build command line args for user uninstall.'.
'Checks whether user can manage permissions on given project.'.
'Convert date (freq extension) to date format.
'Generate a color (string) that prints a RGBA color.'.
'Test __init__ handler for initialization'.
'Returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects.
'.
'A helper function that builds the current logger.'.
'Get hostname from an ElastiCache replication group.
'Apply decorator to a function.
'Build a url to the server root'.
'Routine for the Raster distribution.
'Returns the URL to use when the arguments passed.
'Returns a (freq frequency, frequency) tuple from a frequency string.
'Search for media type.'.
'Convert an object into a sqlite-safe string for use in sqlite3
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Make sure exception is pickleable.'.
'Skip test if selection isn\'t supported.'.
'dot(1, v) -> vector DCNL Return the dot product with two vectors
'yields no localization codes'.
'Get the poster for embedd videos.'.
'if we have there are any global global variables.
'Test that URIs are the same.
'Checks for additional requirements to see if pkgutil is available.
'Return a backends instance for the given filename.'.
'For cross compatibility between Python 2 and Python 2.'.
'List the source source of a zone DCNL .
'Compare two revisions.'.
'Returns ``True`` if and ``m`` are identical.
'A decorator for creating `resource`.'.
'Wrapper for :meth:`boto.emrestore_steps`
'Set certificate exception for course.'.
'Setup the Transmission switches.'.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for the tests'.
'Convert a list of scalars to a lpolygon.'.
'Gets the resource limits.
'Parse a SoundBrainz table from a file.
'Check if value is a valid string.'.
'Setup the Windows platform.'.
'Moving Average Moving Average'.
'expr : test'.
'Get the auto login DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Patches \'copyfileobj\' to be copied from tarfile.
'Ensure we can generate HTML files.'.
'Checks if the given host is an SSLContext, and if needed DCNL for
'Add a product to a store.
'Check ifavi version is supported.'.
'List remote URLs'.
'Main function.'.
'Returns the default tzinfo instance.
'Converts seconds since epoch to date.
'Outputs the contents of the two tokens if they\'re equal.'.
'Get the grid point with a non-interactive grid path.'.
'Set the value of the system info in key/value pair'.
'Find a FK (fails if multiple)'.
'Return a standard log handler.
'Returns a list of the CREATE TABLE SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Load an image from the given image.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Calculate the padding type of kernel parameters.
'Return a list of user config directories on the system.
'get_init can be called from __init__.'.
'Returns the complement of the given string.'.
'Convert a nanoseconditional datetime to an integer.
'Assert that \'aws_env\' is not in AWS_env DCNL (
'Disconnect the authenticated user'.
'Trigger scheduler'.
'Unpack a directory and return its contents.
'Generates a suitable authentication key for verification.
'Set operating system info'.
'Ensure that the given account is deleted.
'Return the maximum of a sequence of arguments.
'Converts an arbitrary object to a string.'.
'Initialize all metric modules.
'Convert a rotation matrix to a string.
'Wait for the VM to be available.
'Sampling version of a function.
'Pair the appropriate open bracket with its close.'.
'Run pylint widget'.
'Revoke admin privileges from a user.
'Load a request object from a certificate.
'Return line prefix with given prefix.'.
'Create a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Expand the given exponent into the expo parts.'.
'Return package version as listed in `__version__` in `__init__.
'Evaluate Conda conda and return an instance.'.
'Determine if the current readline is available. DCNL .
'Get the path to a mocks directory.'.
'dayofweek == 0 means Sunday, whichweek 5 means last instance'.
'Resolve the latest version'.
'Open a log file, return the file handle'.
'Return a timestamp for the given month.'.
'Register a single hook.
'.
'Write an html output table to a file'.
'Find the maximum number of daily commits in the contributions calendar.'.
'Resolve a string by name into a function name.
'Test label'.
'For Virt only. DCNL Specifies the virtual path to the virtual machine.
'Fetch files and return partition to nginx.
'Add an access token to the OAuth2 client.
'Return the current locale.
'Extract marker id from params.'.
'Convert a geometry object to a GEOS coordinate sequence.
'Strip to tac'.
'Compute the mean of the logistic exponential function.'.
'Set the LE script version to the given version'.
'Computes minimum distance within a coordinate.'.
'Returns a colorized string.
'IncSubtensor(x, y, x) -> x.IncSubt
'Builds the operations to a TextAdGroup.
'Return whether or not the user should send up to own API.'.
'Initialize a Patch view for the given dataset.
'Bins the binescope for the given sample.
'Run Jinja\'s version.'.
'Return the review request field class.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.date.
'Takes a playlist or a string and converts it into a list of playing DCNL
'List policies for given role.
'Create a new inventory response.
'Run the test case.
'Convert a title to a URL.
'Adds the message to the email log.'.
'Creates a kickstart and kick off the kickstart machine.'.
'Escape a path.'.
'Display the documentation.'.
'Join a channel. DCNL :param str username: DCNL :type channel name
'Builds a convolution camera parameters.
'Return True if the given index is verbose, False otherwise.'.
'count the words in MapReduce'.
'Returns the breadcrumbs for the given page.
'Returns the user id of the system'.
'Return a list of packages that are affected by the tests.'.
'Test the password strength.
'Run a network and write it to the network.
'Create a list of serializers defined by transport.
'Authenticate if the given endpoint is valid.'.
'Return translation directory for given project language'.
'Writes fasta seqs to a fasta file. DCNL demulta
'A replacement for a random state.
'Convert a png string into a string using png.
'Mean squared loss.
'A view that redirects to the given URL.
'Mock the event notification handler.
'Prints out the reply response.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws
'Get the SR reference from VBD.'.
'Encode the response.
'Return a list of filenames for the given file extensions.'.
'Compute the W2ta kernel at layer 2.
'Returns whether or not the system info is available DCNL :rtype: bool'.
'Load the user config from the user.
'Return a predicate representing whether *value* is NaN.'.
'Return the base data directory of the platform.'.
'Only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion.'.
'abort() should raise an exception.'.
'Remove illegal characters from filename.'.
'Ensure a directory exists.
'Echo calls to functions and methods in a class.'.
'Get a SQLAlchemy database connection.'.
'Compute exponentiation of a (n, p)'.
'Writes text to stdout.'.
'Get the current timezone.
'Fetches information of a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Prewrap the statement in a comma-separated list'.
'This tests the WCS can be used as a WCS object'.
'Validate a mac address'.
'A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.'.
'Transition from INTEGER id to VARCHAR(36) id.'.
'Is the given command?'.
'Given a function name describe its properties.
'Given a Python code string, attempts to create a tree.
'Return a relative path to a relative config file.
'Calculate the average of all elements of the input list and return the DCNL
'Return a list of configuration members DCNL CLI example: DCNL .
'Return a description of the table.
'Create a `Sort` from a list of sort strings.
'Export a string representing a HTTP request as HTML.
'Deletes a given path.
'Add arguments to *thread*.'.
'A view that returns a single node with the provided credentials.'.
'List the solutions that are installed.
'Provide data for the corresponding dashboard section'.
'Perform a list of images that are down the same.'.
'Called when Ctrl-C is running.'.
'Determine the object associated with the given resource.'.
'Return a list of all the paths in sys.paths.'.
'Return an unpickable exception.'.
'Fetch version from init.py.'.
'Get the numberOfBezierPoints.'.
'Test no data for a series'.
'Returns local url'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Called by the rheader tab'.
'This function is called when saving all external URLs'.
'Called at the given name, which is called by the given package'.
'Return pillars data'.
'Return the given VBD device name.'.
'Add a Bootstrap class to a field of Django fields'.
'Replace any placeholder elements found in text.
'Function for deleting Cloud Load Balancers'.
'Create a test database.'.
'Check for non-blank line.
'Adds the given `original_author` for the given `addon`.
'Print an exception message with the given indentation'.
'Updates a counter with a given name.
'Make a call that returns multiple times.'.
'Start the Tomcat service.'.
'Helper for :func:`errback` that instantiates errbackends on the
'Assigns the distance between each individuals in the individuals DCNL between the individuals in
'Returns a string describing the given order dictionary.'.
'Return true if the url belongs to a spider.'.
'Parses kwargs for the current request.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Wrapper function to return a
'Sets the default namespace to the current environment.
'Removes a slice from a string.'.
'Wrapper function for the proxy command.
'Recursively merge two objects DCNL :param obj_a: obj_b
'Get the navigation line.'.
'Returns the word word.'.
'Extends message details about MUA.'.
'Iterate over all style files in the given style directory DCNL :param style_
'AR_forward_ip(src, src_ip)'.
'check to make sure add_positions works properly'.
'Recursively remove extra payload from payload_model.
'.
'Polynomial pseudo-division in ``K[x]``.
'Abort the given path to a file or directory.'.
'Escape shell-escapes special characters'.
'Only works on Windows systems'.
'Returns True if the tag contains a feature.'.
'A context manager to track memory usage for the given course.
'Load a certificate request from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type (
'Show the details from an instance.
'Extracts identity information from the player data'.
'Test with non zero input.'.
'Print summary of all unittest runner results.
'Unpack a URL into a tuple of components.
'Tests the API operation on a remote host and returns a boolean DCNL to true
'Returns the number of non-printable characters in a string.
'Execute a shell command.'.
'This is the websocket handler function.
'Context manager for creating a new context.
'Returns the values of a cluster in a cluster.'.
'Build postprocessors used by Markdown processor.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Evaluates the odds'.
'Send a named query.'.
'Convert `api`.
'Dispatch the data locally.
'Returns a list of \'operation\' option to be used for the command line DCNL
'Converts text to color coding.
'Retrieve shortcut \'short\' from name.'.
'Convert a template script to a script.
'Convert `api`.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sign data with a digest DCNL :param pkey: Pkey to sign with
'Parse the log options and return it in the json format.'.
'Encode a request. DCNL .
'Plot two axes. DCNL Parameters DCNL data1 : DCNL time1 :
'Make sure AST can compile valid AST'.
'Return the network size in bytes.
'tests that we find numbers with negative signs'.
'List all the datacenters in this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Recursively traverse the class hierarchy.
'Used by noogormap to reset the vg.
'yaml: file parameter DCNL Specifies a file parameter.
'Return the length of the given word.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Gets the size of this platform.
'API: accepts output'.
'Shallow \'site\' on the site.
'Mark a function as unsafe.
'Return a new `Debug` node with information about it DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Setup the platform.'.
'Strip all the keys in a dictionary.'.
'If the given model is set to pre-init, postgresql is required.
'Check if input_string is a float, False otherwise.
'Like get_absolute_url, except that arguments are resolved to.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://docs.com/questions/blog/
'Pad n bytes to length n'.
'Test binomial interpolation.
'Determine the sub workflow for a given app_path.
'Collect attributes from container list.
'Make sure we don\'t load GAL_globals so that it is
'The main function.'.
'Checks that all of the model dependencies are in the queue.'.
'Helper function to check if email addresses have a valid list.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Parse a number of pages and return each result.
'Try to create new and return a new empty string.
'Start console and run the console.
'Return a list of tuples representing all aggregations for the given course.
'Returns the connection details for the proxy minion.
'Context manager that acquires a lock on a local file.
'X(Elemwise(x) -> elemwise(x) DCNL
'Calculates bootstrap for a given distribution value.
'Recursively remove a file'.
'build the current date property'.
'Tests that service provider_provider matches a ServiceProvider'.
'Return the package database'.
'Encodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Assert that a commit is serialized.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Returns True if the given object is an ``adatetime``.'.
'Format block devices.'.
'Do all monkey patching (calls every other function in this module)'.
'Enable a VPN.'.
'Indent a function using dedentation and dedent its decorators.'.
'Checks whether the given audience is an owner and other object.
'Gets a disk by ID.
'Extract the preferred IP address from the ipv4 grain'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Resize a logical volume to a logical path.
'Returns the name of the link associated with the given link.'.
'Multiply two arrays.
'Returns "identity" versions of the JavaScript i18n function -- i.e
'Called when the response is set to CKAN DCNL :param response:
'Create the output directory.
'Fixture providing a config file.'.
'Validate user\'s password if password is not None.'.
'Fernet key repository is valid.
'Download a file from `url` to `filename`.'.
'Count the number of non-word arguments in the list.'.
'Helper for :func:`Sparse_transform`.'.
'Make sure the locale fields don\'t use HTML.'.
'List network interfaces.'.
'Zip log messages.'.
'Retrieve the user email from the GitHub API.'.
'Make sure the distribution is enabled.
'Returns ``True`` if the specified path is available.
'Check for rvm'.
'Split a function into multiple factors.'.
'Tries to untagged versions'.
'Formats a number as a string.
'Takes a config file and returns a new value in to make it DCNL possible
'Permute array permutation.
'Make sure that column is suitable for unittest'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'This is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding DCNL box returned
'Multiply a gcode linear move text.'.
'Reset the module cache'.
'Tells if the source is newer than the target.
'http://stackoverflow.com/questions/desktop/desktop/system/
'Remove known hosts from user.
'Check if provided string is an IPv4 address.
'Get a column name from an object.
'Check if header value is valid.
'Info page.'.
'Convenience function to take a tuple of (triples, QColor, blue
'Sets the file map for each node.
'Return list of run assertions that are runable.
'Return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit.'.
'Return a mock.'.
'Convenience function for writing a single byte string.
'Return the RRD XML as a string.'.
'Run rsync on remote server'.
'Determine if a point is within a point.'.
'Write scalable gcode text for a gcode file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Add the build directory to sys.path for this platform'.
'Get all child volumes.'.
'Create a service manager from the specified jid'.
'Quits the chat tool.'.
'Get a pack document by reference.
'List all files within a given directory or regular expression.
'Un-escapes special characters in a string.
'Return network interface statistics.
'Returns true if the current site has the current site theme.
'Checks that all dependencies of the given dependencies'.
'Get the paginator.'.
'Wrapper around flocker.read_host() that runs the device.
'Given a dictionary of region names, returns the Country object with the DCNL country and
'Send email notification about the user DCNL .
':type text: str'.
'Validates a font family.
'<text> -- Makes a choice for <choice>'.
'Set a module if it exists.'.
'Return a list of all files.'.
'Validates the email address.
'Return True if the file is found, False otherwise.'.
'Insert a column into the database'.
'Checks if a list is a list of ints.
'Test if a pair are the same.
'Return the class of the given check_name.'.
'Returns the class of a class or class.
'Returns True if interactive mode is interactive'.
'Clean up database tables.'.
'getTerminalSize() DCNL - get width and height of console DCNL -
'Return a new signature scheme object.
'3.3 Generalized variable-length integers'.
'Send email to specific documents'.
'Pretty-printing png to pretty.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Get the crop geometry. DCNL .
'Looks to see if fmdump is present on the system'.
'Determine the protocol to use.
'Return a tile key string.'.
'Computes the random value for a log distribution.
'Get secret key'.
'Converts the MessageModel to a FeedbackMessage object.
'Returns the value corresponding to a label change label int.
'The pprint for the super type.'.
'Return a query string for a user type.
'Rename a file.
'Return a logger with the given name.
'Disconnect all signals from all live receivers to the live list.
'convert s to float or raise'.
'Returns a search string'.
'Saves an image to disk.
'Start the scheduler'.
'Extract messages from a file.'.
'Determine if the given name is a valid header name.
'Check to see if a resource is complete.'.
'Get all attachments belonging to a project.'.
'Convert a row in row notation to an XR row.
'Loads the fixtures from the database.
'Deduce the encoding of a Python source file.
'Associate \'levelName\' with \'level\'.
'Extracts the list of modules from a list.
'Decode a filesystem path to unicode'.
'Attach private projects to each object of the queryset.
'Combine a list of AlbumEntry objects'.
'Return full path to a regular expression pattern.
'Image stays the same, since the new size is bigger than both sides.'.
'Evaluates the angle in a quadratic dt'.
'Add an array of values to a vector.
'Call all paths or files.
'Return True if name is a legal resource name for the given name.
'Task add'.
'Tries to guess the filters from a map from matrices.
'Transform an element into a sax.
'Retrieves a machine hypervisor DCNL .
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can
'Get a list of available drivers.'.
'Returns a list of optimal colors in a given graph DCNL G.
'Simple function to work on working local'.
'Creates and splits the components of the "partition" service.
'print for example functions'.
'Entry point for influxdb.'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.RatingProperty``.'.
'Finalize a process and finish it.
'Convert an integer to hex string'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns the state of the dag'.
'Return the HMAC address of a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Helper function to execute the JSON and return it as JSON'.
'Called after building a static file.
'Returns a new condition object'.
'Loads a template from django template'.
'Unlock a file.'.
'Gets the contact type for the given user.
'Remove specified device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Restart httpd'.
'Return a zookeeper object.
'Return the `published` version of `location`.
'Register `lop` with aliased as the environment variable.'.
'Add URL to external URL.'.
'Testbrainsearch process serialization'.
'Test making sure that morph_maps works'.
'Read 64bit float.'.
'Raise an error if home directory is not present'.
'Deletes an image.'.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'initialise module'.
'Test quadratic interpolation'.
'Multiply two filters using a multi-tensor.'.
'Create a user.'.
'Compute the element-wise exponential linear unit.
'Replaces all SQL operators with a given unicode string DCNL >>> tamper(\
'Plot the two images in a list.
'Return the music repo name.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Recursively sort entries in a tree.
'Find eggs in zip files.'.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Initialize theano shared variable.
'Verify if MAKEOPTS variable contains a value in make.conf DCNL Return
'Displays the entries of a search query.
'Tags: string representation of a file attachment.'.
'An implementation of :class:`regression`.'.
'Helper function for setting default values to string'.
'Given a cluster, return the depth of all clusters.'.
'Wrapper around a Pyramid application that uses SOAP upgrade.'.
'Convenience function to cryptically an encrypted binary string.'.
'Guess the correct LSA class for a given payload'.
'Creates and starts the engine using the given engine.
'Registers a new verbose graph.
'Suspend the system to disk DCNL .
'Return the credentials from the file.'.
'Convert an IP address from text representation into binary form'.
'Deploy the specified jboss instance DCNL jboss_config DCNL The jboss
'Test global variables'.
'Convert a string to hexadecimal digits.'.
'Loads all the CSS templates'.
'Return the set of fields that should be initializable.
'Migrate a resource table for a resource table.
'Get the version number of /usr/rev/version.'.
'Return a list of all directories on the master'.
'Clean the logs buffer.'.
'Gets the deployment id for this deployment.
'Tests updating and update last sync_revision.'.
'Splits an array into multiple sub arrays.
'Reverses the sequence of characters in a byte string.
'Delete a file, if it does not exist.'.
'Parse an HTML text into a plaintext DOM.'.
'Load the Spector dataset and returns a Dataset class instance.
'Return the path to the current home directory.'.
'Runs a WSGI application with a WSGI application.
'Dispatch action to display the action DCNL and display it.
'Produce a generator that can be used in group tests.
'Make backup filters.'.
'Capitalize a string.
'Entry point for the git repository.'.
'Parses a structured struct name.
'ItemField add'.
'Get the matrix Tetragrid from the xmlElement tetragrid.'.
'Patches all decorators in a module.
'Setup the oslo messages.'.
'Run a check.'.
'Unset the installed sample samples for this shop'.
'>>> foo = 3.0 DCNL 3.0 DCNL 3.0 DC
'Multiply a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Get vmodl type by name.
'Check if a lock exists.
'Returns data retrieved from a URL. DCNL .
'Render an error page.
'Returns a list of xblocks that have access the xblocks for the given course DC
'Run a single test suite with a specified name.
'Compute OTL curve.
'Return an OptionGroup object DCNL group : string DCNL Optionally dict DCNL
'Retrieves permissions for the given page and context.'.
'.
'Expands the dimensions along the given axis.
'Deletes the specified calendar.'.
'returns price info for given item'.
'Function to format a warning.'.
'Context manager that acquires a lock on a directory.
'Determine if pickle module is available.
'Create a doc object from a given vocabulary.'.
'Generates a marketing snippet.'.
'Redirects dx to d using the bilinear derivation d(d)
'Return a list of serial ports'.
'Called prior to building the site.
'Returns a connection to the address of the given `address`.'.
'Destroy the reservation or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Initialize a custom_stylesheet for the given profile.
'Read the reject parameters from a file.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'>> match_in_pattern DCNL >>> _match_in_pattern(\'
'Return the last modification time of a file, reported by os.stat().'.
'Safely read a file with size bytes.
'numlist : MINUS DCNL | NUMBER DCNL | MINUS DCNL
'Computes the gradient of the constant ``f``.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Copies remote packages.
'Default error handler. DCNL .
'Return True if the named service is enabled, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Read a string and return a NumPy string'.
'Remove all volumes that exist.'.
'Validate the value of an ObjFJsonParser.
'>> do_require DCNL Load a new requirement if required.'.
'Add a task to the queue.
'Load certificate roots from a directory.
'Returns a tuple (name, value) for the given layer.'.
'\'a0,1\',3,3,1 --> None'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of YAML data.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Determine the device class to use'.
'Factory function that returns aano function.
'Run behave tests.'.
'Patch \'model_search_fields\' with a new list of models.
'Simplify the parser tree.
'Load configuration'.
'Validate the configuration.'.
'Creates a new file if it doesn\'t exist.
'Dummy indexing'.
'Outputs a font.'.
'Writes the admin function to write the admin settings file'.
'Formats a final traceback line.
'Init an instance of the Enforcer class.
'Stochastic model of a sound DCNL # Arguments DCNL stoc:
'Returns a single section of the named release.
'Returns a list of featured exploration summary objects.
'Get new repository.'.
'Creates an index from a search_service_pb.IndexMetadata.'.
'Generates a slice of time slots.
'Load a model from the database.
'Check a cron environment variable in the crontab DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Play the media list. DCNL .
'Set version of template.
'The inverse of a function.
'Get TRACE matrix.'.
'Calculate the column width of text columns in text.'.
'Quick check to see if a file is a tool XML file.'.
'Imports modules from a top level directory.
'Test time plot'.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in a single line.'.
'Deletes items from the Memcache and times them.
'Delete all pages in the given path, which are not found in the page'.
'.
'Create a path from a hatch pattern.
'Returns a list of blocked users.'.
'Update symlinks related to a specific config file.'.
'Test raw contents.'.
'Returns a list of the available plugin classes.
'Return the next URL of the next comment view.
'Retrieve datastore metadata from a blob_key.
'Give a list of page where the user has changed.'.
'Checks to see if minc is not installed'.
'Parse a string containing a flag value.'.
'Retrieves vote on a user by a user.
'Convert a JSON-compatible representation to text. DCNL .
'test_get_xdg_dir_1, test xdg_dir
'Compute the log of the difference between a and b.'.
'Raises an exception if request context is not a request.'.
'Test g2 repository naming support.'.
'Creates a rest api.
'Clears the session ID and logs out of the session.'.
'Returns the list of upper-level regions descended from a list.'.
'Cleanup input string into a comma-separated string.'.
'Recursively copy the source directory to the source directory.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is Solaris'.
'Report report'.
'Test cloning from Mercurial.'.
'Deletes the node state of a dataset.
'Recursively walk the given scope and return its children.'.
'Parses the environment.
'Adds some useful headers to the given HttpResponse object: DCNL ETag,
'Sets a neighbor filter for given ip address if exists.'.
'Returns the least common divisor of two strings.
'convert values to dtype'.
'Determine if the point is in the point table.'.
'Return a pillar object based on the file_id'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Updates the db for all models with the provided versions.'.
'Add a new server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Escape special characters from a string.'.
'Check if a document is locked.
'create a postgres server'.
'running "harvest" with all apps'.
'Convert an image to a 2D tensor.
'>>> try_try_except(True) DCNL >>> test_except(True
'Set forward transformation to stc.
'Check the file name for the uploaded file case.'.
'Returns an univariate normalization of the vectors.'.
'Derivative of the gaussian spline.'.
'Converts a CSR matrix to a SciPy sparse matrix.
'Find skipped tests DCNL .
'Determine if the given property is decorated with the given name.
'Helper function for :py:func:`is_null_rows`.
'Get all distributions for the given URL.
'Create a voucher object for the purchase.'.
'Retrieve a cluster\'s cluster object.
'Find a guest from the given path.
'Helper function to set the location of a file'.
'Get all instance types.'.
'Clear sessions for the specified max_date.
'Reverse a file path.
'Get matrixSVG by transformWords.'.
'Convert text into an opcode string.
'Disconnect signals from the entry point.'.
'Waits for a new spot request.
'Return the MD5 hash for a file from the master'.
'Prints the usage of this script.'.
'Download android image.'.
'Validate the configuration and return a Nmap scanner.'.
'>> showforms DCNL Show all forms on the current browser.'.
'Usage: DCNL attr_gt(attrname, 54) DCNL Only
'Saves the attachment to a file.
'Mark a value as unsafe.
'Checks whether user can download changes.'.
'Return the indentation of a piece of text.
'Get pyQ objects for QObject objects'.
'Extract capability capabilities from text.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Check if an IP address has
'Check if given string is a public IP address.
'Raises NotPlistException, InvalidPlistException'.
'Log the access hit loop and log it to the report.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Find and return Vera switches.'.
'Fetch a document that doesn\'t exist and get its reason.'.
'Test exit with no output.'.
'Uninstalls params from params.
'Finds a short path to a shortest path from G.
'Add volume type change to project_types.'.
'Computes the Ecobluigi function.
'Lists all topics in the search index.
'Imports an object by name.
'Fix the sys.path for all the sys.path in the extra path.'.
'Adds the flags to the new set of flags.
'Convenience function to connect to Node'.
'Create a cache security group.
'Split a test name into (module, module) and path specifier.
'Return the full url for the current request.'.
'Plot error traces.'.
'Return the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.'.
'Sends a POST request.
'Return a list of squares that are equal to 0.
'Join a queue with timeout, raise exception if timeout succeeded'.
'Return (hash, length) for a given path using hashlib.
'Test the show version of verbosity should be show.'.
'Build a message with the given extra info.
'Release the media player instance.
'Convenience function to combine multiple details into one.
'Convert a SQLAlchemy schema to a dictionary.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Flush all keywords from the
'Get the terminal size of this terminal.'.
'Return the epoch offset for the file.
'Return a nice formatted date for a datetime'.
'DETACH ACCEPT Section 9.4.2'.
'Creates an image object from a QImage object.'.
'Split text into shell script.
'Return the list of scripts that are supported by the system.
'Decide whether to show documentation on a variable.'.
'Shows the document listing.'.
'Creates a ProxyInfo instance from the current environment.
'Sets the file\'s time with the given filename.
'Internal, returns the path to xool'.
'Check that a dataset exists in the given dataset_id.
'A doctest docstring.
'Python3 string escape'.
'Checks whether the given condition matches the given condition.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Post-level order to add a list of nodes'.
'View function that handles a reset password request.
'Generate a signed OAuth signature for the given Odnoklass.
'Compute the compute before an expression'.
'Make sure we can tokenize strings'.
'helper function for process_tools'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Return a list of IPv4
'Given a Location, returns a Dataset forecast object'.
'Extract metadata from a file that matches metadata.
'Discretize model by taking the average number of steps.
'Parses a flags.'.
'Get an artist by its MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with an \'
'Check to see if the host is responding.
'Get the link line.'.
'Subtract an element of ``c`` in ``K[x]``.
'Consume messages.'.
'BernoulliVector.BernoulliVector.sample_revals works when DC
'Context manager to pause all pending warnings.'.
'Handles the connection before the connection pool.'.
'A function that accepts a single keyword argument.'.
'Get the name of the tk names.'.
'Wait until an object has been build.'.
'Format an IP address string for use in tests.
'Return True if x is hashable.
'Returns a dictionary of SASS assignment as a string'.
'Validates that the given source is valid for os.path.
'Wait for a machine to reach a network address.
'Creates a context.
'>>> from sympy import MatrixSymbol, refine DCNL >>> from sympy.
'Add profile to an instance role.
'Connect to the Amazon EC2 service.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Filters out any items in the given chunk.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token.'.
'Get the size and properties for an image.'.
'Return a path to a field name and field.
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Returns the value of a varint int.
'Register an e-mail hook.
'Make sure the source_model is set correctly.
'Loads a creds from the given file.
'Add given volume type for project_type.'.
'Reconstruct skeleton from complex ID.
'Compute norm of a set of normals'.
'Installs hook on xon hooks.'.
'Compute polynomial quotient in ``K[x]``.
'Copy the file \'src\' to \'dst\'; both must be filen
'Perspective edit'.
'Subtracts context from a string.'.
'Test that pypi output can be processed'.
'Fork off the daemon.'.
'Format firewall status from firewall output DCNL .
'Compute the cumulative distribution of a moments of moments.
'3.5 DCNL https://github.com/astropy/c/c
'Normalize a pathname.
'Computes elements of a monomial or multivariate division.
'Returns a zip archive of all submissions.
'Destroy the image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Extract the images into a numpy array.
'>>> test_swap(x)) DCNL [1, 1, 4,
'Yield current set of requirements.
'Catch the argument value and cycle them.'.
'Execute the command-line arguments'.
'Deletes a sink.'.
'Gets the parent label of the xpath from xpath.
'Read a file and return a RecordRecord object.
'Verify that the given parameters are valid.
'Return server version from lxml DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Retrieve a user\'s shadow by a username DCNL .
'Log a compute failure in a compute node.
'Get details about a policy.
'Return True if s is a newline, False otherwise.'.
'Create a document from author mapping'.
'Get the view matrix for the projection matrix.
'Return (data, end) from the OpenDict record.
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Convenience function to create a polygon on the start and end angle.'.
'Called from the unrar command. DCNL Args: DCNL params:
'Check for basic auth'.
'Convert a `skip_rows` value to an integer.
'Determine if the number of matches the expected number of properties in the DCNL
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Return a list of region names sorted by name.
'Get the subset of the \'key\' from the bitstring.'.
'Takes a plain-encoded string and returns a unicode string.'.
'Create a db record with the provided attributes.
'Validate max_staleness.'.
'Print status of a shell command DCNL .
'Return a dictionary of strings for the workbook'.
'Import configuration from the system.
'Make sure that the model attributes are stored correctly.'.
'Return a list of keys for the specified pillar'.
'Given a dictionary of key/value pairs, generates a fontconfig DCNL pattern string
'Lists all functional fields in the system.
'Set the query results into a query result'.
'Custom Formstyle'.
'Returns a set of line numbers from `source`.
'Calculates the q-stat distribution of parameters.
'Test histogram normalization.'.
'Extract kwargs from keyword arguments'.
'Add fields to document.
'Normalize a python distribution name.
'Convert a NumPy array to a Series.
'Returns the contents of the log buffer.
'Render an inline inline text.
'Read the cinder configuration.'.
'Iterate over all elements and return the iterable.'.
'Test platform validation.'.
'Make plugin available.'.
'Turns off the device.
'Utility method to parse command line arguments.
'Converts string to camel-case.
'Reverse function.'.
'Validate ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'bitsapap(s) -> int DCNL Return the bits of the string s
'Initialize signal handler'.
'Return a list of relationships for a particular package.
'Get fixed ips by host or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Setup a StreamHandler for the given stream.
'Renders the URL for the current site'.
'Converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone.
'Parses a pattern.'.
'Dispatches a hook from a given dictionary.'.
'Filters the number of images to be selected by the threshold.
'Test integers.'.
'Convert an XML tree into a dict'.
'Return the xrange for a cell range.
'Read all tasks and import them.
'Test IO with size and layout'.
'Write the theme xml to file.'.
'Set configuration variable'.
'Change the uid for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL - More than one space
'Show the details of the given name.
'Enable a source. DCNL .
'Calculate the average of all values in the list of values.
'Update global settings for qWebSettings'.
'Send email after purchase'.
'Serialize object to JSON string DCNL .
'Get user info from HTTP request.'.
'Send email after import task'.
'Set up the YahooA sensor.'.
'Return an ANSI color mapping.
'Format a slice to a slice'.
'Expand IPv6 addresses to IPv6 address.
'Generate a list of the start dates for the given database.
'Set up celery app on current app.'.
'Generator that yields the language of the given language.
'Creates a SSLContext object for the current server.
'Landing page.'.
'Get the top directory of the topfile.'.
'Given a valid config, update the configuration for a bucket.
'Returns the term in the given number of given string.'.
'Make a Celery test error.'.
'Send translation in `translations` to `translations`'.
'Given a name, delete it.
'Return the timestamp of the Epoch Epoch.
'Return a repr representation of the given object.'.
'Get content from a URL.'.
'Run pylint on the file.
'const_map : \'{\' const_map_item \'}\''.
'Lists a creds for a given tenant_id'.
'Returns True if b is broadcastable.
'Determine whether a reboot is pending.
'Removes special characters from text.'.
'Register a function to be executed at the end of the daemon.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Generates a unique id for use in Base64 format.
'yaml: fingerprint DCNL Get the fingerprint of the current device.
'Get a HEAD request from the given URI.
'Recursively walk a directory tree, returning the contents'.
'Get the default locale'.
'Callback for change of quota_size'.
'Remove quota from a glusterfs volume. DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Get all repository dependencies for the given metadata.'.
'Safely convert request to host.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Returns an object\'s attribute.
'Takes a log file and updates the data from the log.
'Determine whether the file has a given file type with the given word, DC
'Evaluates an old-upcast expression.
'Initialize debugger DCNL .
'Determine the platform name and the platform group name.
'Retrieve properties of a managed object.
'Get list of clients.
'Write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'helper function to check if a string contains a substring for a single DCNL
'get the history of each user'.
'Prefix the name of a file.'.
'Handle the "where should I go next?" part of comment views.
'Parses the version string and returns a list DCNL (str, version,
'Calculate the triangle of the triangles.
'A simple replacement for `500Error` with the `500 error.'.
'Escape &, <, > in a string s.
'Checks if the given filters are valid.
'Show seconds in human form.
'Return a list of raw datasource objects.
'Call the fast function of a list of arrays.
'Transform an angle to a range of 180 degrees.
'Resource Header'.
'Sets a model dict.
'Generate a Google API key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Compute the sum of elements of lx, e.g.
'Redirects to a file\'s standard.
'Simple BDB model that looks like a bi-normal distribution.
'Return the embedded embed functions for the given shell.
'Fetch between strings and re.
'Convert a name/value pair to a dictionary.'.
'Called at application error.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Sets the metric name to the
'Tests that the _app_app can be created'.
'Returns (codename, name) for all permissions in the given opts.'.
'Returns HTTP headers.'.
'Checks for BCS header lengths.
'Run the default value of the device.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Sets the default value for the
'Resets the builtin directory to the default directory.'.
'puts() should not None output to stdout if `None` type is given
'Replace `info_info` in `info` with `info` and `
'Calculates checksum for a string.
'Pass in an object, if it can be a Python object.
'Returns the course creator status for a given user.
'Renders the latest products for the current product.
'Prints information for a particular virtual machine or recurse into a DCNL folder or
'Method to encode a payload.
'Prompt the user for Win32.
'Display a dependency grammar and return a dict.'.
'Delete the given volume type.'.
'Maximum number of streams that are available.'.
'Send information about an object.
'Delete search index.'.
'Get the front width.'.
'Decrypts a URL-safe Base64 encoded ciphertext.
'Compute irreducible polynomial in ``GF(p)[x]
'Copy a hard-copytree copy to the destination.
'Test epochs.'.
'Escapes a value for use in a URL.
'Ensure that an event source is absent.
'Test benchmark function.'.
'Encode a set of form fields.
'Returns true if the user is logged in.
'Show the details of an loadbalancer.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'<name> -- Checks if <string> is a valid email.'.
'Returns boolean indicating whether entrance activities enabled'.
'Validate the string.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path.'
'Reverse of pickle (base64)'.
'Set up & run a file for programmatic usage.
'paste_config section.'.
'Checks if we are running in the network devices.'.
'Install a pecl extension.
'.
'Get the xmlObject.'.
'Displays the selected content type for the given region.
'Closes the database in the DB.
'Remove whitespace from a statement.'.
'Retrieve information for a VML device.
'Find and return the path to the current working directory.'.
'Parse the symbol file.'.
'Calculate expected value for a asset file.'.
'.
'Returns the routes table associated with given IP address.
'Add a rabbitmq host to a vhost.
'Get refactor. DCNL :returns:'.
'Returns a list of the format modules found'.
'Parse solc output.'.
'Get the path to the directory containing mrb-file.'.
'Wait for a message to be sent.
'Return a list of all available services.'.
'Get all releases in the github API.
'Compute nt zeros of the Kelvin function ber(x).
'Run all upgrades on the given store.
'API: send test result'.
'Retrieves all events for the portfolio exchange.'.
'Determine if the binary sensor needs to be used.
'Substitute args from context'.
'Test if an object is a sequence'.
'Makes a set of queens to be placed in a board.
'Clear watching a connection.'.
'Lists all local local IPv6 addresses on this localhost.
'Compare two strings. DCNL :param string1: DCNL :param string string
'Return the absolute name of the module to be imported.'.
'Fetches all the caches from the database.'.
'Check to see if the element has a valid relation'.
'Destroy the local database.
'Like ``assertRaises(n, **, **kw)`` if the exception
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Fetches the gold model entry for the given jobid'.
'Set the layer rule.
'Converts a new path to a gcode file.
'Get a media url.'.
'Kill a process by PID.
'Register a Growl notification.
'Get subgroups for the given user and group.'.
'Parse the lineno string into a list of line separators.
'.
'Change the brightness of a given value.
'Returns the cumulative sum of an array along the given axis.
'Generates a random graph over the given number of nodes.
'Sets the default application.
'Return the first element in a sequence'.
'remove quotes from a string.'.
'Determine whether `address` is an email address.
'Cleanup localizable string from locales'.
'Changes a function into new globals.'.
'Process xmlElement by svgReader.'.
'Signal receiver to update course mode'.
'Returns the name and title and version.'.
'Find best functions for numpy arrays.
'Apply polynomials in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Check if value is a double.'.
'Returns the subirc string for an IRC match to IRC match'.
'Render a template to the context'.
'Virtual field for project_time'.
'Returns True if the specified subnet is in a subnet, otherwise False.
'Product of two lists of strings.
'Reindex all add-on reviewers.'.
'Return XFS inventory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Lists an entrance exam for a given course.
'Converts a hue from hsv to rgb.'.
'>>> test_ccall() DCNL 1 DCNL 1 DCNL >>> test_
'Checks if the given directory is a buildbot runner.
'Calculate the kurtosis of the given list of values.'.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Print a string representation of a bytestring or a bytestring.'.
'Return a list of (content_length, length) tuples for the given content
'Determine if the new prefixes are subnetes.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Tests that highoencoder can be instantiated'.
'Takes a position in a Posix position and returns a string.'.
'Attempt to parse the message using the command line and the output DCNL the user_
'Reads the images in a given folder, resizes images on the fly if size
'Register commands to connect to the plugin.'.
'Return parsed data'.
'Try to apply the pattern at the beginning of the string.
'Return a relative URL, given the environment variables.'.
'Map a map of map view'.
'This is a strategy for clustering together.
'Create an empty text file.'.
'Returns a 2-D matrix drawn from n-1.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return the value of the enforcing
'Classify a TFG model.
'Migrate account source to account'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Update flash parameters'.
'Given a path to a file, return the resource path.
'Convert code to colorized code.
'Safely rename a file.
'Checks if the given HTTP header is an "Hop" header.
'Create a \'macro\' argument for MacOS.
'Render a template as a tuple with the given dictionary.
'Import image from uuid DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'SharedVariable constructor for ctypes.
'Test saturation function.'.
'Fetch a session for a given reply.
'Utility method to convert a generic proxy dict DCNL and return a tuple with the
'Activate and activate docs in the branch'.
'Generate a nonce. DCNL Args: DCNL timestamp (str):
'Create a patching view for each size in numpy.
'puth the object away from the object.'.
'Remove a Service object from the catalog.
'Construct an inventory object.'.
'Get a list of networks for a project.'.
'Convert `x` into a SparseVariable.
'Compute graph stats for an episode.
'Return the center of the graph G.
'Convert data array to a string.
'Returns the language for the given language'.
'Find the common dtype for a column.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Log hooks from the given request.'.
'Fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and DCNL language
'View function that handles a forgot email.
'Returns the assignment type for the given user group.
'The main function.'.
'Scales CDF in a continuous covariance matrix.
'Test rename channels.'.
'Expands args to list.
'Get the overhang support angle in degrees.'.
'Returns True if given prefix is a netnet with prefix length.'.
'Gets the name of the git repository.
'Converts a Python JSON object to a JSON-compatible representation.'.
'Parse a ACL value from the data list.'.
'Parameter:  String. DCNL Returns:    The string, with each
'Get all available regions for the ELB service.
'Set defaults for the SQLAlchemy configuration variables.'.
'**DEPRECATED**: use test.
'Takes a field from an expression.
'set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any. DC
'support function for copy_i'.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Recursively make sure all unicode keys are valid.'.
'gpu_from_host(gpu_from_gpu) -> gpu_from
'helper function to normalize a single server setting'.
'Convert a list of revisions to a list'.
'Split an expression into a list of leaf nodes.
'Custom index page'.
'Message view'.
'Perform search on elasticsearch and search indexes.
'Converts plain text into JSON-CamelCase (API).
'API: accepts the gitlab hook'.
'Returns True if the given sheet is writable'.
'Don\'t divide p and p0'.
'Return a list of all services that are running on the system'.
'Setup virtual environment variables.'.
'Returns the release version, e.g.
'Resource Headers'.
'Return server version from nginx DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Displays \'API\' name and \'WD\'.
'associate a node with its reference.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Make a regular expression escape.'.
'Renders a Cheet template.
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running ip.'.
'Given an integer n, return the closest nth smallest element of a DCNL n
'Only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__'.
'Return the given HTML with all HTML entities replaced.'.
'Returns the auth password for use.
'A simple view that expects a GET request and returns an event'.
'Only work on Junos'.
'Returns a list of filenames of the file and image classes, and DCNL
'Shows the uptime of the current time.'.
'Decrement the given libvlc instance DCNL .
'Wrapper for __getattr__'.
'Convert a domain name into a filename.'.
'Issue #44 DCNL Test for dimensionless compatibility.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Transforms a numpy array to a list.
'Write a gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file.'.
'Run Paster server application.
'Redirects to the status check.
'Return a list of discrete variables.
'Returns the \'InstanceActionAPI\' class from the same module as the configured DCNL
'Wrap result data to a datetime/datetime object'.
'Validate that the value of a VM formatted disk.
'Gets the normal file descriptor for a normal file.
'Split the test set into one class.
'Take a tar.info object and serialize it to a tar.gz file.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Process the minimum priority of the current thread.
'Find host information from the inventory.
'Hop a gcode linear move file.
'Set stock_stock info in stock format'.
'Replace the audio time when the event is recorded.
'Instantiate a new object with the arguments passed in obj.'.
'List all available package upgrades.
'Initialize and start the pyo module.
'Get the xml node with the given filename.'.
'Reverse URL based on filter_filter DCNL :param route_filter:
'You need to show a custom user'.
'If passed, encrypt or not a password, add it to the specified role'.
'[d]+[-constant]'.
'Add pillar by loops which are extrude.'.
'Retrieve the class documentation from the given path.
'Multiplication of two integers'.
'Build a no log message from the container.
'Update the status for a model instance.'.
'Sample from a normal distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL shape : A DCNL shape :
'Given a head, return the end of the sentence\'s end.'.
'Check if a module name is a Python package.
'Builds a filename based on the MusicBrainz UUID.'.
'Test SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH'.
'Return the SSH configuration.
'Make sure that the references have a circular reference.'.
'Returns a random integer n with random integer nbits.'.
'Makes a map of routes.
'Parse a pickle file and return the corresponding object.'.
'Returns the det of a symmetric matrix that is positive.
'Test the structure representation of an ARCH.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on
'Default action to redirect to the user'.
'Runs photos in a photo.
'Returns a repr of the dictionary.'.
'Authenticate if the given user_id is valid.
'Returns True if n is a prime number, False otherwise.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Create new custom chain to the
'selection_statement : NEWLINE DCNL | NEWLINE'.
'Escape non-alphanumeric characters.'.
'Rebuild cache'.
'Load all fixtures from the database.
'Get a finder class for the given path.'.
'Encode the given content.
'Expand the given brackets.
'Expected inclusion_no_params_from_context __doc__'.
'Select box icons for given option.'.
'Ensure that we have a single rule format.
'Setup the APRPC platform.'.
'Attach a json statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'Find all feature files in a particular directory'.
'Loads a calendar from the datastore.
'Delete a blob from Blobstore.
'Get all networks for the instance.'.
'Test getting a new command.'.
'Accepts a pytree Pattern Node and returns a set DCNL of the pattern types
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Takes a URL from an S3 URL and returns a list of DCNL s
'Return a connection to etcd'.
'Given a transform frame, return the corresponding transformation.'.
'Ensures that the loose version of loose connection version.'.
'Writes a file to disk mapping.
'Test no exception handling.'.
'Creates the PriceInfo for the given price.'.
'convert a ``p`` literal ``b`` or ``b``.
'Return tuple of prompts for a prompt.'.
'Wrapper around save_list.'.
'Attach a json user info json column to each object of the queryset.
'List manifest files for given extension.
'Run command in subprocess.
'Get the translate tetragrid from the xml element.'.
'Return the hash of a given file.'.
'Register capabilities.'.
'Remove index from media list. DCNL .
'>> formname <formname> <formname> <formname> DCNL
'.
'set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any. DC
'Create a primary key for the primary database.
'Return the differences between the current state and the changes.'.
'Given a policy name, delete it.
'Test the fit sample routine with nn object'.
'Configures that the organization_resource_resource field is allowed DCNL by the organization
'Read fragments from a file.'.
'Formats size in bytes, as a human readable format.'.
'Sends an email to a list of emails.
'Return a list of raw samples for the user.
'Converts a string argument to a unicode string.
'Return a URL for the given path.'.
'Encodes a sentence ending with the given separator.
'Clears system profiles.
'Return the hmgr image.'.
'.
'Downloads all substrings from youtube_id and subtitles.'.
'Start notification server.'.
'Close a frame'.
'Open a path for opening file'.
'Return a dictionary of dependencies of the current package.
'Testing the colorful output of a successful feature'.
'List all Mongodb database names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Rename all files in a folder that match the specified name.
'Parses a query string for a single query.
'Returns a set of branch objects matching the end_ref.
'Compares two dicts with different keys and returns a booleandict.
'Get the pack index from the specified package.
'Return filtered products for users.'.
'Sanitizes a base32 string to be safe.
'Test that replay.dump raises if the replay is not a replay.'.
'Test tight_layout for tight_layout'.
'Parse the name of an attribute.
'Parse a string and return an integer as a number.'.
'Helper function to load a PYAML model from the loader.
'Register a custom logging handler.
'Set the disk timeout in minutes for the given power scheme DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return ``True`` if *cmd* is installed in *cmd*.'.
'Compute the log norm of the dir contained in dir.'.
'Retrieves the content from a filepath.
'Generate a numpy property value for a given field name.'.
'Revoke a cert by file name.'.
'Decode a JSON-compatible document.
'Returns the fibonacci sequence of `n`.
'Add a point to a path and the pixel table.'.
'Convert an xml element to a queue element.
'Remove articles from text.'.
'A demonstration of the trees from a multittest model.
'Get epochs.'.
'Assert that the request is logged in the request.
'Returns a c_gradient with a given base color.'.
'Verify that the latest version of the current branch has been verified.
'Indent all the text in the given string.
'Remove a module from the cache.'.
'Calculates the standard deviation of a property value.
'Context manager for temporary working directory DCNL Usage: DCNL .
'Loads a YAML file and returns the contents.
'Get the repository writer.'.
'Return a path to a filename'.
'Reverts a configuration back to a backup.'.
'Add a trait to the given names of all scenarios.
'Render an error view.'.
'Read the genesis_fixture that yields the genesis_unit fixture.'.
'Make sure expressions can produce float floats'.
'Decipher the dictionary of an object.
'Make a representation of a column (as a mapping)'.
'Determine if a polygon is within a polygon.
'Function to return type of data'.
'convert s to string'.
'Shutdown all the child processes'.
'Return a tuple of (attr, value) tuples.'.
'Returns the parent process id of the current process.
'A coroutine for logging.
'Create a QColor from a QColor DCNL .
'Download a file to a remote server.'.
'Return the contents of a given filename'.
'The main command line.
'Returns a list of all rooms.'.
'Creates the virtualports tree located in the config directory DCNL CLI Example: DC
'*musicpd.org, music database section:* DCNL ``searchadd {
'Creates a new entity protobuf.
'Renders an HTML document for the addon.
'Check for import_translation().
'Discretize model by taking the bilinearinear direction.
'Convert a timezone aware datetime to local time zone.'.
'Given an ldapldap interface, return a tuple of DCNL tuples
'Returns the user id and a string of the user.
'.
'Retrieve an experiment and return it as a tuple, and return it.
'Formats a time value as a string.'.
'Show details of a server.
'Assign all logging methods to a class.
'dedent a function without indentation and docstrings.
'Returns the difference between two sequences.
'Convert a text string to a byte string'.
'Given a location, redirect to the location of the page.
'Return current memory usage'.
'Start a specific engine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL .
'Price-polic Price'.
'Creates a Identifier from the given node.
'Load the texture and save it.
'Return a subset of the items from the dictionary.
'Get the base path.'.
'List all available meta fields.
'Simple test function'.
'Call a function and log it if it fails.'.
'View for logging in a log buffer.'.
'Creates a log file with the given name and time.
'Returns a numeric identifier of the current git repository'.
'Utility function to split symbolically split dataframes into pairs DCNL Examples DCNL
'Delete a key based on the keys.
'Train using an HDF5 dataset with training data.'.
'Test basic usage of a simple basic script.'.
'Test to ensure proxy works'.
'Print a list of elements with the given list.'.
'Creates a host key for fqdn'.
'Get the server information for a certificate.
'Return the disk type.
'Assert that ``tindex`` is a non-indexable index.
'Ask for a joystick to joysticks'.
'return the size of the text box'.
'Multiply two polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Check if a PostgreSQL database exists.'.
'Return a path relative to $state_path.
'Exit the code when there are no arguments an action.
'Get the polar motion from the time (in seconds)'.
'Test that hdfl_optimization works with hdfs'.
'*musicpd.org, no idle response section:* DCNL ``no idle
'Check if a release is successful.
'Makes a naive datetime.datetime.datetime.
'OS-specific conversion from a relative URL of the \'file\' scheme DCNL to
'Convert a datetime to microseconds.
'Find all names of code in a code object.