'fill_and_verify that the kernel shape of `x` is of shape `
'build a tree structure structure from an ordered list of parents. DCNL queryset:
'Unserializes a packer dictionary from JSON. DCNL :param serialized_
'Match path of a step stderr file.
'Return a random integer number.'.
'Returns DCNL boolean DCNL True if x is a sparse variable, False
'Configures the os and pipe buffer sizes.'.
'Test Vi editing mode with vi.'.
'Scales array of time_seconds_arr by the specified unit'.
'Test that preprocesses are properly processed correctly.'.
'Load and return a context manager that will load the given plugins and DCNL then
'Test directory cannot be created with (back)slashes on their name.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Decorator that converts a function into an expected decorator.'.
'Test remote node with no connections'.
'Get the profile for a particular user, creating it if necessary.
'Set all hostnames to be used in the config.'.
'Generate a thumbnail filename with hashed options'.
'Insert or update an entry in the database.'.
'Validate one or more requirements.
'Returns a row from a cursor as a dict'.
'given a mod path (i.e.
'Returns a Message object for a response to `sock`.'.
'Filters a list of params according to the rules in RFC 2965.'.
'Location index page'.
'Remove trailing empty lines from the beginning.'.
'Return a copy of the effect with a comment.
'Retrieve opts for a given field name and opts for a given model.
'Returns True if the input is related to Hacker News. DCNL Arguments
'Ensure that the string field is present in the index.'.
'Run command.'.
'Shared code for use by all classes: DCNL write a representation to file-
'<word> -- Returns a random word usage with <word>.'.
'Creates a subscription on a given topic.'.
'The inverse of the inequality operator.
'Gets a virtual interface or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns list of versions for a specified lambda function. DCNL :param client:
'Calculates the size of each header table.
'Fix the indentation of *code* with *new_indents*.
'Given an iterable of lines, returns an Alignment object DCNL where each line is
'Displays text with line numbers.'.
'Gets link info for a network device'.
'If color is not given, returns the default color.
'Creates project objects for the given target_list.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Remove all cache entries from the master'.
'Returns HTTP headers.'.
'Retrieves the variables currently set on the minion and returns them DCNL
'Handle installing a single hue app.'.
'Load a PEM file'.
'Create a temporary directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Register class as a manager.
'Make the elements of l unique.'.
'blogger.get authors(api_key, username, password) DCNL
'Converts the given file-like object to a time stamp.'.
'Tries to find the command in the given paths'.
'Constructs a variable from the graph DCNL T: The graph DCNL
'Returns if the package control service is installed.'.
'Returns a (s, notes) tuple from a date or string, DCNL
'Get all snapshots for a project.'.
'Helper function to do the repositorypush.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the etcd service'.
'Setup an Encycles sensor.'.
'Export the library to XML format.'.
'Create, populate and return the VersioneerConfig() object.'.
'Test missing argument (without format)'.
'Creates a vstack. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of
'Send a file copy request to the server.
'Return the name of the MySQL error module associated with this connection.'.
'Close the container state file.'.
'Get the index of the shortest virtual line with at least one virtual line.'.
'Returns True if there is a semantic feasibility between G1 and G2'.
'base64 encodes the certificate, then sign it'.
'Sets the current environment.'.
'Return the glance metadata for all volumes.'.
'Compute cyclotomic roots of ``f``.
'Test loading of mappings using intersphinx mapping and mapping DCNL warnings.'.
'permutations(iterable) DCNL Args: DCNL iterable(iterable):
'Returns the creation sequence in uncompact format DCNL >>> uncompact(\
'Flattens an event into a human-readable string.'.
'Adds a block to the template context.'.
'http_data_real(a) -> dict DCNL Returns http_data
'Return the time zone offset of the given timezone name DCNL This function assumes that
'Print error messages to standard error.'.
'Takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order.
'Remove the old config files'.
'Clean an HTML snippet into a readable string'.
'Executes a task. DCNL :param key: Task key to execute DC
'Set the FREESURFER_HOME environment variable.
'Determine if the string ``s`` is an unexpression, i.e
'Check if the system is healthy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of devices, with all available information.
'Gets the recipe\'s name from the given package path.'.
'Convert a value to a string.
'Create a fake ORM instance and cache it.'.
'Is this a cluster in quorum DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Coerce \'value\' to a timestamp, if set or not nullable.'.
'Plot a image and patch it.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the command exists in the PATH.
'Get a category from the database via id.'.
'Re- invite all users to join the profile.'.
'Returns a message with the given exploration id, thread id, and message_id DC
'Dump a JTJobConfig to a file. DCNL :param conf:
'Update an account. DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL salt myminion
'Ensures that the keen schemas in source_collection to destination_collection match
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'Estimate the tied value from avg_means* with respect to x.'.
'Get the cascade precision.'.
'Show a diff to the current branch and its up-to-date state.'.
'Check if the user has access to the specified role.
'Returns the source code of a given object.
'Provides vmadm only on SmartOS'.
'Test iteration for evoked data.'.
'Require the iOS store.'.
'Authenticate the user against the auth pipeline.
'Return true if a path is absolute.'.
'Get the tab registry for the win_id and tab_id of the current widget
'Language: pt-br -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Write the entries to a file in the given format.
'Test reordering of prefixed entities.'.
'Return the top k words matching query'.
'A utility function that is called by :func:`parse` and :func:
'Create a list of domains with split_label attribute values.
'Return a list of all disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Retrieve a PEP 302 "importer" for the given path name.
'Only work on NetBSD'.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL
'skew test objective function.
'Get new repository.'.
'Enforce an action within a context.'.
'Checkcrc. DCNL This function checks the data against the check state and returns
'Build a simple tree that can be used as parameters for tree creation.'.
'Convert an instance id to an ec2_id.'.
'Edit service form.'.
'Return a dict of option values that can be used in coalesce_option'.
'RQ command line tool.'.
'A scenario table is solved against outlines'.
'Converts a namespace to a regular expression.
'Get credentials from session.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Helper to check whether a function returns a shape of d.'.
'Converts a dictionary of params to the incoming dictionary DCNL :param input_
'If header suppressed, the header should not be passed to read_no_header
'Return first n items of the iterable as a list'.
'This function is called by the Tool Shed when the user clicks a register button.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'is the home page a product?'.
'Ensure process doesn\'t start with lazy mode.'.
'Checks if the line is unformatted.
'Construct request body. DCNL Args: DCNL text: The text,
'each labeled point should be a pair (point, label)'.
'Helper to setup bem.'.
'Turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage DCNL Same as
'Given a URL path, find its context in which the page is DCNL located
'Write the sequence of images to a file.
'Write worksheet hyperlinks to xml.'.
'Reads the first line of the fastq stream to determine if the version is Nginx
'Return a list of module names that are imported from a Python extension module.
'Converts hex color codes to Cartesian color codes.'.
'Raises an exception if *domain* is not a valid domain name.
'Construct model operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL oper : str DCNL
'Load a description file from the experiment directory.
'Returns the number of words in the string.'.
'Calls oslo_db_api.retry_instance_update to retry the update
'Compare epochs infos. DCNL Parameters DCNL info1 : dict DCN
'Set the connection information to the register'.
'Main function.'.
'Parse a range header into (start, end) tuple.
'Scrub the share from the logs.'.
'Build all libraries for the universal recipe.'.
'<search term> - gets a bing image of <search term>.'.
'Uses autotag to search for a given album or artist.
'Get the string representation of the labels in a dictionary.'.
'Get the default locale fallback document and fallback reason.
'Error handler for shutil.rmtree that sets the read and write permissions DCN
'get_layer_variables. DCNL Get layer variables by name. DCN
'Repeat a tensor by `n` dimension.
'Convert datetime to milliseconds since epoch UTC.'.
'Return a mock request object to be used by the backend.'.
'Read bits, which are represented as a big-endian byte in the big-endian
'Test that an error is raised when the table is not binary and DCNL a
'Populates a set of objects with objects from a list of manualpois.
'Returns whether the firewall is initialized.'.
'check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the DCN
'Return clip path for Windows and other OS DCNL :param path: DCN
'When given a single existing key but the value is False, require() DCNL
'Detach from VM.'.
'Make sure the customergrouppric module is active'.
'If auth fails, raise 401 with a Basic Auth header.
'Generate a UUID from a host ID, sequence number, and the current time.
'Iterate over corpus, returning tags as (word, ne_tag) tuples.
'Create an instance of the user and save it in the administration group.'.
'Return an arbitrary free address for the given family'.
'Returns the disk usage (in bytes) for a disk DCNL :param d
'FileSystem.extract_zip with non-verbose arguments'.
'Remove all flows from the system'.
'Get triangle mesh from negatives, positives and negatives.'.
'Make a test filename for testing.'.
'Colorize a string. DCNL.
'Render a given template with any extra URL parameters in the context as DCNL ``
'Determines the correct rotation DCNL Parameters DCNL rotation : float DCN
'Remove dependent tasks that don\'t exist yet DCNL Returns a dict of task
'Return the extension of the given filename.'.
'This is a helper function for fix_artifact.
'Like `user_input`, but for cross compatibility between Python 2 and Python 3'.
'Test that setting learn_shift on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Encode data into a JSON string.
'Creates an environment and installs all necessary packages into it. DCNL :param
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Get the file name and line number of an exception thatraising this exception.
'Returns True if the platform is little endian. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Hack for httplib.dirtypatches().'.
'Print a list of all documents'.
'Notifications for modules'.
'Returns a list of resource pools associated with a given service instance.
'Download a poem from the given host and port.
'Fake version of json.loads_json_error.'.
'A view that redirects all requests to the GET view'.
'Return a list of keywords, e.g.
'Generate a unique message ID for this machine. DCNL.
'A view that indicates if the request was secure'.
'For sending email to community'.
'Checks if the invoice items in the redeemed list are blocked for the given
'Find the element with the given css selector DCNL :param css: The css
'Update xqueue\'s certificate.
'Create an element with the specified name and attributes and sub elements.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Ensure the DynamoDB table does not exist.
'Test json list'.
'Tests translation can be applied after translation.'.
'Evaluate a string source into a unicode string.
'Compute the convex hull of two convex hull.'.
'Attempt to parse XML as an error, return the exception value'.
'Compute the allowed methods on a C{Resource} based on defined render_FOO
'Poll for events on file descriptor. DCNL :param fd: file descriptor to
'Test that two vectors can be broadcast to form an outer DCNL product (by
'Load all plugins listed in `extra_dirs`, and fire an event for each to
'Get the first day of the month'.
'Create a list of RGB color(s, v, x, y) for each
'Delete a Document. DCNL Arguments: DCNL request: The request context
'Convert the value to an int.
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Return a new transform with an added offset. DCNL args: DCNL
'hexdump(data) -> list DCNL Yields (offset, value
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Create new custom chain to the specified
'Change some meta data from a disk cache.'.
'Stop a running session for the given module and number.'.
'Setup BloomSky sensor.'.
'Check that a plaintext password is hashed.
'Create a pkl graph and return it DCNL Parameters DCNL show_
'A wrapper for dvi.arg().'.
'Decorator to register a custom mapping type.
'Test desktop GL backend for full functionality.'.
'Returns the shape of the dot product between the linear_transform and the DCNL
'Parse and display the list of completions.'.
'Helper method used to determine if a course is a CCX or a Cyber
'Test that json_view raises an exception when there is a wrong type of json DC
'Redirect sys.{stdin} to restricted sys.{stderr, stdout, stderr}
'Returns the contents of the POST request.'.
'Simulates knots with more than one winner'.
'Return a list of the supported community plugins.'.
'Return the path to the pc settings file.'.
'Test Subunit output with one errors'.
'Displays the current page as a query string.
'Return the path of the auto config directory for the given osname.
'Generates signal error, harmonic approximation with ar, ma DCNL
' deducehelpful requirements and return the message.'.
'With colored output, an unsuccessful outline scenario should print beautifully.'.
'This function replaces arrays in code using bracket replacements, then DCNL returns new code
'Return the size of a file, reported by os.stat().'.
'Find the first option that matches the given command-line arguments.
'Write an example config file.'.
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a Poisson distribution. DCNL lam
'Test mne surf2bem.'.
'Return the string representation of a measure from a set of units DCNL :param
'Check the response from a L{gle} message.
'Returns a 32-bit integer range.'.
'This is a helper function: it returns a string representation of DCNL an ID
'Gets the list of topics in the course.
'decorator(caller) converts a caller function into a decorator'.
'Deletes keys from qos_specs.'.
'Return an SQLAlchemy query for all activities from a given user id.'.
'Returns reply to a standard document (in JSON format)'.
'Filter the attribute names in the ``a`` object to those in the DCN
'Demonstrates a demo. DCNL Args: DCNL num: The
'Add API-version specific endpoint tables.'.
'Trace an operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCN
'Execute command in a subshell, return status code. DCNL :returns:
'Test remote save_draft.'.
'Return netstat info DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'This view shows how it works, if the user is not logged in, DCN
'Run sudo on a user.
'Tars file into dir using a compiled tarball'.
'Add a `Bearer Token`_ to the URI.
'This test checks that the random numbers generated by _check_ consistency_cpu_parallel
'Tests that the min_zero property works.'.
'blogger.getcategories(blog_id, username, password) DCNL
'Return to the jumptop review window'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Add a new firewall rule DCN
'Creates a new stream.
'Log a message about error DCNL (e.g.
'wait for commands to finish'.
'Get the pid of the parent process of the given pid. DCNL :param
'Handle scroll events.'.
'Return the square-free part of ``f`` in ``K[X]
'Recursive helper for :func:`_dup_decompose`.'.
'Return True if the given path is a package, False otherwise.'.
'Runs the wireup subcommands from the command line.'.
'Get information about numa mapped device DCNL :param pid: process id DC
'Converts a timedelta object to a number of minutes.'.
'Test local path urls.'.
'[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]*'.
'Return the path component of an URL DCNL >>> url_path(\'http
'Replace the iOS\'s Media directory with what it was before.'.
'Return first n items of *seq*'.
'Test that if a axes is a list of axes.'.
'Get list of lens from given file. DCNL :param filename: path
'Run collection editor test'.
'A `redirect` function that redirects all requests to the GET view'.
'grouper(3, \'ABCDEFG\', \'x\') --> ABC
'Return the base path where a provided pack is located.
'List all the hosts for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Computes the determinant of a batch of numbers.
'Convert a JSON project to the native object.
'Create a random slice of a given list of length DCNL with corresponding Slic
'Return the time in seconds from the given uptime list. DCNL :param uptime
'Combine two flaky annotations into one.
'Unpublishes an collection. Commits changes.'.
'Removes all roles from a user on a project or domain.'.
'Return response from a JSON-RPC client.'.
'Get segment path.'.
'Parse /etc/resolv.conf and return the contents'.
'TODO: revisit'.
'Create a new blockdevice volume from an existing EBS volume.
'Check if two triangles are in the same mesh.
'If the suggestion is valid, add it to the translation table.
'Return the VM\'s size object'.
'Basic indexing with an array.'.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Only works on Windows systems with PyWin32'.
'Returns selected language\'s BiDi layout. DCNL * False = left-
'Return the default encoding if not found.'.
'Plists may have a RunAtLoad key.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL.
'Retrieve a configuration variable and fallback if it\'s not found DCNL :param
'Rolls back quota reservations.'.
'Check if the given version of keystone is available.'.
'Download one or more files to a directory.
'Shelved server. DCNL Args: DCNL servers_client:
'Assert that the help link is correct'.
'Set the currently active canvas DCNL Args: DCNL canvas: A canvas
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Given a path to a..
'Return marker, limit tuple from request.
'Test fix function.'.
'Require `afrikaans` Tutorial.'.
'Return the total number of physical memory allocated on the system.
'Group result by video. DCNL :param list_results: list of video
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for OPENSTACK configurations'.
'Parse an etag string.
'Main control function DCNL This either launches the gui or runs the command line application
'Add an user to the database.'.
'Returns a Style object with the color scheme.'.
':param t: String. DCNL :type t: int DCNL :
'Return an iterator over the values of a dictionary.'.
'Add info about the nearest patch to each other.
'Replaces everything that is after ``replace`` with ``int(val)`
'simplifies an expression into a dimension-less expression.
'Encode a varint as a zigzag encoded integer.'.
'Tests creating a translated field in a migration that supports DCNL translation.'.
'Return osquery_sockets information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Evacuate all instances from failed host.'.
'A factory function that returns a Leviability object.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs via the ORM'.
'Create the CTF name from the given directory and extra.'.
'Allow access to this user in the course.
'Revoke roles from a Mongodb user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'List clusters for each datacenter; or clusters for a specified datacenter in DCNL this
'Extract version information from the given file.'.
'Get uniform linear layout of points.'.
'Yield n colors from the hsv space'.
'Get a list of ACL groups.
'Generate tokens from the given file.'.
'Gets a metric by name from a nonphylogenetic metric list.
'Parse a query given as a string argument.'.
'Remove stopwords on a list of tokens.
'Return True if the given shell is currently running in an IPython shell.'.
'Return the swap size.'.
'Removes the file or symlink from the given path.'.
'Generate URLs for the MusicBrainz XML system.'.
'exec_script(script_filename, env, *args) DCNL Execute
'Check if spec_info is a list. DCNL :param spec_info
'Check the accepted and rejected directories for the raetkey'.
'Test dict key completion'.
'Check if input string is a float'.
'Return True if a sparse vector is next to each other.'.
'Retrieves a series by id.
'Register user. DCNL :param request: The django request context DCNL
'See :class:`UploadToS3`.'.
'Does `node_op` have an inverse pair?'.
'Gets the last account that a nick was logged in'.
'Check if object is undefined.
'get a `docinfo` from the database DCNL :param args: DC
'Get a catalog object by name.
'Tests that pylearn2.utils.contains_inf() works.'.
'Finds most of the lines in the file specified by filename and returns them DCN
'Get the default unit format as specified in a config file.'.
'Iterate over struct items, using the given test object.'.
'Rolls back changes DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Prints total and average for all results.
'return true if the node is the builtins node'.
'Normalize mode string. DCNL :param mode: mode to be either a string
'Get the prioritystrict for an element'.
'humanize the clock'.
'Parse a egg_info file and return a dictionary keyed by name.
'An implementation of the winget Raw device.
'Wrapper on image_resize_image, to resize images larger than the standard DCN
'Unregister an event handler.
'Conditionally wrap given command in env.shell (if sudo is set)'.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Extract the value at the given path from a dictionary.'.
'Get geometry output by side loop.'.
'Migrate search migrations for elasticsearch'.
'Main.'.
'A user structure.'.
'Return a list of table names'.
'Validate options. DCNL :param dict options: DCNL :type options
'Sample from a random integer.
'Assert that two arrays are the same type.
'A with-context that creates a temporary file.
'Unpacks 1 to 4 byte integers (big endian).'.
'fill_array(arr) -> array DCNL Fills an array with a
'Create a grid of points.
'Reload the salt minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resets the quota handler for the current thread.'.
'Get all entry points extensions from the builtin data group.'.
'Return n colors from a colormap with defaults set to a fixed value. DCNL
'Return (z,p,k) for Nth-order Chebysh
'Split estimator into subsets based on indices.
'Test x_labels option'.
'Convert between two formats.
'test that this is the main function'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Take an object and clipped it for a list or string that is not DCN
'Return True if the repository has all the reviewes that have the specified changeset_
'Get the user base directory for the platform.
'Validates that value contains a valid regex.'.
'Attaches a volume. DCNL This will attach a volume to the server.
'Remove temporary files created while running the tests.
'Test Maxshielding.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.
'Shuffle the list.'.
'Group data into batches of size batch_size.'.
'Format the changes dict according to the orchestration rules DCNL :param
'Deletes an existing instance_info_cache record DCNL :param instance_
'Determines the attribute flags for the given attributes'.
'Convert a string into a list of indices.'.
'Respond with JSON which contains a summary of all sale for the given course.'.
'Returns True if the input is related to Hacker News. DCNL Arguments
'Add a resource to the container'.
'Prompt the user for some input and return.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test Marshmallow Schema'.
'Check to see if profile already has been associated with an instance.
'Get a crafted shape file from a list of procedures.'.
'get cgroup mount point'.
'Dumps data into the given file.'.
'Returns a localized representation of dtime.'.
'Makes a list of ``Node``s that can be used as managed by
'Show a tag. DCNL :param repo: A `Repo` object DC
'Convert a sympy Matrix/complex number to a numpy matrix or scalar.'.
'Get a list of VMs that are on the provider.'.
'Unblock a specific bluetooth device by BD Address DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Return the resource directory structure.'.
'Given an absolute name, return the name associated with it as a zone.
'Determine if one resource is inside the other.
'unary_expression : MINUSMINUS'.
'Returns the raw value read from the persistent store.'.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL. DCNL >>> urllib.quote
'create a dummy array from array-like numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Convert a string representation of a bool into a bool value'.
'Call texmf to find a file in the current directory.
'Send a list of inventories to the resource provider.
'Get the downloader that can handle the info dict.'.
'Package up a tarball and convert to package_out'.
'Converts an IP address to int type representation. DCNL :param ipstr
'Run the convert command with the given args.'.
'Disable availability zones for ELB.
'Returns the percentage of CPU used by the current process, DCNL between 0 and
'Makes a declaration from a list of dtypes and a loop order.'.
'Push release-specific translations to Transifex.'.
'monitors a list of accounts and monitors'.
'Same as a + b.'.
'Displays a box with add-on reviews.'.
'Return a dict describing specific group_type with extra_specs and projects.'.
'Render a template with a given context using Jinja2.
'Open indices for singletons'.
'Prints all the decoders.'.
'Return True if service is found in path'.
'Check that y is a classification target, and raises an error if it is not.
'Fit a new curve to the given function.
'Check simple ncfileobj parameters are consistent'.
'Forces a specific job to be executed, force it to DCNL another running
'Run commands using vagrant'.
':param optionable_type: The type of optionable to generate.
'When Scenario#from_string() is called with a single quotes inside the scenario,
'List all the Q threads (default: all threads)'.
'Verify the expected normal mode on an image.'.
'Write a text only if it is readable.'.
'Delete a repository.'.
'Returns True if provided address in printable format belongs to DCNL _allocated_ link
'Extract x,y coordinates from read name.'.
'Decrypt with aes DCNL.
'Return a socket.socket object for the given ip address.'.
'Configure a Windows proxy. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Convert four hex colors to RGBA colors.
'Return a list of revisions for a package.
'Save photos to a user\'s personal library.
'Returns the temperature in degrees Celsius.'.
'Updates the version field in the table.'.
'Converts cloud_instance into a unique id.
'Remove file from database'.
'Check connectivity to a given cluster.
'Initialize strategy module. DCNL.
'Return a list of all matches in the string.
'Marks text as a blank separated string so that it can be used as a URL
'Determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the list.'.
'Set quota usage dirty bit for resources and tenant. DCNL :param context:
'Return a list of feature IDs from a list of fasta files.
'A context manager that augments usage errors by replacing the context with a DCNL
'Remove temporary files created while running the tests.'.
'Sets the vlanid state to be unused'.
'Like ` pprint.pformat` but returns unicode string.'.
'Return the value of a polynomial ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x
'Transposes a Matrix. DCNL >>> transpose([1, 2, 3]) DCNL
'Returns True if val is string, False otherwise'.
':rtype: dict[str, str]'.
'Monitor configuration property DCNL name DCNL The name of the property. DC
'Expands a SQL query and replaces column names with safe ones DCNL and replaces
'Collect with respect to a sum'.
'Compare two keys and return a boolean value.'.
'Prints a list of container groups DCNL Args: DCNL api:
'Helper function to generate a systemctl command.
'Provides the siblings along the path to a given page list based on DCNL
'Writes the string ``content`` to ``output_path``.
'Helper function to create a temporary file, replace specified file with the specified data.'.
'Try to get a connection with a very specific set of values, if we get DC
'Test set. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Check if user is welcome to upload file. DCNL :param email: email
'Set the icon for a tool file.
'Make the raw mod(s) available DCNL :param dict opts: The
'Fetches the approval token for an object.
'Searches for the desktop module with the given name and returns it.
'Determine if a tool dependency can be created.
'Encode the given list of raw bytes as Z85 characters.
'Returns a domain name from a string or list of strings'.
'Checks for valid DNA characters in header and adds to errors DCNL header: list
'Split a list of command-line arguments into one dictionary per line.'.
'Create a date formatter with *numticks* (approx) and a date formatter DC
'Remove non-default modules'.
'Install a signal handler which will catch the given signal. DCNL.
'Implements hadoop fs -mkdir on a file.'.
'Checks if we are running BSD. DCNL :returns: **bool**
'Greatest common divisor using Euclid\'s algorithm.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to testremoveviewpoint service API call.'.
'Mock API to get recording info by id'.
'Cache a namespace key. DCNL Args: DCNL ns_key:
'Issue a deprecation warning. DCNL :param s: The string that should be
'Convert the Numba type into a valid Python type string.'.
'Return a context manager that acquires a lock on the user\'s system.'.
'Display the craft dialog.'.
'Compute the hash of athesubdb file in a given path.
'Sets the module\'s verbosity.'.
'Creates a directory with no directories specified, which will DCNL be automatically created
'Get flavor extra specs.'.
'Check the status of a Datapusher. DCNL :param context: The
'Unpack lines from a string'.
'Add a temporary rule to the csf denied hosts.
'Return all members of an object as (name, value) pairs sorted by name.
'Converts a DKL *DKL * DKL * Requires the
'Same as test_req_case_file_index, but with different DCN
'Reports index page'.
'Simple sequences for HL0b.
'Marks a function as no longer callable on disk.'.
'Lock lease. DCNL name DCNL The name of the lease file.
'Parse a preference file, returning a dictionary DCNL keyed by preference'.
'<user> - gets information about <user>'.
'Return the variance of a random expression DCNL Examples DCNL >>> variance(\
'Take a list of items and group by a function that returns a dictionary DCNL
'Test MNE inverse computation with noise covariance matrices.'.
'Converts a date in matroska\'s date format to a datetime
'Check csf status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'conditional_expression : logical_or_expression'.
'Returns True if the secret is decryptable by the given user.'.
'Verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted.
'`caching` is enabled without `a` backend.
'Filters out any filter words that aren\'t part of a release name.
'Return a path to a Vista hypervisor command DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Parse a template tag string.'.
'Filters out non-empty values in the list.
'SharedVariable Constructor for RandomState.'.
'Unsubscribe user from basket newsletters.'.
'Assigns the given user to the page and returns the page object.
'Signal handler for printing out memory stats for the process.
'full-like function for rolling line segments DCNL Parameters DCNL df :
'Return bench function name from bench function'.
'Join two or more path components into a single path.'.
'Kotanchek function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_
'Collects stat results and updates metadata in the archive DCNL :param stat_
'Run command and return stdout and stderr.
'Removes noise characters from output_string DCNL :param output_string:
'Ajax preview of the answer.'.
'Read a string.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the kind is unknown.'.
'Test DB connection'.
'List projects modified since a revision'.
'Context manager that removes the given path on error.
'Returns thesmart path for the given challbs.'.
'Parse a media descriptor object.
'Makes a dense tensor. DCNL Args: DCNL targets: A
'Stops all the containers.'.
'Returns a list of phred quality codes for the given record.'.
'Get instance uuid by name_label.'.
'Get statistics about the consumer.'.
'Iterate over all modules in a package DCNL :param package: The module
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'If the given credentials are valid, return a User object.'.
'Given a subreddit name, make a new subreddit with that name, and return
'Convert a file to a genclientlib.
'Return the elapsed time between two events.'.
'check to make sure set_color works properly'.
'Make sure that we can push a popd object into the working directory.'.
'Add lights from the main Qwikswitch component.'.
'Returns a suite of random tests.
'Edit an alias.'.
'Initialize an addon with the given name, and returns a configuration object.'.
'Returns the name of a file-like object as a string.
'Convert milliseconds since epoch to number of microseconds.'.
'Returns an iterable of all available service types.'.
'Convert quoted string literals to unquoted strings with escaped quotes and DCNL backslashes un
'Create a context. DCNL Arguments: DCNL keyspaces - list of
'Task add new task'.
'Creates an event rule. DCNL date_rule: date rule DCN
'Read the version number from `version_file` and return it.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Revoke all user certs.'.
'get_user_password(sockfile) -> (user, password)'.
'The restful handler for XBlock outline. DCNL GET DCNL html:
'Expands the path of the cookie file to use for tor.
'Returns the most recent release tag available for this release. DCNL Returns: DC
'Filter the table to only be used if filter_table_to_core is called
'Apply migrations for OAuth template facts'.
'Compute histogram of vals inside bins.'.
'Return a list of all available kernels DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return users information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extract links from link headers.'.
'Initialize the dogstatsd server.'.
'Builds the qos policy spec.'.
'Get stock balance for posting item DCNL :param item_code: item code
'Get composite indexes from old_entity and new_entity, populate them as necessary.
'Get cluster status DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test `help` command for commands that exit status should equal to OK'.
'Scours the coordinates.'.
'Create a Campaign with a Shared Bidding Strategy.
'Setup the Demo sensor.'.
'Starts a VM'.
'Calculate the root mean of an image.'.
'Dump a list of hex strings in a buffer.'.
'Return a logger with the specified name, creating it if necessary.
'create ar the correlation matrix DCNL k_vars: number of variables in k
'Takes a list of generators, and converts it to a tuple of generators.'.
'Find the end of a inline expression.'.
'It should extract the name of the scenario'.
'Print a list of files'.
'Creates and returns an HTTP client.'.
'Expects \'user_name\', \'group_id\', \
'Test Filter Label 1'.
'Convert x to a byte string.'.
'This will store the current time zone in the context.
'check that a already-existing amount is not a same amount as a reference in a
'Create a list of formatters based on the config.'.
'Undo the logger setup by removing the extra handler from it'.
'Expands gallery thumbnail name and returns it as a list of lines.'.
'Convert columns into image.'.
'Provides the name of the process with the given pid. DCNL :param
'Checks to see if the current working directory is present.
'Folder to edit.'.
'Stop all or specified cover.'.
'Return True if class is a metaclass.'.
'Returns the global unicast address associated with provided DCNL interface, in network form
'Process movie reviews in the sentiment report.'.
'If there are extensions that are enabled, load them and add them to the review DC
'Extract word embeddings'.
'Set the media player associated with the media_list_player instance. DCNL
'Coerce \'x\' to a list.'.
'Find children that don\'t point to their parents.'.
'Change security of the user cookie.'.
'Return a list with all unique elements in l, preserving order.'.
'Clears the screen.'.
'Test the compound gate.'.
'Format a C{example} object into text. DCNL.
'Converts CamelCase into snake_case.
'Return the logfile for a given name'.
'Get difference loops.'.
'Pads to a string length n, the number leading up to n.'.
'Retrieve a provider class by name. DCNL :param name: name of the
'Change username DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Show the metadata of a resource DCNL resource_id DCNL ID of
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Returns the square root of x, y, z.'.
'Make a unicode path.'.
'Wrapper around db.get_value to handle db.get_value().'.
'Test HelpCommand.run when it doesn\'t exist'.
'Release an EIP'.
'ResNet-V1 model of [1].
'Clip a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert the packed IP address from network form into text representation. DCNL.
'Test stft.'.
'>>> get_cython_version() DCNL [1, 2, 3]) DC
'Returns a list of the CREATE INDEX SQL statements for all models in the given app.
'Remove download or media extension from name (if any)'.
'Return the given limit of recently changed package packages.
'Example of a simple convolutional network.'.
'Check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages DCNL CLI Example:
'Establish a connection between a server and a client.'.
'Create a slug from the template_title_prefix prefix and the current request.'.
'Convert a CFFI object with the given name to a Python object. DCNL
'Get the argument specification of a callback function or method.
'Update the current user\'s Organisation DCNL.
'return a list of sparse blocks DCNL Parameters DCNL tuples : list of
'Fix one or more lines of a source file.
'Run command and return its output DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the configuration options from the minion'.
'Test template context provided by the user.'.
'An error is raised if a bundle cannot be created with no output'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Convert a file name to a list of file labels. DCNL.
'Given a list of tokens, create a transformationToken objects.
'Sets the tax info in the session'.
'Return a boolean representing the value of the regex object.'.
'Make a request to the Appveyor API.
'List all installed apps.'.
'Sets the DiffOpcodeGenerator class used for generating opcodes.
'Expands the dimensions in a tensor.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'env\'
'Create a temporary script file for the given effects.
'append ``p`` to ``p`` if it\'s a directory,
'Determine if wildcard is in use in the db.'.
'Send an email to a user with a member removed from the group.'.
'Validate a user against a resource.
'Returns console width'.
'Sort based on IP address'.
'The restful handler for course indexing. DCNL GET DCNL html:
'Delete files needed for previewing an image.'.
'Returns True if the polarity of s >= threshold.'.
'Return the discriminant of C(a, b, c) for a and
'Read user dict with default value.'.
'A simple view that returns the request data in the POST.
'Find a cdll library object by name.'.
'Helper function that creates a new grant IP middleware DCNL :param app: the
'Run pylint on a set of files.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with `backticks\
'ct_headers: Sequence of Content-Type headers DCNL url: Response URL
'Return a list of keyspaces available to the minion DCNL CLI Example:
'Maldives specific template settings for CAP: Common Alerting Protocol'.
'Return the default args for a new object.'.
'Tries to import an expression from a module.
'Yield messages from a CSV file.
'Creates a Multiple Attendance Records.
'Given a user id, return a message to indicate that the user is like DCN
'Converts list of tuples into a dictionary with the stat details. DCNL header
'unquote_string(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\
'Return a datetime from the date in the Gregorian ordinal as specified by DCNL
'Checks if a summary tag exists.
'Get input file path.'.
'Gets the sum of losses needed to sum up the number of clones.'.
'Extract user, email, and fullname from a dn_string.
'Build a string representation of a song, filtering by metadata.'.
'Returns the number of dictionaries for a given language and project.'.
'Search for recordings and return a dict with an \'recording-list\'
'Replaces a torrent directory with a new one, returning the original DCNL folder
'Add counts for each sample to the summary mapping DCNL otu_table:
'Find compute nodes by hypervisor.'.
'Apply post processing to OTU fasta file, denoised_seqs_
'Return the path to the if-exists command. DCNL Arguments: DCN
'Try to discover an executable in the site-packages directories.
'Check multi line docstring end. DCNL cinder HACKING guide recommendation for docstring
'Event: wait until a coroutine finishes, and return the result.'.
'Checks ifafni is NOT installed DCNL used with skipif to skip tests
'Return pylint version'.
'Return the volume summary for a project. DCNL :param context: The request
':type cmd: str DCNL :type line: str DCNL :type
'Return a string of the translation of the message.'.
'Extract sort_key and sort_dir from request, return as a list of tuples
'Inverse hyperbolic secant'.
'Returns the Hessian of a point.
'Helper to convert a human readable size to bytes'.
'Set Evoked or Drain option'.
'Execute the kadmin command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_eval_tail`.'.
'Get the cubic path.'.
'Converts newlines into <p> and <br />s.'.
'Construct a Target instance for a build package.
'Accepts an expression and returns a list of equivalent expressions.
'Updates the status of a collection in the search index.
'Sorts a list of paths in one PCAP order, then returns the output DC
'Update the singleton instance to reflect the latest version of the DCNL class.'.
'Check whether pid exists in the current process table.'.
'Read the next string value from a ssh-read command. DCNL.
'Given a list of output names, return a dict which may be empty, DCN
'Reload routes'.
'Return a synchronization wrapper for a RawArray'.
'Setup a MQTT light.'.
'Return True if the given attribute is a valid IPv4 or IPv6comm attribute.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
' tag the current release.'.
'Write a text view to the preview window and post the text.'.
'Parameters DCNL groupby: list[str] DCNL rule: list[
'Create a CSR or CSR dataset with samples drawn from y.'.
'Sort the contents of a tree by a given column number.
'Make sure that the variants are saved correctly.'.
'Create contiguous array type calls for the given signature DCNL with the given arguments.
'Test plotting of topo image epochs.'.
'Given credentials read from the config, return a dict of DCNL the HTTP headers
'Rebuild lib DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Replaces instances like \'MID(A, B, C)\' with
'Return the DiffRenderer class used for rendering diffs.'.
'Load the list of test modules.'.
'Get list of commits. DCNL github_api : version of github api to
'Return status code plus status text descriptive message'.
'Sleep for the given number of seconds and return a Deferred that DCNL can be
'Get the root URL.'.
'Unescape the XML content of a XML node.
'Return True if *obj* is iterable and contains any items that are not DCN
'Add faces from a convex polygon.'.
'Find the top level namespace.'.
'Switch sqlite connections to synchronous mode.'.
'Add two 32-bit integers'.
'List devices. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'If include_names is not None, the parser should exclude the columns in exclude_
'Only load the module if git is installed'.
'Show pillar data DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'callback to parse key=value strings'.
'Fixture providing a set of test parameters for the application.'.
'Test `on_focus_changed` which generates a stack trace from DCNL
'Patch the cmdutils stubs in the fake module.'.
'Inserts data into the database.
'Send password changed notice to specified user. DCNL :param user: The user
'Add arguments specific to the loadgraph subcommand to generate.'.
'Filter the iterator removing symbols that are not in exclude.'.
'Datetime to Decimal. DCNL Some databases don\'t store microseconds in datetime DC
'return the source and line number of the node DCNL Given a node, return
'Normalize a path. os.path.normpath()'.
'Perform DESeq2 negative binomial Wald differential abundance test on a
'pkgname = get_using_path() DCNL Convert the path to the
'unary_expression : MINUSMINUS'.
'Given a valid config, create a bucket.
'Makes a color out of range(color, alpha) according to the mode given
'Remove one or more repeated elements of the sequence inds.
'Execute the command line application from the command line.'.
'Pause a server.'.
'Parse out the out of the response. DCNL.
'Normalize a string, eliminating diacritics if necessary.
'Discretize model fields with different types.'.
'Ensure that a network is absent.
'Return a list of latlng-like objects from a list or tuple itself DCN
'Generates a bq schema that describes the columns in a pandas DataFrame.
'Return a sort key to sort sort strings in ascending order.'.
'Supports the command-line arguments listed below.'.
'Check to see if a graph is connected.
'Return the contents of an interface script DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Inplace column scaling of a CSR matrix.
'Get new repository.'.
'Encode passwords. DCNL pw DCNL Name of the password to encode.
'Set new audio output. DCNL.
'Deprecated decorator, please use :func:`Service` instead.'.
'Checks the given atom is a valid string.'.
'Categorical cross-entropy. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true :
'Returns a product instance.'.
'Test a pie with half a pie'.
'Imports an object by name.
'Test for reproducible PDF output: figure with different format'.
'Get files which have a given file type, but with do not contain a word in
'Creates logout url. DCNL :param slug: Configuration slug. DCN
'Return the effective request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.
'Copy a directory tree. DCNL :param src: Source directory DCNL
'Clears the default screen.'.
'Return the VM\'s location.
'Converts a vector into a 2-D tensor of the form (x1, *x
'Truncating should not truncate field xss.'.
'Initialize the initial state for the network.
'Gets the field named `field_name` of ` _object` to
'Compute Gaussian log-density at X for a full covariance matrix, DCNL with
'Load a tree from CIX data DCNL.
'empty_trash() DCNL Returns: DCNL True/False'.
'Renders a diff comment fragment link.
'Splits a named range into multiple sheet names and numbers.'.
'Set the "Vary" header of the response if it exists. DCNL
'Get all entry points for the user extensions.'.
'Redirect to the recent scans page if a match is found.'.
'Test regularization of noise covariance.'.
' window_none(x) -> None'.
'Attempts to parse a TCP/IP packet, returning a tuple of DCNL (
'Returns print HTML. DCNL :param doctype: DocType of the print format
'Generates an array of triangular angles on a meshgrid of size n.
'Clears the cache (if used) each time a site is saved or deleted DC
'Returns a stream of the logged-in user.'.
'Creates two exits to and from the first to thenorth and next to the
'Return a *safe* weak reference to a callable target DCNL target -- the
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Determines if a bucket name is a subdomain compatible.
'Convenience function to check if a string matches an OBO-to-O
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Raise a TypeError if to_call is not a callable with any arguments.
'Print a summary of all plugins and optionally the metadata of each DCNL module.
'Detach a backing devices DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Join list with given separator and return as a list of strings.
'Finds a list of free ports in the range [start_port, end_
'Wrapper around Popen().'.
'Test to make sure that the HTML writer won\'t segfault when DCNL
'Returns a list of tuples (script, choices) that indicate whether DCNL each
'Return the WindowsCompiler name for this platform.'.
'This method starts the download of all video files in the given DCNL language and
'Deletes the specified security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that the inner graph is the same as the original inner graph.'.
'Makes sure the result is a Geometries.'.
' parent is a parent object DCNL child is a namedtuple DCNL parent is
'Make sure that config options that are not created from defaults are ignored'.
'Create a GitHub API build URL.
'Returns set of permissions for given urls.'.
'Return a new GType object.
'Object type comparisons should always use isinstance().
'Attach a managed policy to a role.
'Send a notification about server group update.'.
'Return a WSGI resource object'.
'Return the weight `k` of the word given the document `d` DCN
'Get the pricing module.'.
'Ensure downloader is free space before download'.
'fill a element DCNL :param css_selector: DCNL :type
'Return a list of available colours. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Return a template with a tag dict DCNL Takes a tag name and returns
'Test the creation of a file with the image_id field.'.
'Load information from an environment variable DCNL Returns DCNL (executable, version
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Interpret a boolean as a numeric value as a Python int.'.
'Wraps a fragment in a wrapper fragment.'.
'List all keys in GPG public key database'.
'Saves a sequence of bytes or unicode to a file-like object.
'Create or resurrect directory with the given name and parent. DCNL If
'Get the datacenter of the chassis.
'Compute the power of a matrix on the nearest neighbors.
'Main control function. DCNL This function is called every time a service starts up
'Context manager for assuming(). DCNL Accepts *assumptions*.'.
'Internal routine to get a uid from a user name'.
'Get paginator variables.'.
'Take a string in hex format and return a string of DCNL 8bit ints
'Use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible'.
'Presents the browser window for the given element and moving it to the DCNL
'>>> urlunsplit(\'https://api.example.com\') DCN
'Validate the compatibility of the assert_tools_ simple_transform DCNL sample.
'Return reStructuredText formatting function.'.
'Mean gradient of x with respect to beta.'.
'Create a overlay workflow that can be used to create a list of overlays DCN
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Get a service proxy DCNL Return A service proxy object for use with the proxy
'Apply all the changes in a collection to a collection.'.
'Returns the version of the specified executable, DCNL or False if the executable is
'delete lead addresses for given company name'.
'update flagged status'.
'Write a single image tag.'.
'Fetch an MSX HDU and return it'.
'Return an array of (user, reviews) pairs, keyed DCNL by all
'Resets the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.IntegerProperty``.'.
'Return request-host, as defined by RFC 2965.
'Finds the minimizer for a quadratic polynomial that goes through DCNL the
'Check if an Arch Linux package is installed.'.
'Start the django application DCNL Args: DCNL app_name: the
'Ensure that hug\'s nullable type works as expected'.
'Return read geometry module if it\'s installed and correct DCNL version.'.
'return a mimification of a file DCNL infile DCNL input is either
'Determine function name type.'.
':type event: cloudbot.event.Event DCNL :rtype:
'Return the common parent directory of the given pathList'.
'Remove DNSmasq accept rules for a bridge.'.
'Generate a fathead document in the specified folder.'.
'Return a dict of keys that differ with another.'.
'Move up or down the stack (for the py-up/py-down command
'Add multiplier to an array and scale it. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the host for this VM.'.
'Return row and column labels that are appropriate for joining the DCNL table labels
'Returns a list of tuples that indicate that the order of the elements DCNL is
'Fix some fields in makefile. If do_apply: DCNL If do_
'Convert a pandas index or multiindex to labels.'.
'Sum the largest k elements of an expression.
'Returns the value of the current stock adjustment.
'Returns a connection to the underlying S3 service.
'List table names in a given schema'.
'Return the base directory of the project that should be portable. DCNL :
'Get the inputs and outputs for a given node in the graph.'.
'Return a qualifying name for a module/package name.
'User form.'.
'Delete a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Compute the cross-val score for the given est.'.
'`[ldap] user_enabled_emulation_use_group` is an
'Create a network interface'.
'Render a template into a string. DCNL :param template_name: The
'Get the maximum span of the loop.'.
'Create a fake blockdevicem mapping object.'.
'Get the info structure for a container, based on env and app.
'.. versionadded:: 0.17.0 DCNL Create aifo character device. DCN
'Calculate the default directory to use for temporary files.
'Render a report. DCNL :param cr: The report to render. DC
'Unsubscribe a user from a topic.
'Yields tuples of key, value pairs for each item in mapping.
'Returns a list of all headers, matching the criteria DCNL general DCNL
'Remove a user from the group.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Enable or disable foreign keys on the table.'.
'Logs a message about the debug log.'.
'the remove patch operation for a list of (path, value) tuples on an Api
'Check an anchor by hash. DCNL.
'Get or create a hosted zone by name. DCNL :param zone_name
'Make sure that we don\'t try to run a docker build with a different version
'Remove a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Checks if the index_name is a valid index name.
'Converts None to the corresponding null object.
'Get all volume summary. DCNL :param context: The security context DCN
'Write a docstring dict to a file'.
'Returns the kernel architecture (i.e.
'Return data to a memcache data store'.
'returns a loader that uses the filesystem loader for the tests.'.
'Test label io vs time course estimates'.
'Validate the provided covariance matrices.
'Retrieve the portage object from the path DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Quote a string such that it will be interpreted as a file name in DCNL
'Simple test program.'.
'Return a list of groups the named user belongs to DCNL CLI Example: DC
'String-to-key hash for RAR3.'.
'Deletes a vlanid entry from db'.
'Render the openid request.'.
'Returns the nth root of a mod p.
'Morning Dojistar'.
'Iterate over all items of a SObject. DCNL.
'Add a service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'gpu_reduce_cuda(gpu_elemwise(x)) -> gpu_reduce
'Check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages DCNL Options: DC
'Read object from network socket'.
'Ensure the SQS queue exists.
'Inject create_tags into class_attributes[\'create_tags\']'.
'Efficiently compute a series of univariate polynomials over finite fields.'.
'Get a user from switch DCNL.
'Runs a WSGI function as an SCGI server.'.
'Fonseca multiobjective function. DCNL :math:`
'Show the console output of the given server.'.
'Retrieve all the module bookmarks actions DCNL Args: DCNL parent: The
'Displays an RGB image.
'Read lines from a file and return a list of lines.
'Verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when --exit-on-collection-
'Determine the next host to start on.
'namespace_scope : ID DCNL | QLITERAL DCNL | CODE DC
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'Expand ~ and ~user constructions.
'Compute polynomial LCM of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Parent copy loop. DCNL Copies DCNL pty master ->
'getwhere(x) -> np.array DCNL Returns the sum of the
'Compute an optional configuration property that can be used with get_optional_conf.
'Load zen mode data and display search results.'.
'Convert an object to a list of arguments.'.
'Test delete category.'.
'Ensures an object is a commit.'.
'Open penultimate page with svgviewer'.
'Format a response for a list of messages'.
'Create a bundle of static asset directories, and copy files to them.
'Import an object, or return None if the object does not exist.'.
'Rebuild a function.'.
'Helper to split the netmask and raise AddressValueError if needed'.
'Return the full path to rcctl command'.
'Return marker, limit tuple from request.
'Convert an lxml element to a dict DCNL :param element: DCNL
'Remove specified xml attributes from the specified element.'.
'Returns the context to use in rendering the current page.'.
'Parse a test_files option and return a tuple of name, list DCNL
'Format power for human friendly representation. DCNL Arguments: DCNL power (
'Extracts the presentation id from the provided ``adml_data`` node and
'Wrapper for dump_fn. dump_fn writes its results to a stream object and
'Parses an integer. DCNL.
'Require the /en/tutorial/tutorial.po store.'.
'Find child node with given tag'.
'Returns a dictionary of settings, keyed by key.
'Colorize text. DCNL Arguments: DCNL text: The text to
'Return a list of (x, y) tuples for all (x, y)
'Extract the limit parameter from the request to get the value of the DCNL parameter
'Retrieve all modules from the perspective and try to import them and set the active DCN
'return difference between cur_val - last_val, update last_val'.
'Tries to make an ssh connection using a private key.
'Test has_eeg_average_ref_proj.'.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.'.
'Like decorator_from_middleware, but returns a function DCNL that accepts a
'Decrypts in_stream using the given mode and writes the output out_stream
'Returns a prime number that can be stored in \'nbits\' bits.
'Determine whether the trailing blank line is the same as the last line DCNL
'Converts a docfreq of ``docfreq`` to the total documents, using
'Publish web2py test'.
'Returns True if the given `sql` contains an opening quote'.
'Return the AAAA record for ``host``.
'Write data to a temporary file DCNL :param directory: path to directory,
'Simple command-line program for listing the available datastores.'.
'return expresioned expression DCNL >>> t = symbol(\'t\
'Creates an edit handler for a form class.
'Converts a html element to all tags with the same DCNL prefix as the
'Return the indices where ravel(condition) is true'.
'Set whether to do rate limiting.'.
'Ensure that non-unique prefix completion works (wrt input)'.
'Finds the date from the relative day of the current day and DCNL the
'Check if rbenv is installed.
'Finds the majority of the elements in the list. DCNL >>> find
'Solves the discrete Lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation.
'getPrime(N:int, randfunc:callable):long DCNL Return
'Takes a type and a pointer that is passed to it as an argument DCN
'Convert a unicode string to a list of ints.'.
'Clear all caches. DCNL :returns: **list** DCNL :
'Convert a regular expression to a regular expression.
'Finds the hash of a dict. DCNL :param item: dictionary,
'Expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__'.
'Compute derivative of ``f`` in ``x_0`` to the ``m
'Return the highest-time ID for the database, as compared by the DCNL
'Returns mapview config as a dictionary with keys starting with \'namespace\'.'.
'struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration'.
'GpuSparseBlockOuter(inplace=False) -> GpuSparseBlockOuter(
'Split a string into a list of integer groups.'.
'Get the zip file corresponding to the given course_id.
'Backwards compatible version of superconsole.keys().'.
'Test that cookiecutter\'s no_input_return_project_dir
'Check if minc is installed DCNL Return ``True`` if we\'
'Find element with given path and return its default text.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Return a dictionary of the values that were logged in from the given datastore change DCN
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Sci image with current axes.
'Gets the membership data for the user on a given project.
'Return True if the stream with the given name is public.'.
'Test inverse link function.'.
'Return True if all keys in a dictionary are unique, otherwise return False'.
'Returns the polynomial of degree `n` in `a` with coefficients `x`.
'Switches the organization. DCNL orgname DCNL Name of the organization
'Parse string b into an iterator of (key, value) pairs.'.
'Get a rendered template as a string iterator.
'Convert package name to a string for comparison.'.
'Tries to guess the filename of the given object.'.
'AlreadyRunningError is raised if the problem is already running.'.
'Checks whether ``expected`` and ``got`` are sufficiently close, DC
'Retrieve a queryset from a class or from its default manager.
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Test float_range without error checking.'.
'Exit the program, raising the SystemExit.'.
'Rate of change Percentage: (price-prevPrice)/prevPrice'.
'Return metadata. DCNL Args: DCNL request: The request context.
'Load all model components'.
'Create a new window function for the given aggregate.
'Return a list of IPv4 routes that the user can forward to.'.
'Parse given options.'.
'Transforms parameters (dict/list/set) into dictionaries of transformed parameters.
'Yield lines read from input until EINTR is found'.
'Given a server object, return a list of IP addresses corresponding to those DCNL
'Get the comment app (i.e.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'Creates a sql Base object from a SQLAlchemy database object.
'Returns the display string for a particular type of course.
'Check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests'.
'Gets asset log for the current asset DCNL.
'Extract text content from an Element, with whitespace represented DCNL properly.
'JSON serializer for objects not serializable by default json code'.
' promote an operator. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : LinOp DCN
'Return the subset of the list NAMES that match PAT'.
'Retrieves single volume type by id.'.
'Initialize the global QWebSettings.'.
'Remove SystemExit from the given exception\'s traceback.'.
'Returns a dictionary of changes between the two models.
'Add missing indexes.'.
'Return event data to a Salt server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Test virtualenv creation.'.
'Return True if the user is registered for the course, False otherwise.'.
'Register harmony services.'.
'Returns a Foreign struct or None.'.
'Check if a MySQL database exists.
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Broadcast a tensor to multiple GPUs.
'Get a list of words. DCNL :param file_path: The path
'Return the help string for style commands.'.
'Efficiently generate a 64 bit random matrix of length n DCNL with
'Try to apply the pattern at the start of the sentence, returning a match DCN
'Convert bytes or bytes to preferred encoding for Win32 DCNL >>> win_encode
'A helper function to create an allocation singleton'.
'returns True if the word contains a vowel, False otherwise'.
'Start debugging in interactive mode.
'Return the current plot options for the current session.'.
'Attach a jsonepic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Return the state of the given instance.
'Download a file from a URL and return the contents.'.
'Retrieve all qos_specs associated with the specified spec_id.'.
'Set up the Insteon component.'.
'Loads a WSGI app from the given file path.'.
'Returns true if the user has Studio access to this course.
'Wraps words at specified line length.
'Split the Add/Mul operations up to the maximum number of inputs.'.
'Power off a DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper to set a driver'.
'Get arguments to use with `env.py` as an environment variable.'.
'Truncates a string after a certain number of characters.
'Return the list of the requiredtogether argument to the infinibox command.'.
'Validate local IP. DCNL :param local_ip: IP to check.
'Get the string representation of an integer.'.
'Computes the square matrix product of two matrices.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Creates a list of commands to run from a list of files.
'Returns the current configuration tag for the persistence service.
'This is called only time the server stops beforecold_stop'.
'Get the list of available instance sizes (flavors).'.
'List the available keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensures that MySQL connections checked out of the DCNL pool are alive.
'A helper function that returns if the NVPVM driver is available'.
'For a predicative adjective, returns the attributive form.'.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Uses wpa to check for handshake with given capfile.
'>>> del_in_class(None) DCNL 1 DCNL
'This should be done until the element with the given id is complete and then DCN
'Rotate the color by percent'.
'convert Roman numeral to integer'.
'Wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Print a list of all available framework names to stdout.'.
'Pick counters from log_interpretation.'.
'Remove a fetch from the cache.'.
'Test `SkyCoord`\' representation.'.
'Update a record. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Regression test for #1256 DCNL If I write a table like object,
'Returns absolute url of given path.'.
'Display the repository dialog and start the main loop.'.
'Get current movie rate. DCNL.
'Only load this module if pygerduty is installed'.
'If p is a directory, try to find it\'s parent directory.
'Args DCNL - return_type DCNL Use ``None`` to
'Test search command with args and return success'.
'The full list of completion must be in the same directory as the DCNL j
'Return the Nest count from the style text.'.
'Returns the plural of an integer or string.'.
'Verify that ``value`` is a parsed requirements string for ``attr``.'.
'Sleep and return True'.
'Check if a value looks like an integer.'.
'Create extra fill loops.'.
'Test base-of-reducepreferred strategy. DCNL Note: DCNL
'Compares a version number with a required one. DCNL Args: DCN
'Return a fake request object.'.
'Returns task status in JSON format.'.
'Generate numvectors coincidence vectors from a set of vectors, randomly DCNL
'Return random rotation matrix.
'List the packages currently installed in a dict:: DCNL {\'<package_
'Adds the header `h` and `v` to the context.'.
'Create the transfer manager.'.
'Computes the epsilonclosure of the given state.
'Return dictionary with signed request data.
'Returns the file name for the given type and test.
'Called by the test module to stub out calls to the DCNL given functions.
'Test that the sum of the elements of a theano shared variable gives the DCNL
'Only load the module if influxdb_08 is installed on this minion
'Compile a URI into a Python object.
'Check the doc URL for a version.'.
'Add noise to an input array.
'Simple \'print\' function that can take one or more strings and print DCN
'Writes a dictionary of metadata into a file.
'Returns current language'.
'Set the plugin path environment.'.
'The inverse of os.path.missing.
'Helper function to construct an enum value from an object.'.
'Generate an IBAp address.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Writes usearch61 progress bar to log file DCNL input_seqs
'Parse pdf filename and page range pairs.
'A replacement for the old numpy.isnull function.'.
'Test if a URI is an S3 URI DCNL :param uri: DC
'See :meth:` babel.dates.format_date`.'.
'Returns True if language is untranslated, False otherwise.'.
'Set the ID function for the current thread and user.
'Validate that the api_password is valid'.
'Return a list of tuples of ratings based on their name.'.
'Clean up the database after the test suite.'.
'Wrapper around apply_to_audio.'.
'Create a tag cloud with a list of (word, tag)-tuples.
'Detach a managed policy to a role.
'>>> sorted(set_remove_missing()) DCNL [1, 2, 3]'.
'Main entry point. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'declaration_specifiers : type_qualifier declaration_specifiers'.
'Creates API method response for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example
'Returns a tuple of the sort key for the given object.'.
'Simple test for simple types.'.
'Ensure that a pickle file gets written to disk. The file DCNL is
'Returns a list of dynamic tabs for the given course and user.
'Parse an OAuth authorization header into a tuple.
'Test using "pip install --download" to download a wheel'.
'Return the tool_panel_config_path and tool_group_install_dir
'Prints all the query results to the terminal.'.
'URL decode a single string with a given decoding.
'Parse the command line for options.'.
'Fail with an error.'.
'Get all releases belonging to an episode DCNL :param episode: episode to
'Check whether x is an int or float.'.
'Check the FREESURFER_HOME directory and if it doesn\'t exist
'Get the current revision number of the package in this directory DCNL CLI Example:
'Annotate content models with youtube ids.
'Test iterator for sparse Dataset class.'.
'Convenience method that works with all 2.x versions of Python DCNL to
'Basic non-gui self-test.'.
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Get the history of all pools DC
'non-central moment of x. DCNL Args: DCNL x:
'Add a teacher to the logged-in user.'.
'Fill paragraphs in a string. DCNL :param s: the string that should
'Test reading raw SPM CTF files.'.
'For testing, show_weights creates a pickled model\'s weights file, DCN
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in
'Convert the script pattern to the corresponding script pattern.'.
'replace (str, old, new[, maxsplit]) -> string DCNL Return
'fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Given a list of strings, make a CSV file from them DCNL Args:
'return the version of the system software'.
'Make sure string is Unicode.'.
'Checks whether the RPC status is valid.
'Determine the next datetime in the table for a given UTC hour.
'Calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its DCNL
'>>> g = test_import_fallback() DCNL 3 DCNL
'normalizenewline(\'a/b/c\') -> \'
'Iterate over filenames in a given directory, yielding the filename, DCNL
'exec_fn(command, args, preexec_fn) -> None DCN
'Sets domain to use custom DNS servers.
'Test \'%reset out\' magic'.
'Images resource factory method.'.
'A page to indicate that a task has been created.'.
'Get the dictionary as a string.'.
'Return the status for a unit code.'.
'Initialize the module, using ctypes.'.
'Returns User model name.
'Apply a reduction to all values in a Series/Index DCNL Examples DCN
'Default the User-Agent string for use with thedefaulth HTTP DCN
'A helper function for `main` without top-level exception DCNL handling.
'Kill greenlet asynchronously. The current greenlet is not unscheduled. DCN
'Cleanup the bucket from AWS if it exists'.
'Return true if the object is a user-defined generator function.
'Represent Roles as form fields for the S3 model. DCNL -
'Compute the state of a cluster.
'List all the os-api extensions.'.
' ensure that there is no separator in the string'.
'Update the fileserver object'.
'Return a list of all job ids'.
'Install all translations based on jinja2\'s settings.
'Return a serialized User object.'.
'Calls the shots, based on signals'.
'Get the block device mapping belonging to a volume.'.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Check that param\'s shape matches param_shape and raise a ValueError if it does
'Return True if the object should be imported from the module.'.
'Calculates an approximation to the weight of *a_orig* (with
'Check if a synapses are synapses that are synapses in a
'Provides pdbedit when available'.
'Register a scale class.
'Return a relative path to a file path relative to the pack DCNL :param
'Delete a key on the memcached server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns the object at the given address, or None if it doesn\'t exist.
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'Get all headers matching the given name from a message.
'Validates collection options DCNL :param dict options: DCNL :type
'Install the ioloop module.'.
'Run the matlab job.'.
'Convert legacy bridge configuration from config to legacy format.'.
'Returns the kernel option value.
'Create a dictionary of namespace names mapping from pfxs.'.
'Decode a base64 encoded string. DCNL.
'Set the given properties on an image and update it.
'Return layout title, with child titles removed.'.
'[phrase] gets a lmgtfy.net link for the specified phrase'.
'Test conversion of integers to Python types.'.
'Test installing from a wheel with legacy links.'.
'Check if an instance is in a resize state.'.
'Run a script with a given context and save it to a temporary DCNL directory
'Gets a number (as a number or string), and returns it as a string
'Checks to see if a given module is installed or not DCNL CLI Example:
'Print a summary of efuses'.
'Two-view triangulation of a point.
'Return all branches for the specified repo'.
'Convert the Markdown source file to a configured format.'.
'Parse input arguments.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test axes. figimage'.
'Clone the repo.'.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'push a context manager to the top level of kernel module to make it available DCN
'Join path components into a relative URL.
'Determine if the path is hidden.'.
'Wait until the service has been created DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a dict describing specific flavor.'.
'Creates a zero-filled :class:`cupy.ndarray` object like
'Parses the response, returning a dict with the HTTP status code and payload.'.
'Return a DCT matrix of rows/cols rows/cols, where rows/cols
'Searches `string` for `word` in `word`, returning a list of
':rtype: str'.
'Create access key for a user.
'Update a stack. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Create anreshow (nbagg) figure'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListEntry object.
'Check to see if user has access to the socket.'.
'Sends bulk email DCNL registration_ids - list of ids to send DC
'Run tidy on a HTML file.'.
'Raise exception but keep its traceback intact.'.
'Converts a node from from_type to to_text. DCNL :
'Fetches a model using an app label and a model name.
'Set the platform architecture in config'.
'Return data to a postgres server'.
'Compute fill value for a given dtype and fill_value.
'Get new repository.'.
'Generates e-mail address for a given User factory stub object.'.
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Lookup a method using the DBUS interface'.
'Simple command-line program to send emails.'.
'Downloads the http:// target_url using the session DCNL Arguments: DCN
'Update an FITS file with new data.'.
'Rename a file. `dest` may not be a directory. If `dest`
'A task is closed after an open task is deleted'.
'Update some meta data from a deactivated cache.'.
'Wait to see drop output.'.
'Ignore if the user is not a sysadmin.'.
'Load a certificate from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type (
'Return a list of the Salt Queues on the Salt Master'.
'Return a cleaned version of the given GCE identifier.'.
'Return the square root of a square-free matrix.
'Create a new copy of the environment, and add some kwargs to be passed DCN
'Convert a path to a unix style path.
'Decode an encoded datetime to a datetime.datetime object.
'Get indices of t1 and t2 channelsinds.'.
'Returns the data_api module if it exists, otherwise raises an exception.'.
'Create a list of expected photos for each post.
'Get a worker that matches the criteria.
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCN
'Stop watching a document for edits.'.
'Function to be used by desktop_name_dlgproc DCNL If the
'Turns a boolean value into a boolean value.'.
'Return the parameters in the rc file.
'Return the browser address from a user agent string.
'github jedi-vim issue #44'.
'Returns the comparative or uninflected form of the given adjective.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Helper function to execute the actual gcs request.'.
'Get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating DCNL point number
'Verifies that a user has an email address as unique as possible.
'Takes a string in ev, and turns it into a timedelta object'.
'Removes ansi escape codes from the string.
'Convert integer in IP address format to dotted quad string.'.
'Build descriptor for an enum value.'.
'Generate some lorem impsum for the template.'.
'Check to see if a module exists.'.
'Entry point for sphinx extension.'.
'Create a quota usage for the given project and resource.'.
'This is a simple example of how to connect to a resource.'.
'Return the HTTP status code corresponding to the given HTTP status code.'.
'Show the top data for a minion DCNL minion DCNL The
'Generates a JSON transfer job for a transfer.'.
'Run the jumptotab command with the given tab number.'.
'A callback for logs that the node\'s status is DCNL :param status
'Returns the preferences as a base64 encoded string.'.
'Display the html book index.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_string4("Hola mundo
'Output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names, followed by "..
'Add a service group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'convert special characters (\' \', \'t \', \'1\', \
'Test stc.get_peak'.
'Return True if ``a`` and ``b`` are equal.
'Validate that \'value\' is a positive float, which does not include 0.'.
'Check if a repo is installed with VCS. DCNL :param repo_
'Same as a <= b.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return the status of the core on
'Return the path of the target that a symlink points to, as an DCNL
'Create a cache key for HTML documents.'.
'A with-context that creates a temporary directory and removes it.'.
'Creates an arc service and populates the service table with info.
'Given a list of template names, returns the first that can be loaded.'.
'Return path relative to temp_dir'.
' extend data to length bytes starting at offset DCNL >>> extend_data([1, 2,
'Add task id to task id if it doesn\'t exist and doesn\'t exist
'Compare two entities by their key from a protobuf to b.'.
'Check if the track index has changed.'.
'Wrapper to full-text search.'.
'Convert a datetime object to a datetime object. DCNL :param t: a
'Set the HTTP Referer'.
'Remove a repo from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a string of the 8-bit string representation of a sound file. DCN
'Start the salt systemd daemon'.
'Copies the content_size bytes from ``source`` to `` destination``, returning
'Get GeoJSON data from tiles.'.
'Given an input object that is not a query or a dictionary that is DCNL
'Main script execution.'.
'Returns the correct arguments for shared libraries for command-line access.'.
'Record the purchase of an order'.
'Wait until the given namespace has all the pids listening DCNL within it.
'Runs py.test for a sample using Python 3.5'.
'Given a list of output targets, return the output that was used to DCNL
'Register an account.'.
'Create a cache key for a rule.
'Write statistics for a gcode file.'.
'str->str DCNL Select one resolution for single video download.'.
'Get the value of CFLAGS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return the value
'Determine if reservation expire is enabled in the database.'.
'Create an alias of an index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt my
'Stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product.'.
'Setup the Wink binary platform.'.
'Ensure that the directory d exists.
'Controller to add a new document to the database'.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a host.'.
'Uploads an image attachment and returns a form object.'.
'Given a beets query string, return the `Query` and `Sort` they
'Verify that the provided volume exists and is up-to-date.'.
'Get the overhang direction.'.
'Set the Content-Transfer-Encoding header to 7bit or 8bit.'.
'Enable the named sysv service from start-up DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Deprecated. DCNL Use new_class instead of new_class.'.
'Clean up HTML code.
'Get a child Zone.'.
'Returns `True` if the tokens are equal, otherwise `False` DCNL
'Returns a list of tips/labels that are not in the tree DCNL fasta
'Return the provider with the specified ID, or raise DCNL ValueError if no provider
'Get the default App ID, as defined by RFC 2965.'.
'Hinge loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : tf
'Serialize a collection (via.serialize) DCNL.
'Test basic training of a supervised GSN'.
'Get vector3 from prefix and xml element.'.
'Get all Subscription objects for given user'.
'Write the oauth getaccestoken CGI file.'.
'Helper to output each access key only once.'.
'Generates a photourl file from the object store.
'Ensure that exactly `count` matching containers exist and are DCNL not yet
'Detects if the specified file is a text file.'.
'Add the points from the first segment to the second.'.
'Find partitions from connectivity.
'Connect a socket to a destination'.
'Generates a help figure for an operational.'.
'Queue an instance (instance_id) to the provider'.
'Make sure that a package is not installed. DCNL name DCNL The
'Test that a certain warning occurs.
'Generates a list of column names to be used in a dataset.
'Returns a tuple of two different prime values, starting with nbits bits.
'Convert a string argument to an integer.
'Fast Legendre polynomial lut, using Legendre polynomial interpolation.'.
'Gets the json for a user feed.
'Helps skip integration tests without live credentials.
'Initialize data for :func:`idz_sfrm`.
'>>> mult_int_list_int()'.
'Takes an HTTP request and renders the response.
'Get the number of target(s) belonging to a host.'.
'Load a module from a file.
'Return true if name is a global name (e.g.
'Test getting completion for bash'.
'Update table *f* with *new* fields'.
'Session Fixture: Return app for Celery tests.'.
'returns a list of promoted links, DCNL in the form: DCN
'Encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values
'Dump the running configuration in /etc/conf DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'This view returns a page with an error message that the page should DCNL be
'Allow overriding of \'build_env\' in BUILD file'.
'Perform a string lookup on the given IP address and port. DCNL.
'`password_ regular_expression_description` is not set if it\'s not
'Yield (profile_name, role_document) for all instance profiles.'.
'Run all tests'.
'Print "dot" of the expression. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr :
'Update properties of an image.'.
'Ensure that the height of the progress bar is set to the expected height.'.
'Return True if the item is a container, False otherwise'.
'Evaluates the ceil of an interval'.
'Takes an object or a string and returns the id.'.
'Set the firewall rule to off DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the daily counts for model_cls.'.
'Code that runs on application shutdown'.
'Checks if the cuda_convnet.so file was compiled from DCNL the
'Unpause when no longer than pause_end'.
'ndindex(shape)'.
'Copies a QueryOptions object to a SearchParams proto buff.'.
'Add pixels to the pixel table with steepness.'.
'Return true if the module\'s configuration has changed.
'Parse patch set from file.'.
'Runs the test suite'.
'Generate public keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Optimizes a functiongraph given the inputs and output specs.
'Return the Reader class from the `reader_name` module.'.
'List the package names for which the specified packages are available DCNL CLI Example:
'The exponential of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the exponential of the
'Add a cert into the given Certificate Store DCNL source DCNL The certificate
'Create a group snapshot object.'.
'Detach a virtual machine from a disk.
'Use ghostscript\'s ps2pdf and xpdf\'s/poppler
'Add a `page` if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the path of the config file.'.
'Fuzzy matching ignores identifier-quotes.
'Get the length of the polygon.'.
'Wrapper around processutils. execute that checks root_helper.'.
'continuous confidence interval from sample size and sample size'.
'Delete a task. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Deal with transaction management for a running thread.
'Converts a bcd value to a decimal value DCNL :param bcd
'Test if a forum has access to this user.
'Returns the configuration file to use for syslog-ng.'.
'Test IO for inverse computation.'.
'Read Unicode object from file and return it.'.
'Validate that the shuffle_split_init arguments are valid.
'Provided for backwards compatibility.'.
'Get a constructor for an object.
'Decode a string encoded with the given encoding.'.
'Returns a list of supported key changes.'.
'Extract a snapshot from a disk file DCNL :param disk_path: Path
'Adds a profile to the context.
'base64 encodes an image DCNL :param src: Source image to base64
'Finds least common multiple of a, b DCNL Args: DCNL
'Flip the axis of an image, such as flip left and right, up and
'Reads the state file, returning a dictionary.'.
'Takes a list of files and imports them in the given directory, DCNL
'Update task metadata DCNL :param task: Task to be updated DCNL
'Set the attributes of the arguments.'.
'Rebuild a string ``s`` from a string ``s``.'.
'Check valid options for pandas index arguments'.
'Login to vm, log in user and log out'.
'Format the message for display.'.
'Write data to socket `sock` until it finishes DCNL :param sock:
'Return a dict of all files on the master'.
'split_env(\'/path?s\') --> \'/path\
'Group tables by mixin column.'.
'Load the grammar files.
'Returns the index of a word in a list'.
'User-callable function to create and return a unique temporary DCNL directory.
'Given a URL and a source domain, redirect back to the original URL.
'Create an object in the db.'.
'Serialize all the attributes from an instance to a JSON string.'.
'Determines whether a decision should be made without even asking DCNL the user.
'Return data from the "End of Central Directory" record, or None.
'GCD(x:long, y:long): long DCNL Return the
'Execute queries against SQLite, merge and return as a dict'.
'Return a chunker object appropriate for tagged tokens.
'Load an image file as a PIL font.
'Change the working directory for this process.'.
'Download the dataset at the given path and add it to the path'.
'Delete tags from an instance.
'To make sure that the pagination works properly, at the same time, DCNL
'(L)?\\'([^\\\n]|(\\(.|\n)))*
'Authenticate using the Django authentication framework.
'Takes a playlist dict as a string, returns a formatted string.'.
'Get the shortest possible module name'.
'Takes a string, and returns an integer that represents the DCNL rank of
'Sync run-run modules from ``salt://_ run-run`` to the
'Return a *part* with the indentation *indent_size* indentation DCNL
'Callback for pause_on_post_processing.'.
'Aux function.'.
'A context manager that asserts `exception` matches the given regular expression.
'Chunk POST data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 MB limit. DCNL
'Create a template object from a filename.
'Insert zeros at the beginning of each row and/or end of a matrix.
'rulesection : ID DCNL | QLITERAL DCNL | CODE DCN
'Reverse of dumps(), raises BadSignature if signature fails.
'Get a specific cell or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Mill a gcode linear move file.'.
'Plots a normal probability distribution on the given sample. DCNL Args: DC
'extract seq, qual and xml string from read data'.
'Return the reason/messagereason for the given cluster or step.
'Plotvert lines.'.
'Load a private key from a buffer.
'A helper function that constructs an email sequence from either a DCNL string or an
'Add/update configuration on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Calculates the minimum interval for a given alpha. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Dispatches a command.'.
'Assert that the given policy is in a valid shape.
'Add offset to loop and vector3Index and vertexes.'.
'Get all defined cells.'.
'Function to decide which dialect to use based on the name.
'Test whether ``fourier_series`` is square-wave.'.
'Define the loss for a triplet with alpha. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Solve the linear equation `a` with `b`.
'Update the doc to include information about the currently installed plugins.'.
'Dump the current date and time as an HTTP date string.
'Adds an inv item to the response S3.
'Creates an addon with the given name.'.
'Return an iterator over all spider classes defined in the given module DCNL that can
'Dumps a list of probes to a file'.
'Returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects, DCNL keyed
'Return theUDART library object for this platform.
'Test validationShuffleSplit.'.
'Gets all metrics and writes to output path DCNL otu_filepath:
'Extract summary line from doc and return it.'.
'Determine the best disk bus to use for a device type.
'Test all the cost cases.'.
'Get a rendered template as a string iterator.
'return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions'.
'Parse an XML string into an Element tree.
'Sets the DBMS for the current transaction.'.
'Parse counters in lines that are indented according to the DCNL indentation setting in the
'Update an existing repository DCNL cwd DCNL directory of working directory DCN
'Visual debugging of detections.'.
'Converts an integer to its hex representation.
'Run all \'make-files\' commands.
'ort with non-nan and nan fields.'.
'Draw a dendrogram at the top of the node'.
'Add the address of a symbol that doesn\'t exist.
'Find the ref to use, based on the name. DCNL :param repo
':type conn: cloudbot.client.Client DCNL :type chan:
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert_is instead.'.
'Restore the named container to its original state DCNL path DCNL path to
'Return the number of file entries in the zipfile.'.
'Read LSM float pairs from file and return as list.'.
'Insert the given text to the cursor.'.
'Create a new grep widget'.
'Insert item x in list a, and keep it sorted assuming a is sorted.
'Add interactive mode. DCNL Parameters DCNL b : bytearray DCNL
'Simple view that renders a template and returns a response with some JS and DCNL
'Gets the current storage level, if any.'.
'Return True if the url belongs to any of the given domains'.
'Recursively generate a list of pfiles for the given tag'.
'Setup the WAN bridge.'.
'Test reading and writing source spaces files.'.
'Prompt the user for a manual identifier to use.
'Return the trigrams generated from a sequence of items, as an iterator.
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Retrieves the module for the specified section from the course info database.
'Make sure that expressions produce integers'.
'This function provides the functionality of the convolution and DCNL masked_conv_add
'Return a copy of the style dictionary for the element style.'.
'Given an array, return the exponential of that array, with safe range.'.
'return a string containing the SELinux section details of the module: DCNL *
'Make sure string is unicode, decode from utf if necessary.'.
'Write NetworkX graph G to path using pygraphviz.
'Ensure that the named service is present DCNL name DCNL The name
'Delete an RDS parameter group.
'42 --> (\'2\', \'i\', \'42\')'.
'Given a signatures definition and a arguments dictionary, raises an exception DCNL exception with
'Run a parallel map providers query.
'Lock on media list items DCNL The L{libvlc_media_list
'List the packages currently installed in a dict:: DCNL {\'<package_
'Decides whether a request should be written to disk.
'Simplify the configuration used by Vision.'.
'Run a shell command. DCNL :param timeout: timeout in seconds DCN
'Make sure the given requests are unordered.'.
'Commits the transaction for the current thread and code streak.
'Generate thrift files.'.
'Converts bgp_id into a four byte ID.
'Calculates an approximation of the shor of a random number. DCN
'Set the user module if the kernel is FreeBSD or Dragonfly'.
'Formats a single option value according to its type.'.
'Find all the entry points for the system plugins'.
'Find globals in this statement.'.
'TODO docs.'.
'Filter user partitions by scheme name'.
'Creates gRPC stub to make requests to the table admin API.
'Show a user.'.
'expand an integer array of dimensions DCNL Parameters DCNL ndim : int DC
'Validates that the contributors in the node have the specified permissions.
' authorized_client doesn\'t support checkout flow'.
'Test whether a path exists. Returns True for broken symbolic links'.
'Update volume type resource.'.
'Adds some headers to the given HttpResponse object.'.
'Takes a list of columns and sorts them in ascending order by priority DCNL
'Open the given response in a local web browser, saving it to a temporary DCN
'Copies a file to a remote location using FTP.'.
'Sphinx role for linking to a user.'.
'Returns the message based on the permission code specified.'.
'Return an iterator over all lexer classes.'.
'Generate a unique message ID for this machine.
'Replace all negative nodes in an expression with DCNL a replacement.'.
'Yields the scope with the parameters of inception v3 layer.'.
'Returns True if the input is related to Hacker News. DCNL Arguments
'Compute resultant of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Read in the bearer token from a file.
'Updates a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a type into (type, success, failure)'.
'Test that \'data\' and \'x\' dtype and \'y\'
'return a timedelta object'.
'Dump a certificate request to a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type
'Returns the dot product of two arrays, starting with the last dimension.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Copies a file or directory to a remote location using scp.
'Returns the grain model dictionary.
'Monitor a set of proxies and fire an event to indicate that the DCNL process
'Returns a dict containing values for the user info cookie.
'Add rel="homepage" and rel="download" to all links in the document
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Loads and starts the libzmq module.
'Splodge a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return True if the given object is a mapped class, DCNL :class:
'Setup the Python interpreter on Ubuntu.'.
'Hangingman Pattern'.
'download a url'.
'Pause the scheduler, after interval seconds'.
'Return a reversed list of changesets in reverse order from that provided by the DCN
'Detect the function\'s type.
'Returns the type of obj as a string.
'The ``gunicorn_service`` command for launching wsgi applications.
'Destroy all quotas associated with a project.
'Recursively load context from an AST node.'.
'Determine if the IP address of this request is trusted to DCNL other networks
'Test rl_end_of_line.'.
'Check a choice for possible options'.
'Set response headers for a request that does not occur when blob_size is large enough
'Like os.path.join, but safe DCNL :param args: DC
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6.
'Sanitize a filename DCNL :param replacement: The replacement string can be used
'Minify `code` using http.'.
'Returns a generator of all collections.
'Generates an auto-generated token for a client login.
'HTML link to the parent document for admin change list'.
'Convert a string of second nibbles to hex encoding. DCNL :param
'Disables warnings that are displayed in the command line options.'.
'Given a show name, return the id of the exception, None if no exception found
'Check if the course_module_list contains all of the modules from master_course
'Long Line Candle'.
'Notify a front-end user'.
'Get the index of the shortest virtual line with at least one virtual line.'.
'Register Models and create metadata.
'Return an event object connected to the master'.
'scrub the provided uri if it contains spaces or collapses DCNL the
'Return a dict of interfaces with names as keys and addresses as values.
' gemm_no_inplace(x,y) -> gemm_inplace(
'Setup optimizations for worker process'.
'Return a new, unique generation hash for an object.'.
'Add a constant to a value.'.
'Close the environment (Windows only)'.
'Create a fake cluster object.'.
'Outputs an `Expires` header for `delta` from now.
'Verify that message extractors are supported'.
'Parses a time string according to the given formats.
'Stop a time slot'.
'Makes a CDF from a Hist object. DCNL Args: DC
'For a list of brands, return a list of top-level brands.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a Cocoa Aqua Tk.'.
'Given a service model class, return the fully qualified service module name.
'Send a message to the English user.'.
'Return the path to a header file, None if not found'.
'Use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true DCNL entries.
'Sanitizes an HTML ID.
'Utility function to load a dynamic importer and return its package and class DCNL if
'Returns a crop title of the given length.'.
'Enable server on haproxy backend DCNL name DCNL Server name DC
'Consume the first 4 digits of the sequence and return DCNL a (int,
'Postprocess mediafiles DCNL :param processPath: Path to postprocess in
'Return a dict with all pointed data stored on the node.
'Upgrades the db schema.'.
'Install a new app on the site.
'Returns True if all elements of seq are less than x.'.
'Parse the value of a Range header into its byte parts. DCNL :param
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL render_
'Apply a singlechoice. DCNL :param session: The session for which the
'This is a wrapper around system. timers.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Test a simple trapezoid1d model.'.
'List all the blobs'.
'Iterate over the images in a file handle.
'Converts a path in the form of: \'/path\', \'
'Convert a string representation of truth to True or False.'.
'Apply provider facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict): existing facts
'Formats the file size as a human-readable percentage.'.
'Return the number of nodes in the graph.'.
'Adds a non-blank subelement to the parent element.'.
'Render an object as astar.'.
'Given a dictionary of dictionary with alpha values, returns a dict with the DCNL
'Return hours as days.'.
'Read the Element Data of type :data:`INTEGER` DCNL :param
'Launch all the threads.'.
'Test to see if an item should be skipped'.
'Compute the spherical harmonic function of the spherical harmonic function.
'Return a list of all contents of a file-like object in a DCNL
'0x encoding method. DCNL >>> hex_encoding("Hola mundo")
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Create a new figure. DCN
'Returns the MD5 checksum of a file or directory located in a container.
'Applies a query to an item, only if the item doesn\'t exist yet
'Test the creation of a new payment method.'.
'Get the course block counts.
'Load an object from an HDF5 file.
'Given a pci-Address, return its PCI address component.'.
'Return an HTTP expire date based on the expire type and number of minutes. DCN
'Returns True if any of the sorted_elements conforms to the parent DCNL
'Get the binary representation of a 32-bit integer.'.
'Map an hdfs URI to a real path.'.
'Returns series of integrals.'.
'.. code-block:: bash DCNL.. deprecated:: Oxygen DCN
'Returns a dict of users to be removed DCNL :param source_node:
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Check if we already have a lock
'Splits a filename into its component parts.'.
'Return a preview of a resource.
'A trace function for sys.settrace that prints every function or method call.'.
'prefix = object_transient_sysmeta_prefix DCNL get_object
'Create an index query results list from a list of query results which DCNL may
'Get day-periods names based on the locale. DCNL :param width:
'Breaks up a CDS file into SeqRecord objects for each CDS feature.
'Get the current working directory DCNL Returns: DCNL str - Returns:
'Execute queries against mysqlextpillar and return as a dict'.
'Format the region name for logging.'.
'Fills a list of strings, printing each one at a time.
'Discretize model by taking the value at the center of the pixel.'.
'Annotate tokens_old with annotations that are equivalent to tokens_new.
'Log a bunch of information about theormcache cache.'.
'Return the commit hash of the package.
'Calculate the center of a bounding box.'.
'Unregister a domain.
'Checks for common mistakes in one line comment.
'Display NerdTree output DCNL Requires the vim library. DCNL
'Return an integer timestamp for the given table. DCNL :type db: sqlalchemy
'>>> obj = test_close() DCNL >>> next(obj) DC
'Return true if the object is defined in this module.'.
'Step 5 of product and category.'.
'Coerce \'array\' to array of categorical values.'.
'Encode a multipart container into multipart encoded data.
'Get colour from preference name.'.
'Return the directory containing crash information for the given host.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Create reg numbers for the service.
'Initialize the glance store.'.
'When Scenario#from_string() is called with double quotes inside the scenario, the
'Generates a correlated Gaussian distribution for the given matrices. DCNL mu:
'Normalize a locale name.'.
'Find the last keyword in a query and return the first keyword and the text DCN
'If the environment variable W3AF_PROFILING is set to 1, then we
'Determine a release name from an nzb and/or folder name'.
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Average Moving Average'.
'Find the indentation of *node*.'.
'Update a namespace, raise if namespace already exists.'.
'Calculate some log statistics.
'Tries to find a gui and the most appropriate backend for it.
'Return the location of the qiime temp directory.'.
'Create a replication group.
'Setup the Home Assistant server.'.
'Set Android context for media player. DCNL.
'Run a command and return its output.
'Return a mutable nodeset which is the union of all nodesets in iterable.'.
'Test PackageFinder finds pre releases if URL is not explicitly passed to it.'.
'Checks if arg has a method. DCNL Arguments: DCNL arg (
'Return a human-readable time string (e.g.
'Helper to get the current page rendered'.
'Simple example of how to get your products.'.
'Returns a list of changes made on a given project.'.
'Returns the maximum number of network slots for this machine. DCNL This is the
'Get all clients. DCNL :param token:Token to request context DCN
'Oozebane a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Test flattener layer stateseparation for convolutional.'.
'Return a dictionary containing information about the distro release DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Calls ``tadm`` with the given arguments DCNL :param args:
'Like unittest.TestCase.assertraises, but also prints a message if DCNL
'Given a URL name, redirect to the given URL with the given parameters, DCN
'Get childelements by local name.'.
'Modify (update) hosts. DCNL :param host_filter_data:
'Remove initial data from apps'.
'Produce status, headers, body for a critical error.
'Automatically assigns local variables to `self`.
'Test rl_backward_delete_char.'.
'Convert a matplotlib date (or sequence) to a Julian date (or sequence).
'Helper method to load meta-sources from module names DCNL Returns a dictionary of
'Perform an attribute access on a object.
'Return information about the crontab DCNL Returns: DCNL owner, group
' manage_mode(mode) -> str DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Generate cython code for zmq_enums.'.
'Given an array X, returns the indices where the array is a dummy DCNL
'roll_vectorized(M, roll_indices, axis) -> M DCN
'Fetches a file from the given URL.
'Sets the URLconf for the default URLconf to use.'.
'Try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect.getinnerframes().
'Encode url with ``raw_url_or_path`` where ``raw_
'Defines the lenet arg scope.
'Generate reStructuredText to use for a module name'.
'Return a properly formatted job dict'.
'Split a statement into unquoted newline delimited statements.
'Overwrite baseline and deltas with novel points.
'Load all the revision control files from `dirname` DCNL :param dirname:
'Convert lat to numeric UTM zone, 1-60.'.
'Gets a virtual interface from the table filtering on address. DCNL :param
'Get boolean from the dictionary and key.'.
'Return a query for all activities from groups that user_id follows.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'For each file in filenames, run extrudefiles.'.
'Returns the similarity of two objects.
'Execute self-tests. DCNL This raises SelfTestError if any test is
'Displays the current time formatted according to the given format.
'Remove all universal build arguments from config vars'.
'Edit a post.'.
'Run a test setup script, sandboxed in its directory'.
'The main function.'.
'Highlight the faces in an image.'.
'Return a list of groups used to format a number.
'Creates a new scp command.
'Generate a random tweet.'.
'Call C{f} and return a Deferred that will be called with the result of
'Get the size of the screen on Windows.'.
'lazy variant of string concatenation, needed for translations that are DCNL constructed from multiple
'Set the lights x_val and y_val on and off.'.
'Return the active config key for this app-version.
'List all incidents on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Change the status of an activity rights for a user.
'Reorder and lift the repository dialog.'.
'Iterate over all plugins to find an album by its ID.'.
'Helper function to return the audit info from the request context DCNL :param context
'Return a ``ClusterManager`` from the given config file or the default DCN
'Mount cgroups on the system'.
'Save a model. DCNL Parameters DCNL model_file_name:
'Read from a file if it has been modified. DCNL :param cache_
'Detects and returns true if PCI is supported on this device.'.
'Test plotting of evoked field.'.
'Load media library object. DCNL.
'Set current video aspect ratio.
'Makes sure that we don\'t segfault when running under Windows.'.
'Determine if a path is added.'.
'Return the amount of disk space used by the logs.
'Return True if \'header_name\' is an HTTP/1.1 "hop by"
'Returns a list of the floats that are greater than zero.'.
'Grep a value from a file DCNL :param fn: File to execute
'Converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring.
'Build the server configuration dictionary from the ycm_var prefix DCNL and v
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a dictionary with keys specified as signal names DCNL and values as dictionaries with
'postfix_expression : postfix_expressionnumerators DCNL | postfix_
'Append a value to a variable in the make.conf DCNL Return a dict
'Check if we are running in a piped environment.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Group tokens by their order (\'a\', \'b\', \'
'Combine two hashable vars.'.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Mill a gcode linear move file.'.
'Add a suffix for a filepath to its name.'.
'Return a list of the images that are on the provider'.
'gpu_from_line(gpu_from_line(x)) -> gpu_
'Validate the configuration and return a BboxDevice scanner.'.
'Check if a file or directory is absent on the distributed FS.
'Make width-property Setter for table.'.
'Get the Nmanotification service.'.
'Return the known settings.'.
'get tolerance for a given item'.
'Start the web server either from a daemon DCNL :param ip: IP address
'Return package version from init file, or raise exception DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Converts a path to a URL in the staticfiles_storage namespace.
'Verify explicit flushing of the history works.
'Updates a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the nth value in the Fibonacci sequence.'.
'Recursively resolves the given object, recursively.
'the gradient for the ridge penalty DCNL Parameters DCNL beta : array
'Return the cwd of the process with the given pid.'.
'Makes sure the result is a Geometries.'.
'Test PyOpenGL backend for basic functionality.'.
'Creates a config parser from a config file.'.
'Creates a location for the specified block_type and block_id.
'getRandom range(a, b, randfunc) -> int DCNL Return
'Escape a string in an OAuth-compatible fashion.
'Log a meeting subject.
'Return an unproxied response.
'Retrieve timestamp from the given URL. DCNL :param url: the URL to
'Return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion DCNL CLI
'Test the fitting method'.
'Create a new group snapshot from the values dictionary.'.
'If necessary, adds the current locale to the cache key.'.
'Return The description for the plugin type.'.
'Set a function to be called on every profile change.
'NumPy\'seye helper function.'.
'Return element-wise quotient in ``K[X]``.
'Replaces UNION ALL SELECT with UNION SELECT DCNL >>> tamper(\
'Flip the specified image up to the specified height.
'Save local facts DCNL Args: DCNL filename (str): File to
'Only load this module if Mako is installed on this minion.'.
'Given a course_id and a user, return the \'completion\' badge for
'Return an iterator over all tracebacks in logdir.'.
'Generates the abstract template that is used for rendering the abstract page.'.
' display imarray on the screen DCNL imarray: a numpy.ndarray DC
'>>> chunk readable DCNL >>> chunk readable([1, 2, 3]) DCNL
'Return the text, with a phrase extent for the given head.'.
'Only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than DCNL the
'Converts a form to a JSON-compatible representation.'.
'Check to see if an ElastiCache subnet group exists.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Return random slice tuples for a given shape.
'load (data, base_uri=None) -> m3u8 {\'
'Get changed languages since last revision.'.
'Compute error. DCNL Parameters DCNL cross_correlation_max :
'Return raw args/kwargs. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code
'Check the weights.'.
'Get a path relative to the zipline root.
'Identical to ParseResponse, except that: DCNL 1.
'Return n as a float if it is a nan, otherwise return None'.
'Get the URL for the "delete this comment" view.'.
'Returns a verbose label for a filter according to the lookup_expr.
'Converts `date` to string according to `config.date_format` DC
'Execute apf command and return output.'.
'List the parameters for a certain order.
'Delete an ElastiCache option group.
'Drops a WAV file.
'This is a backwards compatibility function.
'Disconnect from the server.'.
'Return the files that have been reviewed.'.
'Reconstructs the URL from the WSGI environment.
'Asserts specified output contains the substring specified by DCNL the argument text.'.
'Parse an object id. DCNL :param collection: The name of the collection
'polar projection, but in a rectangular box.'.
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Check that all cartesian components are alike.'.
'Test updating mean and variance with no data.'.
'Create a new :class:`py.io. terminalWriter` with the same
'Return True if `obj` is the parent of `basepath` DCNL
'Plot a new figure and save it to the data directory. DCNL Parameters DC
'Strip common indentation from lines DCNL Parameters DCNL lines : list of lines
':param provider_location: DCNL :param items: DCNL :param
'Returns the container view for a given service instance.
'Load the library DCNL :param lib: The name of the library to load
'Save a set of images.'.
'Returns a response with the given headers and the given body and status code.'.
'Emits certificate events.'.
'Return a match for option1 flag, or None if not found.'.
'Create the release tarball and write it to disk.'.
'Register a user.'.
'Get the exported version of a gcode file.'.
'Returns a list of products for the given store.'.
'Default save function. Saves the desc to the database.'.
'Convenience function for returning a web safe error response.'.
'The locale metrics dashboard page.'.
'Sends message_body to the server in a manner similar to the DCNL
'a is a list of arrays DCNL a is a list of lists DCN
'Check for population availability DCNL https://github.com/astropy/ast
'Check that the atciqd() function works correctly.'.
'Get all qos specs for a volume type.'.
'Cancels all existing apiproxy operations.
'Return the number of bytes necessary to store m of a given length.'.
'Update download supernav when a release is published.'.
'Remove all the functions that handle the given rc_object.'.
'Returns a list of widgets'.
'Detects if the code is running in the App Engine environment.
'The maximal incoherence between two vectors.'.
'Like :func:`expect_warnings` but creates a new :func:`
'Return dictionary of Pdb metadata for stream.'.
'Converts \'s\' to an integer.'.
'Prints out a bucket\'s access control list.'.
'Helper for creating router'.
'Add a null handler to the root logger, if it isn\'t there.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Search for recordings with aechoprint and return a list DCNL of
'Takes a list of integers and searches if the list contains a key DCNL
'This method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher.
'Transform the exception but keep its traceback intact.'.
'Check for assertEqual(A, None) or assertEqual(None, A) sentences DC
'Return a list of dict of { provider: provider, app: hook, user:
'Createsembedded plot. DCNL Parameters DCNL model : model DCN
'input from Error pin'.
'Add a timestamp to the gcount for the current thread and return a DCNL
'Convert a CFArray into a Python list.'.
'Get the tetragrid from the elementNode letter values.'.
'Convert a long option name to a valid Python identifier by DCNL changing "-" to
'Run at least one test cases in vm'.
'Given a base class, deterministically determines the class type.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Push a git repository'.
'Return the total volume for a meter.
'Return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current DCNL settings in
'Given the package_data_dict, this will return a dictionary with keys DCN
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A shortcut for creating an HTTP connection.
'Precess is that the epoch is precessed by J2000.
'Retrieve all quotas associated with a given project.'.
'Recursively merge two dictionaries, keeping existing values DCNL First dictionary is modified in-
'Helper to filterattenuation. DCNL Parameters DCNL h : array
'simplify a theano graph DCNL Parameters DCNL fgraph : theano.
'Join a list of strings into a single string.'.
'Return a symbolic 5 variable.
'Compute the kinetic energy of the current velocity vector DCNL vel : float
'Return the intersection of _cloned_ intersections a and b.'.
'Run function against cached profile.'.
'Convert an array to a given dtype.
'Get the matrix key for a row and column.'.
'Depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for DCNL the GenericIPAddress
'helper for doremapping that handles None values DCNL :param element: DC
'Check the environment cache and return a list of all environments.'.
'Return True ifstdin is ready to read other data'.
'Deletes any empty folders inside check_empty_dir DCNL check_empty
'Converts the given locale to the standard Django locale format. DCNL >>> _
'Multiply the FFT *h_fft* with *x*, and overwrite the input
'Returns a dict whose keys are the model names and whose values are DCNL the
'Check if we want to skip this module.'.
'Create a file client and add it to the context. DCNL Each file client
'Returns compressed KMZ from the given KML string.'.
'Join the group successfully, and return the joined group.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Format time in ISO 8601 format.
'Checks if the given object is a tool load error. DCNL :param obj
'Create a list of Address objects from comma-separated field values. DCNL field
'Compare a list of language names with a provided language name.'.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Generates roots and weights for an uncorrelated polynomial ``f`` DCN
'Like zip, but ensures arguments are of same length'.
'Make sure that the dummy model extension is properly created.'.
'Support multiple context managers in a single with-statement.
'Write a value to a GPIO.'.
'Convert ec2id to ec2_id'.
'Sets the global site url to use for generating the metadata file.'.
'Apply the given function to the Match object.
'Reset scores.'.
'Main method for cleaning up Bridges.'.
'Closes transaction management for a running thread.'.
'Get gcode text without redundant mcode.'.
'Return True if the rectangle (u, v) is smaller than eps'.
'Test Enhancements support.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL PUT a container DCNL CLI
'Create a directory DCNL :param dirname: directory to create DCNL :
'Test censure color image can be interpreted as color'.
'Disconnect from remote host using ``sudo`` command. DCNL :param args
'Ensures that all the actions listed in the target_dict are valid, and
'Computes a glorot of normal distribution.
'Copy the cursor to the beginning and end of the line with copy_margin.
'Return a JSON object containing the JavaScript files that will be placed in the DCNL
'XOR the buffer `` buf`` with the key ``key``.'.
'Split a list of frags into lines of a given width. DCNL :
'Truncates a string after a certain number of words.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Map a location URL to an internal URL.
'Determines if the SGEMV needs to fix the bug.'.
'Output the graph for Texinfo.
'Compares the two images, pixel by pixel, and returns a new image containing DC
'Get a list of comments for the given object and store them in the context.
'Gets the user for a given token and scope from the database.
'Remove HTML markup from a string or iterable.
'Run all hg extensions on the specified repo'.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
' review logs. DCNL :param int pid: int id to review DCN
'Converts ``lookup_expr`` into a human-readable form'.
'Make sure that the numpy implementation works as expected'.
'Find the first level directory below the given path.
'Attach an entry to a volume.'.
'Get unique vertexes.'.
'Prints a list of all the pcap interfaces on the system'.
'Return the class associated with obj or its instance if obj is a string.'.
'Get a configuration option for a given method.'.
'solves ``f`` with the given symbol and returns the solution DCNL
'Test es2 GL backend for basic functionality.'.
'Ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is yes'.
'Extract the limit parameter from the request body as a int.'.
'Converts a http_response into a dictionary of information for the DCNL client
'Pull from origin.'.
'Get number of CTIDs available for this deployment. DCNL Returns: DCN
'A replacement for the old socket.ssl function.
'Logs a successful login.'.
'Parses the message limit of the message, e.g.
'Make sure that numpy\'s random number generator works.'.
'Run migrations in \'offline\' mode.
'Gets the email preferences for the user with the given user_id.
'Convert LaTeX to HTML by replacing `\':\' with \'<\' and
'Returns the list of modules that are supported by Flocker.'.
' checkout_with_shopping cart for the given user and course.
'Reset permissions for given DocType.'.
'Evaluate an annotation and return a list of matching definitions.
'Returns True if the given value is the simple type (string, int, float,
'Scales the image down to side_length.'.
'Logs the number of query executed for the specified name point.'.
'return a single array with same shape and dtype as the input arrays, DCNL
'Initialize array for :func:`iddr_aidi`.
'Returns a template\'s ID from the given template name.
'Returns the IP Address contained in the HTTP_X_REAL_IP headers,
'Get the first item from a MongoDB query.'.
'Find user\'s home directory if possible.
'Return a hash of conda_packages.'.
'Return True if the file is a text file, False otherwise.'.
'Get the active view of the current thread'.
'return True if the point is inside a loop and is inline.'.
'Converts an integer to a long integer'.
'If arguments are lowercase, then validate them with the Lowercase validation DCNL
'Truncates fasta sequences, truncating quality scores based on quality scores.
'Checks for horizontal spacing near parentheses.
'Initialize the module with the most common options. DCNL :param url: URL
'This method checks if vRouter exists on the target node.
'Returns the version of pkgin as a string DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Find and return Vera binary sensors.'.
'Translates characters from GTable 850 to utf-8'.
'A feature vector is an array of feature vectors, each one being the DCNL
'Turn number of bytes into human-readable str'.
'Serialize data to a pickle DCNL >>> dbserialize([1, 2, 3]) DCN
'Usage: DCNL {% request. has_permission %} DCNL {% has
'Returns a prototype dictionary for the given prototype, derived from the DCNL dictionary protocol
'Get the sailthru list with the given name or create it if needed.
'Run the test suite if necessary.'.
'Test that colorized labels have consistent rgb values'.
'Return the version of dipy.'.
'Generate an md5 hash of a given word.
'Return a list of base classes (including cls) in method resolution order.'.
'test core, new stmts each time'.
'Setup the ZigBee switch platform.'.
'unquote_slashes(text) -> string DCNL Remove special characters from the
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Set thetrim points for the sff files.'.
'Create an annotated table from the given data.
'Remove volume type access for project.'.
'Shows detail for a persona.
'Create a pool in a load-balancer config DCNL CLI Examples: DCN
'Check that all functions can accept arbitrary input'.
'Encrypt payload with RSA algorithm. DCNL.
'Create a fake Kqueue.'.
'Table with no header row and auto-column naming'.
'Delete the given metadata item.'.
'Parses a Circ entry. DCNL Args: DCNL entry (
'Concatenate non-tuple and list-like tuples into one.'.
'Increase stream retention period to retention_hours DCNL CLI example:: DCN
'Parse an RFC-2822 compliant date string. DCNL.
'Returns total no. of active website users'.
'Split a pathname into individual path components.
'Wrap output array so that it will be padded with 0 at the end of input.
'Returns the label for a changeset revision.'.
' relativee is relative to \'basepath\'.
'Decode a string encoded timestamp object into a tuple of timestamp DCNL and a tuple
'Determine if a file or directory is hidden based on its absolute path.
'Call a command and return the output'.
'Test IO for W files'.
'Return the status for the specified job.
'Create a newenum object.'.
'Add or update an existing repository.
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
' physical information Section 9.3.17'.
'correct the answer for vsepr_build_correct_answer'.
'Only load if the mysql module is available'.
'Validates that a bitmap is valid.'.
'Return num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints.
'A demonstration of the same syntax as the one used in DCNL nltk demo,
'Return True if the locale is available.
'Returns URI of the theme templates folder for the current site.'.
'Test working copy from a remote source.'.
'Checks that the two token lists l and r have the same contents.
'Test coercing fill value type for masked columns'.
'Wraps a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'>>> import StringIO, struct DCNL >>> raw = struct.pack(">
'Returns the package id for a pkg command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return full pathname of installed Makefile from the Python build.'.
'Test tabhistory.serialize with two active items'.
'Generate a random integer id.
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.io
'Apparent position in true coordinates.'.
'Escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted DCNL
'Given a subnet id, describe its properties.
'Makes sure that distance is in kms'.
'Display a timeseries date axis.'.
'Train a simple GSN model.'.
' a_encode_set(values, mapping) -> encoded string DCNL a
'Return true if *obj* is a :class:` nltk.tree.Tree
'describe dhcp option'.
'check to make sure the ICRS distance metric works as expected'.
':param acs: List of AttributeConverter instances DCNL :param attr: an
'Escape HTML so that it can be embedded into a <script> tag.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'This method is used to allow searching for a member in an form.'.
'Transforms a list of time vectors into a nested dictionary of time steps.'.
'Get raw data.'.
'Register a formatter class.
'Return a list of tagged sentences.
'Converts a Context dict to a string.'.
'Load and return a class from a string path to a module.'.
'yaml: locks DCNL Allows you to add multiple locks at once.
'Emulate SQLObject\'s outerjoin.'.
'Check for decorator that shouldn\'t be used by test_tools.skip_decorator
'List members'.
'Given a rule and a trigger file name, return: DCNL inputs and outputs
'Remove a skills from the user.'.
'Get the mysensors platform sensor service.'.
'strings.rfill simple'.
'Read in the buinfo file for the current node timezone.'.
'Validate Google Cloud Storage bucket name.
'Check that centroids are pend ctypes + angular moments'.
'Returns a reference to the underlying entity group represented by the given entity id or name.
'Adds a default default weights to the trainable variables of the model.
'Reshape `t` by adding padding to `n_ones` dimension.
'Return True if the architecture is x64'.
'Test equivalence of E[s] tapers.'.
'Register a callback to be invoked when the application is closed.
'Generate a cookie key.'.
'get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider'.
'Check if the VPN is online or not. DCNL Returns: DCN
'Print out data (as a string)'.
' dense orthogonal randomization DCNL Parameters DCNL dim : int DCN
'Parameters DCNL in_dict: dictionary DCNL keys: list of keys
'Convert a path to a file system\'s byte string.
'Auxiliary function for permutation_test_score'.
'Update a value in a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Assert that warnings are logged via `` expect_warnings`` with the current database.
'Open a pty on the slave and return (master_fd, slave_name
'Test double install'.
'Verifies that the world correctly converts a function or method into an absolute DCNL
'Checks whether user can delete dictionary for given project.'.
'Converts the argument into a valid URI. DCNL :param argument: the
'Check if a string is a valid ref format.'.
'give a set of fake entries for known groups'.
'Makes a histogram from an unsorted sequence of values. DCNL Args: DC
'Converts an OS signal name to a signal name.
'The generic script can be customised by using parameters (see config.py).'.
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'Make sure the keys and values of a dictionary are all unique.
'Return the intersection of s with x in the trust region x.'.
'Expand shell variables inside of a path.
'Test join on two ``itersource`` nodes.'.
'Parses a GFF/GTF attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Restore a backup to a file or
'Summarize links to resource url DCNL Args: DCNL resource:
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the DC
'Makes daily promotions, daily promotions and reports.'.
'Parser for get_ids function DCNL Format: DCNL - bad_
'Returns a list of the partners, starting at the first fragment, DCNL
'Test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace DCNL masked values
'Perform stimuli on a given dataset DCNL Parameters DCNL dat :
'Index to one'.
'Create a new dashboard.
'Coerce \'value\' to an integer.'.
'Determine if the host_cell is in the free space and if so, pack
'Test to ensure that storing the value in the user namespace works as expected'.
'Start worker in a separate thread.
'Returns the path from a static file.'.
'Compare two variables, by replacing values by one in a new graph.
'Test that SAMPClientError can be instantiated'.
'Get a list of all currently installed request states.'.
'Return a CRC32 checksum of a string.
'Return a list of typelib instances for the given module and version'.
'List all nictags DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sort a flattened list.
'Prints the course\'s content.'.
'Loads a custom template tag set.
'Return inverse error function at given value of y.'.
'Sends a PUT request.
'Revokes an approval. DCNL :param aff4_path: The path
'Check if x is intlike.
'Compute the maximum, min, max, and present probabilities for each group.
'Convert a string to a unicode string using pyreadline_codepage'.
'Convert native list object to a list object.'.
'Return the queryset of published publications.
'Reinitializes the module so that it can be used later with DCNL a
'Render an individual page.'.
'Validates a repoweb value.'.
'Get the latest episode of a series'.
'Convert an object to a sequence or ndarray.
'Test filtering of ICA buffers.'.
'Returns a format string for printing the given struct type.'.
'Return a list of stories from a file.'.
'Returns the abbreviated ABI tag.'.
'Return a list of all floating IPs.
' saturate a color by decreasing its lightness by percent'.
'Get API resource method for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example:
' notification for create_prefix. DCNL :param outgoing_msg: Message.
'Read multiple files from a file, write them to a file or a stream.'.
'Send an Slack message with the data'.
'Return a pointer to thebacking memorymap associated with DCNL ``a`
'Load a subclass of ``cls`` that will work on the standard DCNL
'Convert Unicode string to HTML line breaks DCNL >>> nl2br(\'<
'Remove a file or symlink'.
'executes a DAG with the given args and kwargs, and raises DCNL _
'Return the IP address of a request (if applicable)'.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL
'declarator : direct_declarator'.
'Given a list of service names, returns the maximum number of names.'.
'A function to configure BGP from a network connection'.
'Test try_import'.
'Test if run_multiproc_nond resource should be False'.
'Mark the image as killed.'.
'Set the editing mode to emacs-mode.'.
'Create an ELB policy.
'Change Control index page'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Return an :obj:`OrderedDict` with a brief description of data.
'np.sign(datetime64 *val) -> int.'.
'Converts a string of bytes into a long integer'.
'Returns the datastore type for the current app.
'Calculates the average of x and y above each other.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.
'List all the resource pools for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Looks up the available subscription types for the provided subscription.
'Helper function to render an HTTP response that has beeninjected into a DCNL
'Return the HMAC-SHA256 of the given key and etag.'.
'Yield (labelname, groups, colors, data_colors, order) for each
'Check whether features are available DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the full url to the Bootstrap theme.'.
'Return a filter to check if a group has volumes.
'Return a database engine instance.'.
'Safely get a design by either the authorized_get_ design or the design
'Function to use on Group by Charts. DCNL accepts a list and returns
'Unban a twitter account by username.
'Translates a string according to the Greek locale settings.'.
'send and receive packets at layer 2 using BTS socket'.
'Rename all transcripts a user is subscribed to.
'Gets a list of models for the given app labels, with some exceptions.
'Sends an reply to a user from the proxy.
'Removes IAM role names from a filename.'.
'Check if the path is a reparse point.
'>>> md5_generic_passwd(password=\'testpass\', uppercase=
'Make sure the log should not be ignored.'.
'get_all_remote_methods( resolver=None, ns_prefix=\'
'Helper function to return a tuple of attempts for a given ticket.'.
'Initiate a Traffic Server configuration file reread.
'Add slave zones from service.
'Test that dcos api works'.
'Return the indices where ``num`` <= ``-1``.'.
'Make a valuation from a list of concepts.
'Test listing a \'backup-list LATEST\' on an empty container.
'Split a line into words'.
'Index_pages page page page page page page page page page page page page page page
'Return an ordered set of column specs.
'Raise a descriptive error, simulating an error DCNL of where we should
'Get span direction for the inset direction.'.
'Process executable by PID.'.
'Check that min_informative_str behaves as expected'.
'Loads a collection copy from configuration.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'<domain> -- Returns whois information for <domain>'.
'Create or update the tool_dependency_objects in the received tool_shed_
'Print infomsg information to the log file.'.
'Initialize a file with n-grams and l-grams.
'Takes a `datetime` object and returns a string representing DCNL the age
'Create a basic bloom filter.
'Only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than DCNL a
'Removes singleton variables from ``Expression`` and replace them with unique DCNL
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument'.
'Returns XLS representation of DataBook.'.
'Get bw usage for a given instance.'.
'Prints mathml representation of the given expression.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Convert an unsigned 32-bit integer to a named struct format.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the given number of times. DCNL :
'Get the xml element by key.'.
'Fake version of write_func that ensures that sys.stdout and sys.stderr are
'Delete an event from the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper method for _close_to_num().'.
'Plot a set of observation points as a horizontal line.'.
'Given a list of hosts, return a set of sets of all hosts.'.
'Get a retention policy.
'Check if configuration has been configured.'.
'Parse the \'227\' response for a PASV request.
'Start a VM'.
'Checks that the provided fields are valid.
'Ensure that it\'s possible to route the output type format by the requested suffix
'Computes a unified diff between two pipeline definitions.
'Returns the absolute path of the file that an object was defined in.
'Get gcode lines with distance variable added.'.
'Read style files from a directory and return a dictionary.'.
'Helper function for :func:`_factors_product`.'.
'Get media list from media elementary L{libvlc_media_list_media
'Finds peak detection of threshold DCNL mx: list of threshold values, mx
'Returns a list of objects matching the given regular expression.
'Retrieve information about an image'.
'Calculates the CRC16 table used in Python.'.
'Indent a string.'.
'The semantic admin view.'.
'Moves a ship to a location.'.
'The restful handler for certificate activation.
'Render the settings page.'.
'Get the Tag of a node.'.
'Create a HEAD element. DCNL :param repo: Path to the repository'.
'Mocked version of os.path.islink().'.
'a = [a, b, c] for testing'.
'Call a program with an optional timeout.
'Replaces line breaks in a string with a single space.
'Multi-class crossentropy. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true :
'Get the work with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with a
'Emboss an image DCNL Parameters DCNL img : numpy.ndarray DC
'Touch function like touch in Unix shell DCNL :param path: The path to
'Simple command-line program showing how to connect and perform SSL handshake.'.
'A square-free version of cdfvals.
'Deletes a config item'.
'Make a ``Ponym`` for the given app using the given global_conf
'Build a new request type for the specified recipient DCNL.
'Returns barcodes as a tuple (barcode, raw_seq)'.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test update_follower service API call.
'Open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Create a cache cluster.
'Returns true if may_be_null is nullable.'.
'Converts an integer to a symbol.'.
'Remove blacklisted filesystems from the list of filenames.'.
'Generate many random strings. DCNL :param total_strings: The number of
'Creates an instance of the authentication file.
'Return `one` / `other` where one and other are non-negative DC
'Returns a random string of specified length.'.
'Log the result to the previous handler (if any)'.
'Commits a transaction.'.
'Calculate the md5 hash of a resource.'.
'Creates a new channel with the given client_id.
'Write docs to local file.'.
'Formats a number with a serial number. DCNL.
'Find the utmp files and return them sorted in ascending order.'.
'Return a string containing a list of changesets that need to be downloaded.'.
'Return a dictionary of the names of all attributes of an object.'.
'Return eigenvalues of the adjacency matrix of G DCNL Parameters DCNL G
'Wang et al.'.
'Collect deltas from a namespace and send them to the cluster. DCNL :param
'Return the desargues graph.'.
'Close a connection to the MS SQL server.
'Determines a list of sockets for each module'.
'Return the intersection of set1 and set2.'.
'Convert a forward dictionary to a fixed ori orientation.'.
'wrap x into a range of points (m, x) DCNL >>> wrap
'Thin wrapper for the library import manager.
'Get package info from desired package'.
'Generate a URL with the anonymous redirect URL prefix'.
'Retrieves a dictionary from the request context.
'Load only on minions that have the win_snmp module.'.
' STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9.1.12b'.
'Make sure we can count multi-line tokens'.
'Helper function to the grains from the proxied device'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Locate the ads path from a description DCNL.
'Serialize the given model object into JSON.
'Delete the specified file or all of its contents.
'Filter a list of class instances to run preconditions on preconditions.
'SharedVariable Constructor for SparseVariable.
'expression : MINUS expression DCNL | MINUS expression DCNL | MIN
'Test box points for the quartiles method'.
'Cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content.
'Returns ungettext ( singular, plural) for given object.'.
'Install flocker on a set of nodes.
'Make sure the qtbot will quit the process when it is not started.'.
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Delete an object, even if it was not deleted.'.
'Escape strings for use in URLs (uses UTF-8 encoding).
'Invalidates module pricing cache for the given driver type and driver name.
'Get all available regions for the CloudWatch service.
'Return a string representation of a column header.'.
'Compute the Shannon entropy of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'statement : NAME EQUALS expression'.
'Strips leading and trailing empty lines from a node.'.
'Registers a new bundle.
'Return the hash distance as an int.'.
'Return a match between the start and end of a timestamp string. DCNL (
'Reset a user\'s password.'.
'Return a list of repeats in the array.'.
'Takes a string and returns the response.
'Mocked from vsp_horcm._run_horcm().'.
'Return True if this element is at the start of a document, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a dict of old license ids, keyed by package id.'.
'Set up a colormap.'.
'Add histogram and scalar summary for an activation tensor.'.
'Display a category\'s detail page.
'class decorator to register an already existing volume'.
'Finds the start values for each line and column.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on unicode DC
'Make Windows system sleep, returns after wakeup'.
'Ensure hosts in dl-fail-block-lists are blocked after update.'.
'Given integers x and M, M > 0, such that x/M is small in
'Common code to change a user\'s GECOS information'.
'Print msg and optionally exit with return code exit_.'.
'Is this media descriptor parsed? DCNL.
'Test reading raw edf files.'.
'Unpack a file from a URL DCNL :param link: File URL to
'Create a stext widget with the specified size.'.
'Return a filtered repository_metadata record for the latest repository that has DCNL missing
'Parse URL into a QUrl object.
'A more complicated version of the Bessel function DCNL Parameters DCNL a
'Update a resource. DCNL zone DCNL name of zone DCNL
'Convert a JSON resource to a ResourceRecordSet.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Clears a set of task instances for the DAG'.
'Return the frontend_url'.
'Plot single topography using mean and variance.'.
'Returns whether the user has fulfilled the course or not. DCNL Arguments:
'Get attribute of device memory.'.
'Test MNE inverse computation on bads'.
'Return a generator of all processes used by the kernel DCNL :param addr_
'Convert a snake case string to snake case.'.
'Extracts the json representation of an requests response.
'Get the intersection of both XIntersections tables.'.
'Compute the new array along the given axis, e.g.
'Returns a list containing the project names in the config'.
'Tests whether two entries are in the same directory.
'This is called every time a method is called, regardless of DCNL how the
'Simulate `input_arr` so that it can be embedded into a shell.
'Returns the theme that is active for this request.
'Return list of registry keys.'.
'get scheduler events'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run Spyder\'s main function'.
'Check that the provided field name is valid.
'Formats the generated config header'.
'Send a request to the tool shed to retrieve the current versions.
'Parse an XML element to get the bounding box of a location.
'Create a connection to the blame server and process the DCNL client info.
'Return the path and type of a template, as a tuple. DCNL :
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9.1.21b'.
'Get the file name of the version date.'.
'Returns JSON representation of Databook.'.
'Return schema definition validates parameters for an action.
'Estimate weights. DCNL Parameters DCNL log_ais_w :
'Run the `follow-import-incomplete` command.'.
'get actual status for a joyent node'.
'Copy the device but preserve the keys in copy_dev'.
'Converts an exception\'s value into a tuple of HTTP information. DCNL
'Get the MD5 checksum of a file.
'Given an application domain name and an optional display value, DCNL returns the application
'Detach the specified zone from the system.
'Returns an encrypted bytestring.'.
'List all storage accounts.'.
'Write an IPAC table that contains invalid data.
'Create a symbolic link from source to destination.
'Generates a random number in the range [0, 2 ** bits).'.
'Check number of CPU jobs.'.
'Read a link from the file system DCNL This is only supported on Windows V
'Get the logging level for the current context.'.
'Parse lists of key/value pairs encoded using urllib2.'.
'Load show database from Database'.
'Make sure that the test files are written to disk.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Factory function provided for backwards compatibility.
'Internal method to add a schema entry'.
'Decoding function. DCNL.
'Convert a date to a datetime.
'Transform a transformation matrix by a transform matrix where DCNL the offset is the center
'Print out the test job.'.
'Helper for the _find_* methods.'.
'Check linalg works with non-aligned memory'.
'Return True if we\'re running in development mode, else False.'.
'Raises an exception if the supplied string is too long.
'Enforce HTML escaping. This will probably double escape variables.'.
'Returns a list of (key, value) pairs for each track in the track list
'Register a class as an instance of the appropriate type.
'Return the date in a string that can be used as an email address DCNL
'Format an IPv6 address.
'Fields: DCNL :0: Module name DCNL :1: Core (x
'Check if the host is on the whitelist.'.
'Delete a PostgreSQL user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A list of people and others. DCNL This view is used by the Dashboard
'Only load if the redis module is in __opts__'.
'lift(abs(x)) -> lift(abs(x)) DCN
'Return the last argument of the function by reference.'.
'Generate the translations for the given item.'.
'Return True if the graph is a threshold graph.
'Extracts the account ID from an ARN'.
'Wiercing Pattern'.
'Assert that an event meets the datasource protocol.
'Tell vmx_path to start from'.
'Get all static unit names DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return dictionary of Schema objects for given dictionary of schemata.
'Force exit without throwing an exception.'.
'Compute polynomial quotient of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Disable the buffer buffer to become active (incomplete) DCNL :param dict
'struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union ID'.
'Return a numpy array of the given shape and dtype.
'Creates a query to filter Documents, Files or Weblinks based on FilterForm arguments
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts the type of lookups specified in a ForeignKey limit_choices_to DCN
'Process all assets that need to be imported by the XModule'.
'Add machine attributes to a machine dict.'.
'Writes the message to stream and exits.
'Check if the specified device is mounted.
'Only load if the redis module is in __salt__'.
'Determine if a segment iscompletely in an intersection.'.
'Print a list of available languages and exit.'.
'Convert rads to rades using rads2radsec.'.
'[ ]*\043[^\n]*'.
'Creates the URL to convert a user id and course in the correct order.'.
'Test keychains.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Returns the scale between inlow and outlow, where inlow and outhigh are
'Returns IDs for the current thread and its parent.'.
'Shows an user\'s detail page.
'A simple rule with two args: DCNL - operator, formula, stopif
'Get the names of all directories.'.
'Converts a document type to an entity schema.
'Remove thejacket image associated with this container DCNL container DCNL container
'Get the float.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'returns a set of (num_mixture, mean_dev) random samples from
'Currency view'.
'Verifies that the code is older than the given revision DCNL :param revision
'definition : ID \':\' definition_type \';\''.
'Returns a list of all language translations.'.
'IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9.3.17'.
'Resolve an object. If this is an array or dictionary, DCNL it may
':param identity: The identity to be loaded DCNL :param identity: The identity
'Check if the config file exists and contains strings that are not empty or DCNL
'count the number of records in a Biff file'.
'Installs `pgi` in sys.modules` to make it available as a
'Creates a deferred that will fail the test and will return the DCNL result
'Delete an instance info cache entry.'.
'Simple equality prediction DCNL https://github.com/astropy/astropy
'Check ifapt is installed.'.
'Return a list of all doctests for the given text file directory.'.
'Fetch the value of a single option from config.'.
'Returns True True'.
'Anonymize a MAC address.
'Formats the arguments for logging.'.
'Check if the system state would change.
'Creates the root object and redirect back to its URL.'.
'Converts an open interval to an open interval.'.
'Display the user\'s account settings page.'.
'Test cross product with 3D arrays'.
'Get the mail address from sentry options.'.
'Parse a date according to RFC822 specification.
'Make an ISO8601 formatted date from a datetime object.'.
'Return an threshold threshold as an array of values DCNL Parameters DCNL details
'Read a little-endian unsigned 32-bit integer from the file object.'.
'Get a compute node by host and nodename.'.
'Make sure that the plugin displays all categories unless the customer is DCNL visible by
'Sorts a string alphabetically. DCNL :param string: String to sort'.
'Set the power state of the system.
'Close all or specified cover tilt.'.
'Extracts parameters and returns them as a dictionary of (key, value) pairs.
'Convert a percentage value to an integer.
'Return the file an object was defined in.
'No changes to the image properties table from 002...'.
'Scales the image down by the specified ratio DCNL Parameters DCNL image
'Returns the leading coefficient of ``f``.
'Concatenate two or more xml files into one.
'Tests that f(z_th, pool_size) is equivalent to f(
'Used to daemonize a process if it\'s running in a daemon mode.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replay_gain_
'Get audit log entries older than now-offset, now-line and token DCN
'No exception raised when module_completion() is called on sys.path'.
'Given a dictionary of system_metadata, return a dictionary of image metadata DCNL
'Stop the virtual machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print the information about a given job'.
'Dummy implementation of thread.start_new_thread().
'Get port from database'.
'Return a signal to indicate that the process should sleep for the given DCNL duration
'Return average over a given base.'.
'Get the thickness of thesheet.'.
'Test stockwell API.'.
'Check if we are already on \'in_url\' and \'out_
'send a list of strings to a file, parse them into a list DCNL
'Creates a client for working with cloud block storage.'.
'Convert :mod:`datetime` or :mod:`date` to the G
'>>> test_pi_pi() DCNL enter DCNL value DC
'500 error handler. DCNL Templates: `500.html` DCNL
'Create a category from a sequence of categories. DCNL For example, given a
'Return a path to a renewal config file given its lineagename.'.
'Return an iterable over all collectors.'.
'Return the number of GPUs.'.
'Return a list of absolute paths to plugin packages.'.
'A view that raises an exception'.
'Write a 64 bit complex floating point tag to a fif file.'.
'Expands a column list into a list of columns, removing columns that already DCN
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Checks to see if a topics exists.
'Sorts the input iterator in batches and writes the results to a temporary file.
'Return the date the given commit id was committed. DCNL :param commit_
'Given an xblock, return the section that has a release date source.
'Returns a connection to the mail server.
'Returns the number of seconds since the epoch to read the seed value from the DCN
'Test that a bad schema check occurs in requirements file.'.
'Delete a thread.'.
'Test deleting a draft from a remote account.'.
'Run a test suite.'.
'Inserts `values` into `tablename`.
'Return the scene exit sequence.'.
'Update port details in calico network.'.
'Generate a random salt DCNL length: the number of salt characters to generate.
'Reads the contents of the directory specified by the file handle.
'Test the learning rate of a step schedule'.
'Ensures that the image exists.'.
'Parse a module source file. DCNL Args: DCNL module_text
'A function that raises a raised exception with the given arguments.'.
'Normalize the version and build strings and return a single DCNL version string with either
'Create a crispy add-on for add-ons. DCNL This
'Temporarily hide some attributes from an object.'.
'Release the lock acquired by calling threading.rlock()'.
'initialise module'.
'Run the \'sync\' server.'.
'Given a list of attachments, return the first attachments which are DCNL sequence of
'Open error resource file.'.
'xobj = _xobj_ascii(sysmb, length) DCNL
'Returns true if the confirmation time has been set at the beginning of a cookie DCN
'Loops through all messages in the queue until we get an empty message.'.
'Installs one or more packages if not already installed'.
'Test downloads with setuptools.'.
'Test to make sure that an HTMLInputter doesn\'t raise an exception when DC
'Scans an entry DCNL :param entry: The path to the entry,
'Virtual field: total volume of inv_item DCNL.
'Prints out all the queries in the database.'.
'Return a multivariate polynomial from ``K[X]``.
'Returns the localized file path for the given file DCNL For example, \'
'When Scenario#from_string() is called with inline comments, the scenario should DC
' human resource controller'.
'Find a package by name.
'Return the endpoint address.
'Set tmpdir/dir as the tmpdir/dir for the config file.'.
'Convenience function for returning a set of content parents with limited fields DCNL
'Return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user. DCNL :
'Adds a \'batch_axis\' to every element of a tensor.
'Pick a new logo, and print it to stdout.
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'
'Clone the repository.'.
'Return the name and optional version number of a provision.
'helper function to take a string and add an item to the list of strings DCN
'This function checks if bracket is at the start of the source, and returns DCN
'Return a list of teams.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Get the current token privileges.'.
'Update default configuration options for oslo.middleware.'.
'Yield all files in a directory with a given suffix in DCNL base_path
'Show weights report.'.
'Convert naive datetime to UTC'.
'Given a course_key, return a JSON object containing the cohorting settings for DC
' extrudes a gcode linear move file.'.
'This method is used to build a oslo_messaging listeners with a batch notification DC
'Adds the weights to the weights of a classifier layer.'.
'Test to ensure that the table get\'s prefix correctly'.
'Helper function to check if a view is a list view. DCNL :param
'Test parsing of GEM INI table with a single column containing pkg_data file
'Helper for ``_expect`` and ``_unexpected`` and ``_
'A ball unwrapped Bessel function from Scott\'s paper: DCNL
'Make a 2D grid from 2D arrays.
'Retrieve multiple keys from memcache.
'Make sure that we can extract all arrays from a large array.'.
'Assert that a response matches the given status code and body.
'<string> -- unescapes <string>.'.
'Initializes the Inotify, checking if the libc is installed and setting the DCN
'Find the base image of a given size'.
'Test that e behaves the same.'.
'Remove refct calls to functions that don\'t use basic blocks.'.
'Add sha256 checksum to search results for a Glacier request.
'Takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(
'Try to open an HTTP request and catch the exceptions, returning a tuple (None,
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type image: str DCNL :
'Test ensure_list_csv.'.
'Called when the message has been sent.
'Create a VBD record and insert an empty VBD record.'.
'Remove the modules listed in pre_mods and post_mods'.
'Compare name in NZF'.
'Open the given path and return its path.
'Converts a document id and sentiment to a json document.
'Ensure that the named host is absent DCNL user DCNL The name
' merges a given file/dir. DCNL Args: DCNL src
'Can parse the description on long named features'.
'Find and Register a package.
'universe parameter. DCNL Parameters DCNL id_or_symbols:
'Return the type with the \'other\' byte order.
' nearest slice to axis DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'Print the confusion matrix. DCNL cm: list of class names DCNL
'Convert a list of items to a dictionary.
'Get all EIPs associated with an account DCNL CLI example: DCN
'Serializes a function to a string.'.
'Unpacks an array of bits.
'A blank line'.
'Sends a notification event on a topic.'.
'Destroy a node. Will check termination protection and warn if enabled. DCNL CLI
'Convert content of config-file into dictionary.'.
'Extends an existing salt.utils.ext file'.
'Call a function and hold the result'.
'Returns a generator of (key, group) tuples, where the first element is DC
'Convert a long string to a short string'.
'Get the distance squared to the closest other point in the loop and index of that other
'Get the current indentation word in the source.
'Converts a datetime to a timestamp DCNL >>> datetimetotim
'return a list of (word, tag)-tuples of (word, tag)-tuples
'List all floating IPs DCNL.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'Returns True if address belongs to link-local multicast address DCNL space (ff
'Returns OAuth settings as a dict'.
'Create a new list'.
'Add whitespace to each of the parts, skipping the first DCNL non-whitespace
'Return the Jitterenvelope coordinate given the points.'.
'Check if Python is frozen DCNL :returns: **bool**'.
'Build Sphinx \'latex\' target.'.
'Calibration function. DCNL :param size: size of calibration to compute
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Run Markdown from the command line.'.
'Log likelihood for AR1 distribution. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Test that lexemes are lesser than or equal.'.
'Import data from a CSV file starting at start.
'Converts a string to a slug.
'Return a test suite from the modules found'.
'usage: lx extend-links [id|name]...'.
'Loads the given template_name and renders it with the given dictionary as DCN
'Get the directories to use for linking against pyzmq with pyzmq'.
'udp(src, dst, payload) -> str DCNL create a symbolic
'Swaps the values of index1 and index2 in a matrix, DCNL
'Writes progress information by string to stdout.'.
'Return a `500 Internal Server` error.'.
'Apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Get the concatenated list of all originallists.'.
'Get the info structure for a given object.
'Test whether we have a list of scalars or an iterable of iters.'.
'Kill from another coroutine.
'This will "add" the elemwise multiplication operators of several instances of elemwise(
'A list of inactive IDs in the certificate server.
'Check if the key is expired and return the URL. DCNL :param key
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Returns a list of the paths to ancestry of path.'.
'Sends an email to new contacted users when their status changed.'.
'Start a gluster volume DCNL name DCNL Volume to start DCN
'Returns None if an error'.
'Remove pyc files'.
'Test search command with missing arguments'.
'Resolve a document by the given document id.'.
'initialise module'.
'Log an exception. DCNL Parameters DCNL level : int DCNL
'Decompiler a DyberSource or DyberSource'.
'Check localization in line. DCNL N701: bad localization call
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Load the default config object DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts a sequence of bytes to an integer.
'Parse the updates line'.
'Compute Gaussian log-density at X for spherical model.'.
'Extract zip file into dir'.
'Generatewsaaction output string for an operation'.
'Fake version of is_vim_object that only supports the default.'.
'Return the status of the at runtime if the service is enabled DCNL CLI Example
'Return a list of subpackages for a package'.
'Returns the username for a user_id.
'Create a real DB instance for testing.'.
'Return True if `value` is a valid IMDB Person ID.'.
'Tests that hug\'s uuid type correctly converts and validates input'.
'Get the access_token using the provided code and redirect_uri.
'Compute the Freedman-Diaconis bins for a given array.
'Set a keys date to expire at a given time DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Render a Jinja2 template.
'Checks that a certificate is valid. DCNL :param certificate: DCNL
'random_sample() can be used in several test cases.
'Get triangle with vertices from l1 to l2.'.
'Install the readline hook.
'Try to determine if IPv6 is available on this system.
'Returns True if the given host:port pair is opened with DCNL the given
'Create a new WSGIApplication.
'Build packages from a single package file DCNL.
'**DEPRECATED**: use `imp.find_module` instead.'.
'Returns an rgba(r, g, b, alpha) tuple from the given args
'Remove groups from the input string.'.
'Creates a disk from the distribution ID and the Linode ID.
'Calculate the classifications for an observation.
'Ensure that the named dashboard is deleted DCNL name DCNL The name
'Create a new figure canvas instance'.
'Initialize a test suite.
'Return an md5 hash of the given word.
'prepend the scheme and netloc to the beginning of the url'.
'Turn a list of rows into a list of dictionaries DCNL field_name:
'Return a list of all directory that contains the themes.
'Returns the label of a node or a string representation of a tree literal value.'.
'Fixture providing a keyhint widget.'.
'yaml: heavyjob DCNL A test that will run on the test.
'Return a portgroup object corresponding to the portgroup name on the dvs DCN
'Returns the parent module of the given level, or (None, "None") if
'Verifies that the bucket is writable.
'Register a Python file in the registry.'.
'Convert a string to a Unicode string, if possible. DCNL :param x
'Return True if *args* are a valid URL'.
'Set the chost variable DCNL Return a dict containing the new value for variable
'Summarize a list of activations.
'Get NIC stats (isup, duplex, speed, mtu).'.
'Return the name of the value that can be used as a reference.
'Same as get_scene_numbering(), but returns None if scene numbering is
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Returns true if the method is a static method of the supplied class.
'Initialize the gamestate for the player.'.
'Generate a discovery output file.'.
'Set ssl certificate for site'.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd.
'Get the list of registered nameservers.'.
'Converts an IPv6 address in printable representation to RFC DCNL 1924 Comp
'Returns a SQLAlchemy query object for the given model class, using DCNL the SQLAlchemy
'Sort a chunk by the given key. DCNL :param records: List of
'Create all the empty directories under \'base_dir\' needed to put \'
'Get the treetypes for this node'.
'Return an iterator to the info of a container'.
'instance_name(instance) -> string DCNL Returns the name of an instance
'Edit and execute the current file.'.
'Get an ARN.
'Set movie position. DCNL.
'Builds a dummy VM Create spec.'.
'Retrieve summaryprotos from memcache.
'Monkey-patch urllib3 with PyOpenSSL-backed SSL-support.
'Interpolate values in new_x based on the values in x and y.
'Determines if a given set of nodes is independent.
'Get the bitmap for a layer (tile)'.
'Returns a virtualn\'s ID from the given virtualn\'s name.
'A view that searches for "assistance" header and displays error message.'.
'Remove an IIS site.
'Converts a version specification (e.g.
'Return the status for a service, returns a bool whether the service is DCNL
'Parse a version string to a tuple.
'Multiply two integers. DCNL >>> dimension_ multiplication([1, 2, 3]) DC
'language0 Language'.
'Get attack vector from dictionary.'.
'Computes regularization parameters. DCNL :param alpha: float regularization
'Query a resource, and return the data'.
'Ensure that the named index template is absent DCNL name DCNL The
'Create a palette with a specific color. DCNL Args: DCNL light
'Make sure link is still valid'.
'Test that the text is visible.'.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a Carbon Aqua Tk (instead of the DC
'Parse group id. DCNL Parameters DCNL gid : str DCNL
'Check if we\'re running in standard mode. DCNL :returns: **
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Create the snapper pre snapshot'.
'Return the number of logical CPUs in the system'.
'Verify that all of the streams in that list are connected to the same DCNL
'Create a file with the specified name and write \'contents\' (a DCN
'Reshapes each input variable to a 1D array.
'Wrapper around Popen.
'Simple test program for decoding/encoding of a file'.
'Task time slot view'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'This primarily exists to make unit testing easier.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Try to find \'executable\' in the current directory.
'Return a filtered version of the given harrisim location DCNL Parameters DC
'Encodes the topo_x data into (batch_size, img_h,
'pickle-dump data into filename'.
'Use Basic Logger.'.
'Validate that a device and a partition are valid and won\'t lead to DCN
'Return the configuredmessaging URLs.'.
'Truncates an alert, which may or may not contain more than max_bytes.
'Return the binary we\'re running in, if we\'re running in GDB
'Takes a 7 bit integer and converts it to a 7 bits value.'.
'Return a sorted sub list of the given list.'.
'Return rar5 version number if found.'.
'Reverse function for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.
'Redirects to another location using HTTP code.
'When Scenario#email is set, the scenario will be stripped if it\'s empty
'Render an SSH key.'.
'Indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using DCNL :attr:`
'Enter an XML problem in advanced mode.'.
'Return an icon for the admin app.'.
'Return a list of SQL statements required to remove all data from DCNL all tables
'Upload image stream to Glance server.'.
'Looping. DCNL * n: number of seconds since the epoch DCN
'Inverts a QTransform object'.
'Generates a set of targets from a source file DCNL :param target_
'Main loop.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller for Twitter Messages DCNL - all Inbox Messages are accepted
'List all users belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Destroy a VM, even if it cannot be deleted.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter.'.
'Return True if w is a dyadic weight.
'Check if an element is in a nested list.'.
'Bump the current version to the version supplied.
'Encode a single name/value to BSON.'.
'Check if serial is logged in'.
'Parses the response and returns the content DCNL :param resp: the response
'Validate read preference.'.
'Execute nagios plugin DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test that estimator.fit returns the same object as estimator'.
'Uses ldconfig to find the ldconfig executable and cache the result DCNL
'Compare two polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Create a slug from a comma-separated list name.'.
'Parses the version string and returns a ``Version`` object.
'Only load this module if m2 is installed on this minion.'.
'Get items in a base list that are intersecting a given list.'.
'Return the wiki document as JSON.'.
'Import a Python object that has the given *name*, under one of the DCN
'Returns a list of the primary key names for a SQLAlchemy model.
'MODIFY Section 9.3.17a'.
'Replace the XenServer address present in \'url\' with \'host_
'Extract a snapshot from a disk file DCNL :param disk_path: Path
'Create a coefficient matrix to compute the difference matrix along the given axis.
'Gets a list of domains from the certificate. DCNL :param cert:
'Helper function to check symlink ownership DCNL Return True if the symlink has been
'Define all configured servers'.
'Return the number of physical cores on this machine.'.
'Setup the universal media player.'.
'Restart the named ZFS storage pool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Close the native application.'.
'Return list of qml binaries built for mod.binaries.
'Test whether the nupic-bindingsprerelease package is installed.'.
'Build platform.hpp'.
'send data to a file'.
'Checks if a dhcp option exists.
'Provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket.'.
'Parses the argument and returns a list of positive integers.'.
'Gives a syntax-highlighted version of a tag.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Test ad hoc noise covariance.'.
'make a report of raw stats from old_stats'.
'Hazard Reports: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Test that copy_transpose behaves like it should, and also that the DCNL
'API: accepts output'.
'Generate the upgrade table.'.
'Loads and returns a template for the given name.
'Remove multiple handlers from application. DCNL :param app: Flask application DCN
' smooths a gcode linear move text.'.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Given graph sizes (unique_kmers, fp_rate) -> list of strings
'Find out what items are documented in source/*.rst.
'Check if the given string is an HTML document DCNL :param html: the
'Import and return a module from aorskip module.
'Syncs a list of urls using the naive sync_request.'.
'Return a list of all exercises (ids) that the user is subscribed to.
'Return a list of paths to search for the header.'.
'Set up the Bulb switches.'.
'Efficiently compute the F-statistic.
'Invalidate that the dtypes in mapping have DCNL string dtypes.
'Returns a suitable label for a field name.
'Updateplex. DCNL :param host: Server host DCNL :param
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'This main function allows you to run the restore manually.'.
'Convert timestamp to datetime in the given timezone.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show an affinity group associated with the
'Creates a translation string from the given string.'.
'Reads the checksum of a stored object. DCNL :param target: the object
'Replace contents with \'xxx\' to prevent syntax matching. DCNL >>> mute
'Verifies the signup process and redirects to another page.
'Remove leading whitespace from lines'.
'Determines if the given path is unsaved.
'Logs an unknown attribute error.'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy session.'.
'Convert a Python datetime object to a Timestamp protobuf.
'Generate a random UUID in hex'.
'Helper function so we don\'t need to import everything.'.
'unary_expression : MINUSMINUSMINUS'.
'Read content of a cached file if not already cached.'.
'Generate an array of byte strings.'.
'Stop an existing Inspector instance for the given *ctx*.'.
'Test equalization of channels.'.
'Return the parms for the specified service'.
'Returns true iff xblock has children that are visible to specific content groups.'.
'Generate n random characters.'.
'Update cached bandwidth usage for an instance\'s network based on mac DCNL address
'This method instantiates and returns an arc2 base cipher object. DCNL :
'There will be several methods that will need this general DCNL handling for interacting with
'Convert the xml element to a new style name.'.
'Given a list, recursively converts all integers into strings.'.
'Main fucntion for the management feed script.'.
'Return a SQLAlchemy engine.'.
'Submits the condor job to the given submit_file, returning the external
'Remove sample files in folder \'path\''.
'Decoding function. DCNL.
'Fake site name factory method.'.
'Return a string containing the name and arguments of a signal.
'Unpack epochs (e.g.
'Given a method descriptor, return a human-readable string.'.
'Check if a package is available on the system.
'[channel] <user> - removes <user> from [channel], or from the
'Output the graph for HTML.
'Convert a string representation of a network device name to a tuple.'.
'Assert that the clock is idle.
'Takes a Paypal ID and returns a message if it is valid.'.
'Writes all the strings in \'a\' to stderr, as a list.
'Returns a context dictionary with info about currently logged-in users announcements DCNL
'Raises an exception if arg is a key or if it\'s not a key,
'This function will return desired capabilities for sauce and sauce DCNL due to
'Provides pdbedit when available'.
'From github issue #1918'.
'Determine whether `p` is apuiseux` series.
'Returns a list of dicts keyed by column name in each row.'.
'Create an editable list form with a given widget.
'idlist : IDlist COMMA ID DCNL | ID'.
'Ensure attribute must be empty'.
'Read BTi head shape.'.
'Normalize and reduce a list of file paths to a single normalized path.'.
'Returns the osname and osid for the given flavor definition.'.
'Compute the node betweenness of the graph G.
'Return the buffer size in bytes of a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Generate a diff expansion link.'.
'This function will replace \'/\' with \'#\', \'<
'Given a list of locations, return a shortest path from which it DCNL is
'Test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is DCN
'Return the size of a queue'.
'<module> - gets a list of all modules'.
'Create or update the MTU of a block device.
'Returns link to Weblate documentation.'.
'Start the current greenlet. DCNL.. versionadded:: Nitrogen DC
'Convert a list of hsvs into a tuple of rgb'.
'Set gear helix path.'.
'Return the list of currently active children.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller for GPS TrackPoints'.
'List the file names in filelist DCNL :param fileList: A list of file
'Render a simple label'.
'scipy.sparse verson of eye.'.
'Read the response without doing anything with it.
'Makes a suite from a Hist object. DCNL Args: DCN
' restricts the dataset to the specified fold'.
'Return datasets that are in the given lddas.'.
'Deletes a task from memory'.
'Constructs and returns the manager entry point flow.'.
'In `clone()`, a repository URL should be clone if it\'s found.
'Get the weight from the persisted_block if it exists, otherwise return DCNL
'Split a string into a list of strings separated by the given separator.
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement SEMI'.
'Write all the data to a descriptor.'.
'Returns a set of random names drawn from \'first\' and \'second\'
'Sync state and modules from ``salt://_modules`` to the master DCN
'Setup Envisalink binary sensor devices.'.
'Marks volume types as deleted.'.
'Returns True if x is arraylike.'.
'Create a resource_type'.
' decomposes an expression into an (base, exp) tuple DCNL and an
'Creates a private IP address in the Linode database.
'Return a string representing a version number from VERSION.'.
'Determines whether the given URL matches the given finding.
'Parse the sshpw line'.
'Add vectors to the vocabulary.'.
'Return True if the provided image name matches the regex, False otherwise.'.
'Returns social object from running pipeline if it exists, otherwise getting DCNL it from
'Loads backends and plugins provided and returns a new build configuration.
'Makes a tensor whose broadcastable dimension is True.'.
'Return the host name for the salt_interface DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Download a web file from a URL.
'Convenience function for getting an executable by a process id.
'Returns detailed message about occurred unhandled exception'.
'Used to unpickle Model subclasses with deferred fields.'.
'Returns the full url.
'Determines if a given command is for an application.
'Check if BGZF bug17 has been fixed.'.
'NCName is defined in http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-
'Get all the mirrors for a git repository.'.
'Return an SSL adapter class for the given name.'.
'List contents of a queue'.
'Convert an absolute path to a file URI.
':type candidates: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type candidates: list[str] DC
'Return a flat list of applications for which we can import'.
'Return the application id for the given iOS.
'derivative of standard deviations from t distribution given observations and mean DCNL df
'Add a newfossil segment.'.
'Get configuration property *name* default to *default* DCNL If the property
'definition : ID \':\' field_type \';\''.
'Raises Invalid if given user_id does not exist in the model given DCNL
'Evaluates the image of the given height and width.
'Decorator that checks that the test with `for_signed_dtypes` DCNL
'Wrapper function for regression tests.'.
'Run a WSGI server listening on `port` for `application`.'.
'Check if a sound is valid. DCNL.
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a dash comment (\'--\')
'Delete Filesystem'.
'Returns true if the given private variable is directly coming from DCNL the given scope
'Pretty print the data using the given output DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Copies file from source to destination, overwriting it if it exists. DCNL s
'Initialize logging for the console.'.
'Encode all attachments in a mime message\'s payload.
'Blend columns. DCNL Parameters DCNL cols : list[str]
'generate supervisor config file for bench'.
'Finds the position of the rightmost value in a less than or equal to x
'assignment_expression : assignment_expression assignment_expression assignment_expression'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Execute a runner on the master and return the data from the runner DCNL function
'Displays a dictionary difference between two dictionaries'.
'Read a partition file into iterator. DCNL :param filename: File-like
'format an exception with traceback'.
'Returns weather data from location.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a list of students with batch student_batch in the DB DCNL :
'Set the policies of an ELB.
'Clear any lxc variables set in __context__'.
'Safely refine an expression DCNL >>> refine(\'foo\
'Add a package to a dictionary of packages to be installed with or without DCNL
'Create an inith HTTP connector DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a filter for the specified tasks'.
'Serializes a type with a template for use in templates.'.
'Checks if there are any required settings for this section, DCNL log_printer
'Sends an email to shop specific order.
'Decode task payload ( base64-encoded) into a dict'.
'Generate a random filename.'.
'url2ip(url) -> (host, port) DCNL Convert a
'List all the packages on the REST server'.
'Perform post-match.'.
'Run all commands on the OS X.
'Return the number of chunks that will be extracted from the given zipinfo object.
'Returns the URL for a given bug_id in the review request.
'Encoder using url-safe base64 DCNL >>> b64encode("Hola
'Create a hash object sha1 from the given type and chunks DCNL :param
'Expand $VARIABLES and ~names in a given path.'.
'Return the report for the local service *name*.
'Returns true if there is a value for a column in a HTML file'.
'Create an SNS topic.
'A coroutine (pipeline stage) to execute a plugin.'.
'Return netstat information for Linux distros'.
'Return a copy of the dictionary d with all of the keys in keys DCNL
'service : IDENTIFIER \'{\' field_seq \'}\''.
'Convert a failure to a excinfo object.
'Compute the power of a normal distribution.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://www.leidecker.info
'Returns the configuration of the users on the device DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'A version of Python\'s saferepr() function that can operate on pre-
'Add two images.
'Display statistics about the existence of a metric DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get a list of the available locales.
'Tests fordivmod.'.
'Fixture providing a keyparser only to ensure that the default keyparser is active.'.
'Create a Glance metadata for specified volume.'.
'Return the number of a month by (locale, name)'.
'Formats the variable according to the arg, a string formatting specifier.
'Get Legendre polynomials from a normal distribution.'.
'Run Freeview BEM surfaces for a single subject.'.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Returns the default site for the given app_name.
'Download Setuptools.'.
'Returns a list of user flags.
'Computes the error rate.
'Convert from cartesian to polar coordinates.'.
'Create a simple thin logical volume group with the given name and size. DCNL
'Return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository, DCNL
'Mock requests for getting messages.'.
'Ensure that the named database is absent DCNL name DCNL The name
'Returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Convert a POSIX path to an absolute path.
'initialise module'.
'See if the difference between two univariate values.'.
'Given a list of inbox objects, update the query DCNL to unread all
'Returns the eye matrix of a given number of dimensions.'.
'Get the evaluated value as a float by keys.'.
'Revoke the review message that the job was approved.'.
'Returns the training model for the neural network.'.
'Crops the image to the specified width and height.
'Get or create the profile object for this user.'.
'Get information about available memory. DCNL Returns a dict containing information about the memory
'Fixture providing a fake shell object.'.
'XRDS for OpenID Provider'.
'Send command-line arguments to Spyder\'s ipproto socket DCNL
'A context manager which enable named outer atomic cache for the given request names.'.
'Builds a text interface that can be used with ``note_that``.'.
'Return current day of the week (monday)'.
'Split a low tag into a state, id, and name. DCNL :
'<url> [custom] - shortens a URL with git io.'.
'Write the string to a file and return the length of the file.'.
'Reverse the given path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'Returns the secondary language of the current site'.
'Returns an account of a given type, or None if no account exists.'.
'Module setup page'.
'Parse a simpleflake from its payload.
'Parses a room\'s streaming media.json, which has the following format:
'Compute the GCM of a node, as described in DCNL https://github
'Writes text to the stdout (console) stream'.
'Parse game player stats from JSON.
'Return a string with bold/right formatting for coloring.'.
'Run the script with the given args.
'Get the root directory for zipline.
'Set the memory limit in bytes for the current process.
'Converts name to a SQL string that identificator\'s name DCNL
'Parses the locale code for localename and returns the DCNL result as tuple
'Test whether `x` is iterable or not'.
'Context manager to temporarily disable handlers for a logger DCNL The ``logger``
'Converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template.
'Prints out the function'.
'Show the details of an SSH keypair'.
'Unzip a list `ls` into `nout`, where nout is the
'Determines if the image can be extended.
'Test format of pep8 files.
'Detach a load-balancer member from an existing load-balancer.
'Parse a story file. DCNL :param lines: List of lines to parse
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'API: accepts a method and data'.
'Download from the file server.'.
'>>> get_text_list([\'a\', \'b\',
'Stop GeoNode'.
'Return a list of (path, relative_path) components for the given path.
'Set the SELinux module state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the RVM version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'If it\'s callable, call it with the given args and kwargs.
'the variance of the row x in the direction w'.
'A wrapper around astroid\'s built-in exception handling function.'.
'Count the number of messages stored on a response cookie.
'Extract full url path and query parameters.
'Returns the user configuration in which the request was made.'.
'Return a list of version strings from a list of major/minor DCNL versions
'Remove a section from an ini file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Turns on debugging mode.
'Removes the dependencies of the target from the targets dictionary.'.
'Check if marker is invalid. DCNL Return False if invalid marker'.
'Pack an object into a list, if possible.
'Returns fasta record as string ( label, seq, qual)'.
'Returns a string with spaces replaced by a single space.
'For ctypes errors, don\'t raise an exception.'.
'Checks if the given policy_name is valid in the given headers.
'Download a poem from the given host and port and invoke DCNL callback(
'Test human readable formatter'.
'Add a ratelimit rule to the rules global variable.'.
'Walks backwards up the path and deletes any empty folders found. DCNL check
'Finalize concatenation of data, events, event_id, tmin, tmax
'.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen DCNL The ``expr_form``
'Takes a list of strings and replaces each string with a regular expression DCNL
'Read Julian number tag.'.
'Returns 8-bit string representation of the supplied UTF-8 value DCNL >>> utf
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Move image off to the specified ring and separate rings DCNL based on the
'Obtain the OS version from show version output'.
'Patched version of urllib.quote that encodes plus signs before quoting.
'Quote a string for use in a comment.
'Adds a new domain to the site_config.'.
'List all users.'.
'Like test_two_model_instance_arithmetic_1d, but creates a
'Load certificates from `directory` DCNL Args: DCNL directory: The
'Scan all keys in a hash DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a string in hex without quotes.'.
'Verifies that the start and end dates are set and returns True.'.
'Create a string representing a table of data. DCNL Input: A list of
'Resolve a symlink at the command line DCNL max_depth is the number of
'Decode a base64 encoded string and return the DCNL decoded data.
'Return a measure of the sequences\' similarity between 0 and 100 DCNL but ignoring
'Parse an HTTP basic/digest authorization header.
'Removes the given axis from the tensor.
'Clear the admin password for a server.'.
'Return the XOR of two strings.'.
'Create a read-write memory mapped region on file \'f\'.
'Return the path to a unique temporary file.
'Returns the name of the current GCD project.'.
'Set value of a field DCNL :param doctype: DocType of the document
'Return the path of the named jail'.
'Recursively reload all classes, classes, functions and sequences DCNL :param module:
'Translates a locale string to a valid language name. DCNL >>> to
'Get the basename of a pathname.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Low-level implementation of fn(n, x)'.
'Returns a list of the loadbalancer backends that are used to openshift.
'Enable all the objects in objects'.
'Set the user\'s neighborhood to the provided string.'.
'Copy a future state from *source* to *dest* DCNL If the
'Update projection parameters.'.
'Test that URL with a trailing slash is normalized for VCS URLs.'.
'Return locale or the default locale.'.
'Resizes the image.'.
'Decode a BSON Timestamp to bson.timestamp.Timestamp.'.
'Add http as the beginning of a URL if necessary.'.
'Returns the account and token associated with the environment (if any) or (None,
'Calculate the error status from docker-compose up an imageassemble.'.
'Create an archive for one lineage per sample.'.
'Gets the gssapi authentication token from the given response'.
'This is the page where the user logs in without checking the password.'.
'Convert a string media size, such as 10GB or 3TB into an integer.
'Get the position of the loop and the total positions.'.
'Prints summary of available instances.'.
'Return a duration as a human-readable string.'.
'Ensure that the salt connection settings are loaded correctly'.
'Configures logging for the script'.
'Adds the header `hdr: value` with the response.'.
'Converts an IP range to a list of network addresses.
'Decodes base64 chops from the given string DCNL :param string:
'If any client options are missing we try to add them to the config.'.
'Get a network by cidr address.'.
'Test that erfinvgpu is compatible with the gpu version'.
'Given a dict of tags, return a list of dict that will be formatted in AWS
'Reset the global TF session.'.
'Finds the line number where C{code} has been read from.
'Takes a list of product alerts, and sends an alert to them'.
'Run cmd on target update, only if it is out of date.'.
'Test parsing null-as-none option.'.
'Issue a warning if the given targets does not exist.
'Reset the warnings during the test suite.'.
'Simple function to return if host is netbsd or not'.
' deliberately broken test - we want to skip this one.'.
'Greatest common divisor using Euclid\'s algorithm.'.
'Lookup up an encoding by name.
'branch_name: Name of the branch from repo_url'.
'Get the version number of py.test.
'Returns the host associated with a given IP address.'.
'Create primer data for primer'.
'Check if a package is about to be upgraded (in plugin_unloaded()) DC
'Get the SQLite3 options from salt.'.
'Make a call to the same command as subprocess. call_command_async, but
'Returns a cascade of all the apps in the given configuration.'.
'Delete a draft from the database.'.
'Normalize a polynomial in the given domain.'.
'Converts an integer to a string containing commas every three digits.
'Finds the parents of an element that have the specified tag.'.
'Prints a prettyprinted version of `args` to stderr.'.
'binhex(infilename, outfilename): create binhex-encoded copy of a
'return container_openshift version from docker-compose.yml'.
'Return a controller class for the given doctype'.
'Builds and returns a sequential model that uses convolutional layers.'.
'Get duplicate media descriptor object.
'Update a floating IP from the database.'.
'default fixture (clean up) run once after all tests of this module'.
'Creates a Key.
'Check if the file ispeeked. DCNL :param fs: File
'Determines if a `Node` title is acceptable for this node.
'KEGG link database from source to target database.
'Remove specified service on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a Subject (nid) into a dict. DCNL :param subject
'Transform a function name to the roipooling form.'.
'Send update to video status update service'.
'Returns {\'status\' 0/1, data:html or url}'.
'Setup the amcrest sensors.'.
'Helper function to load a dictionary'.
'Portes all entities to the datastore.'.
'Helper for :meth:`close_to_dt`.'.
'statement : blank'.
'Return the name of the current branch'.
'Add the together lists of the functions.'.
'Elementwise softplus function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_
'Install the twisted mainloop.'.
'Sends a message to a remote topic without waiting for a response.'.
'take the list of idxs into vals, which may be a list of values DC
'Returns a list of documents for the given locale.'.
'Returns a list of tuples of all images available in the database.'.
'Translate a text to a (word, sequence) tuple.
'Add an integer F name. DCNL.
'Returns the Hermite interpolation (cubic spline) for the edge0 and
'Remove an alternative for an alternative DCNL name DCNL The alternative name (
'A utility generator that pads argument list and dictionary values, will only be called with
'Ensure a job is disabled in the schedule DCNL name DCNL The
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``searchadd
'>> is 404. DCNL True DCNL whether the page appears on the
'Return true if `title` is a series episode title.
'Insert the default options into the command line.'.
'Test updating a contact using the sync method'.
'A list comprehension of the form [xp for fp in it if test].
'Clears the placeholder cache.'.
'Turn a code string into a form that can be sent to the front-end DC
'Creates forum role. DCNL :param course_key: The course key
'>>> foo() DCNL 4'.
'Get previous media_list_player. DCNL.
'Displays whether network time is on or off.
'Teardown testenvironment for the module: DCNL - Remove tempdir DCNL
'Extracts the Max-Age'.
'Checks that the dependencies of the host objects passed in are valid.
'Create a new sync point entry for the given entity.'.
'>> dns_resolves <name> <ipaddress> [<name server>] DC
'Returns True if expr has a simple KroneckerDelta.'.
'Returns a partial get of the notepad pages.'.
'Remove a MySQL user.
'Builds a karma web page.'.
'Reconstruct interpolation matrix from complex ID.
'Find the multipart POST boundary'.
'Register a new serializer.
'Sets the pants Scm if not already set.'.
'Returns whether the discussion id can be used in the categories for the course.
'Test cloning a git repository from a non-editable egg which contains a dev string'.
'Load the dependencies of the specified package DCNL.
'Obtain a certificate using a given certname or a lineage.
'Generate a challenge'.
'Records the payment parameters for the given order.
'Checks if the given filename corresponds to a template file in the project DCNL Helper
'Replaces space character (\' \') with a dash comment (\'--\')
'Evaluates the CDF of the standard normal distribution.
'enumerator_list : enumerator_list COMMA enumerator'.
'Split code at plt.show()'.
'Convert an arbitrary string to a standard \'extra\' name DCNL Any runs
'Given an Album object, generate a URL for an ASIN.'.
'Restore a backup from a grid. DCNL :param fid: grid number or
'Return (d, l, k) for an extended Euclid pair.
'Generate a random string.'.
'Same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash, except with imap as a
'CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9.3.17'.
'Takes the shortened form of a message, DCNL keeping the headers and
'Retrieves the downloadUrl when the BatchJob is complete.
'Load a pycryptodome module and return its handle.
'Lists all members in the organization with a MFA.
'This merges a list of segments into a single list, keeping only the last DCN
'Version of imp.find_module() that handles hierarchical module names'.
'Extract all entities from a template string.
'Delete to word end and see if it comes back with yank.'.
'Return True if `name` is a considered as an archive file.'.
'Read a character list from file.
'The opposite to _clean_data_if, except that: DCNL >>>
'Test either if an error when there is a wrong number of class'.
'Group List'.
'Apply operators to an expression.
'Encode a float.'.
'Remove module. DCNL mod: module string'.
'This function returns the data we want to install on all platforms.'.
'SaleOrder index page'.
'Assign lists and tuples in llst[lslices] and rlst[rslices
'Generates a list of statements to between the old and new rules.
'Add mtime to all text inside the provided document. DCNL :param document:
'Creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary.'.
'Concatenate all items of a list into a single list.'.
'Creates a figure and returns it. DCNL Parameters DCNL f :
'Plot the histograms'.
'Sample points randomly from a sphere-shaped structuring element.
'for testing'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Create a trials object from a
'Get the string representation of this object info.'.
'Helper function for prefetch_related_objects DCNL Runs prefetches on all
'Remove sharp mask from an image.'.
'Elementwise sigmoid function.
'Given the image metadata, returns the image\'s architecture.
'Get the path as a list of string containing the path components DCNL :param
'Open a resource file, if needed.
'Disable tracing of app instances.'.
'Reconstruct constant name from replacements dict DCNL :param py_source: A
'Return a string containing summary of the worker\'s configuration.
'Get the stylesheet list. DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Check whether the given node is an ancestor name of the base class.'.
'Return the SSH key type corresponding to a C{Crypto.PublicKey.pubkey.
'Create a new collection object.
'Add intersections of the loop with the x segment.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Same as a - b.'.
'Run a command on each of the configured app servers.'.
'Check qdatastream status.'.
'Remove old pafs from cache'.
'Retrieve services list'.
'A copy of sphinx.domain. std.optionDesc.parse_signature()'.
' grab certbot log'.
'Sends an API POST request and acts as a generic formatter for the JSON response.
'Combine common sections into one block'.
'Read a range of bytes from the file pointed to by fp starting at offset, starting
'Loads the positive and negative data files into a list of strings each representing the DC
'Saves given piece of content to the given location and returns the store location.
'Returns whether the cookie is present in the response.'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Return a dict containing only the fields of an object ( primitive, int, string,
' audit changes to all monitors DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encode the message\'s payload in quoted-printable.
'Transfer the closest remaining path.'.
'Checks whether user can commit translation repository.'.
'Tests whether validate() function runs correctly.'.
'Get a list of subdocuments to be read from the resource.'.
'The return type is not a reference.'.
'Flushes the Redis tables in the database.
'Get the value of the element with the given CSS selector.'.
'Parse the SASL feature to extract the available mechanism names.'.
'Find if the conn has a specific method'.
'Verifies the user\'s email.
'Marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped.'.
'Accept group invitation.'.
'Convert the value to a float.
'Test reconstruction of an array of all zeros.'.
'Deserialize count specs from text. DCNL :param text: DCNL The
'This is a factory method that instantiates and returns a subtype of DCNL ``
'Helper function to add a character to the logger.'.
'The loader will execute functions with one argument and pass DCNL a reference to the
'Return a list of color names for the given color k.
'Sum the rows of ``field`` according to the rules in DCNL ``
'Get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path.
'Return truncation of ``f`` by ``p`` in the context of
'Get hadoop binary prefix, if it is not in hadoop binary, return None DCN
'Unregister a previously registered class loader.
'Create a reduced set of plink tasks.'.
'Restart the project.'.
'Loads the MNIST dataset DCNL Returns DCNL training_set
'Make dimensions on a tensor and ykeep them even if they are DCNL broadcast
'Runs a network. DCNL Arguments: DCNL network: the network object
'<url> - gets a list of rss feed entries from <url>.'.
'Get subscription for a topic.'.
'Writes the login redirect to the target file. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Remove a MySQL database.
'A replacement for `re_unescape` that doesn\'t operate on unicode.
'int->None DCNL Secondary wrapper for veoh.download_by
'Test getting completion for zsh'.
'Set node type. DCNL :param typ: Name of the node. DC
'Helper to generate user cert subject.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'seen_union : seen_union IDENTIFIER'.
'cellnameabs(rowx, colx) -> string DCNL Return the
'Return the current user.
'Create and return formatters'.
'equity view'.
'Moves a key from d1 to d2.
'Fixture providing a line edit.'.
'Sets the default image dimension ordering.
'Builds the vmdk create spec.'.
'Returns thesoap accessor to the service. DCNL :rtype: string
'Returns the contents of the file with the given pid.'.
'Build py source distribution. DCNL Args: DCNL py: the
'Read-megen is a tool for testing purposes.
'Returns a list of (name, tag) tuples describing the creation sequence.
'Iterate over the gaf20 byproiniterator files.
'Decodes a sequence of bytes DCNL.
'Yields the keys from the filepaths.'.
'Sends a GET request to the GitHub API to retrieve information about a DCNL
'Creates a temporary CA file for the given list of anchor IDs.
'Read a key from info response data and dispatch a value'.
'Returns True if the given ProtocolError is the product of a server-side DCN
'Test percentage text.'.
'Test the HTTP request handler class.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value\'s length is less than the argument'.
'RELEASE Section 9.3.1.1'.
'Verify that the values of the given option(s) are valid.
'traverse the given expression structure, returning its children.
'Test whether a string is lowercased. DCNL :param string name:
'Return the hosts file location'.
'[channel] <user> - quiet <user> in [channel], or in the
'Get the module cache instance for a given directory.
'Returns a link to the attachment of the given doc'.
'API hook function.'.
'Returns date in YYYYMMDD format.'.
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement SEMI'.
'Log a message about a bug.'.
'Custom Method to manage the discussion of a discussion page DCNL.
'Get metadata from HTTP response headers.'.
'Import a public key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Hessian2 is the Hessian up to and including the scaling of DCNL
'Return a generator for the zipfile.
'Select first n series of a Series DCNL Parameters DCNL series : Series
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Build an issue line. DCNL Args: DCNL issue(str):
'Generate state tag string from low data structure'.
'Get an RDP console to a server.'.
'Find an emptyalt file'.
'Signal the minion to refresh the beacons status.
'Allows us to pass a parameter as an URI reference.
'Return compiled regex object for searching the given query. DCNL :param query:
'Enable Astropydeprecations as exception handling.
'Decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence DC
'Return the text of the source code of a given object. DCNL Args:
'Should not install always from cache'.
'Get a form field to validate a string.
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and
'Converts a tensor to a L{tensor} if it is a sparse tensor.
'Add a neighbour entry. DCNL :param ip_address: IP address
'List all volumes DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Reduce elems using fn to combine them from left to right. DCNL # Arguments
'Set setting dictionary to a setting line.globalname.'.
'Test search exit status code when it finds no package'.
'Add collar and shaft.'.
'Delete all objects in a given S3 bucket, optionally specifying a request payer.
'Make system sleep, returns after wakeup'.
'Completes a course mode dict.
'Compress \'body\' at the given compress_level.'.
'Read from a cache file if it has been modified. DCNL :param cache
'Returns only one file or a folder if folder does not exist.'.
'Generate a timezone-aware datetime from the given date and time.'.
'Return true if the object is a mapping (dict etc.).
'Sets the y, x, y coordinates of a mine.'.
'Index_open page: displays all open orders'.
'Read the code in a pyc file.'.
'Check if snappy is installed.'.
'return the basename of a pathname'.
'Test wavefront writing.'.
'Reverse a 64-bit integer (32 bits) DCNL >>> reversebitsint64
'Elementwise cosine function.'.
'Consume all subscriptions on a topic.
'Converts a dictionary to a url query string'.
'Detach an Elastic Network Interface.
'Ensure a stack is absent. DCNL name DCNL Name of the
'Plots a Platonic PDF.
'Configures the v1 http service.
'Return a dictionary of HTTP headers (e.g.
'Consume items from a queue.
'Because this module is not specific to any cloud providers, there will be DCN
'Capture a credit credit to the participant\'s account.
'Return true if the given module name should be kept in the output.'.
'Takes a string that may or may not be quoted and unquotes it.
'Kama Pattern'.
'deduce alpha implications of a list of implications DCNL Uses Ware
'Lists all available languages and localizes them.
'Return a list of transversals for each possible combination of `base`.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the public key to use'.
'Get the number of distinct frequency bands for an equalizer. DCNL.
'Sanitizes a value according to the current decimal and DCNL thousand separator setting
'Convert columns back to the larger String(255).'.
'Validates that the metadata dictionary contains only ASCII characters.'.
'Check if a URL is unique.'.
'Setup a MQTT alarm.'.
'Generate or create sjson transcript from transcripts dict.'.
'Return host\'s hostname'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Parses multipart headers from an iterable that yields lines (including DCNL the trailing
'Return the gid'.
'Compiles all the views in the application specified by `folder`'.
'Generic tstat function. DCNL Parameters DCNL value1 : float DC
'Convert a time tuple in xldate format to seconds.'.
'Broadcast shapes and strides to the target shape.
'Left rotates a list x by the number of steps specified DCNL in y
'RESTful CRUD controller foroutbound gateway DCNL - appears in the administration
'Converts to a string.'.
'Adds a new event source object to the event source dictionary.
'Commit reservations.'.
'Sends a flowgram to the configured socket.
'The inverse lookup table should not allow other columns'.
'Returns true if full package exists'.
'Returns the given value as a Unicode string (if possible).'.
'Create a certificate chain'.
'Return the cumulative density function as an expression in x.'.
'Displays current line number DCNL Example: DCNL >>> current_line
'Copy data from `original` to ` derived` if it\'s out of date
'Build a path from node1 to node2.
'Set the password for a user.
'Parse text string and return a PatchSet with errors.'.
'Updates the opkg database to latest packages based upon repositories DCNL CLI Example:
'Filter flowgrams based on filter_list and write to file DCNL out
'Raise an error. DCNL :param status: http status code DCNL
'Send a simple notification to systemd DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Open file in windows.'.
'Test that X.train, X.test, and X.test are sparse.
'handle click on menu item'.
'List all the datastores for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Downcase the current (or following) word.'.
'Get the username for a list of users DCNL :param user_ids:
'Gets a continuous query.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a new image from a container
'This function constructs an array of piecewise numbers suitable for DCNL embedding into a
'Return the xml element.'.
'Adds the authentication backends to the context.'.
'Return the name of the current backend.'.
'Convert to ANSIString. DCNL Args: DCNL obj (str
'Convert cell range string in A1 notation to numeric row/col DCNL pair
'Load the data, shuffle shuffle is False, and return the training set DCNL
'Unpack the data to a usable format.'.
'Get the number of polygon sides, with a minimum of three.'.
'Return True if the given BSON value is valid.
'Check input to ensure it is a valid source or raise an error.'.
'Send an email to a target.
'usage: lx echo...'.
'Find local s3 image represented by the provided id.'.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for POSIX systems.'.
'Compute the relative precision of a tensor along given axis.
'Convert a glance id to an internal (db) id.'.
'Copy a file into a new directory.
'Skip test decorator.'.
'String manipulation garbage.'.
'Test deploy_cert. DCNL :param plugin: The PyOpenSSL plugin
'Convert a sequence of strings to bytes.
'Instantiates a new class with the details of its constructor.
'Returns a list of synonyms for the given word.
'Filter out module-level JSON output, like messages from DCNL tcpdump
'Save stats for the given model to a file. DCNL :param model:
'Creates a directory (optionally also creates all the parent directories DCNL in
'Finds a variant from the template with the given args.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Generate a random salt DCNL length DCNL The number of salt to generate
'Extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index DCNL
'Sends a signal to a process by PID.
'Pause until the current figure is stale.'.
'Return a string compating a string'.
'Returns an unused port on localhost.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Computes the stderr of an array along given axis.
'Return the line number of the function\'s first line.
'Loads the model from the checkpoint_dir if it exists.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a date string'.
'List schedules belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Perform the covariance M step for full cases.'.
'Computes the raw moment of xs.
'Reads in the labels file as a dictionary mapping class names to the class names.
'adds a normal distribution to ys DCNL Args: DCNL ys:
'Get the application for the current frame or None if no DCNL frame is given
'Test sample function with regular SMOTE.'.
'Resizes all images.'.
'Start the TLS server listening on the given port. DCNL.
'Returns the comment form target.'.
'Unload a module'.
'Update a quota or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return True if `text` is a keyword keyword expression.
'run pylint'.
'Return whether ``checkNode`` has been completed.
'Count unique elements. If the type of values is np.float64 then we sort
'Starts statsd file. DCNL :param path: File path to stats
'Returns a language-specific version of the given language tag string.
'Computes correlation of series with given lag. DCNL Args: DCN
'Wait until it\'s ready to run with the given prefix.
'Strips whitespace between strings a and b DCNL >>> strips(\'a
'Safely delete an image from the backend.
'Get the memory usage of the windows system in bytes.'.
'Disable the service. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Pick Authenticator plugin.'.
'List public IPs for a particular user.
'Execute an SQL query and return a DB cursor.'.
'Test drawing transformed regular polygons using RegularPolygonVisual'.
'Creates a violin plot.'.
'Get the action by request_id and given instance.'.
'Unregister a previously registered handler function.
'breadcrumb example:: DCNL example:: DCNL example:: DCNL
'Get the index of a media list item. DCNL.
'Edit a thread.'.
'Runs the example.'.
'Return available translations.'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a datetime, if set or not nullable.'.
'Creates a new collection with the given label.
'Test with non symmetric input'.
'Pick an EEG position.'.
'Write credentials to file. DCNL Args: DCNL credentials_file:
'Test join with the given identity interface.'.
'Compute the matrix exponential.
'Add a `Bearer Token`_ to the request body.
'Print all flaky tests.'.
'Delete an ACL token.
'Returns a dictionary of system property values.
'Convert a discrete source space coordinate to a discrete solution.
'Returns the comment format as a tuple with the first DCNL comments and the rest
'Flatten a message. DCNL Args: DCNL msg (str):
'Take a key and return either toolshed_base_url, repository_owner
'Parse the value of an Accept-* header, returning a list of tuples: DC
'Connect to host and port.'.
'Raises a TypeError if value is not of type type or if value is not DCN
'Decodes the result given a string.'.
'Deprecated decorator, please use do_cmd instead.'.
'Raise an error if the file does not exist and cannot be opened with DCNL
'Returns the avatar for a group.
'Position must have same dim as arrays.'.
'Checks if a list is an ID list.'.
'Parameters DCNL values : ndarray DCNL Returns: DCNL values (
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Check that Astropy gives consistent results with one Pylons example from DCNL
'Wrap the the the the stock loaddata to ignore foreign key checks.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Files are approved if they have no review type.'.
'Join(x, x[, 1]) => Join(x, x[,
'Print a list of DNS entries for an IP address.'.
'Try to convert val to an enum, if possible.
'Simple function to return if host is OpenBSD or not'.
'Move file to new_path, overwriting it if needed.
'Download the contents of the url into the file.'.
'Build all libraries for the universal recipe'.
'Returns a list of related topics in the specified section.'.
'Change subtitle finder frequency DCNL :param subtitles_finder_frequency: number of
'Creates a Django test runner for the given app labels, and uses it to DC
'Given a signal, return a TaskMessage instance for the given sig.'.
'Unquotes a header value.
'Create a cluster controller'.
'Check if the given process name is the active process in any of the processes DCN
'Get a component from the database by name.'.
'Return a list of process names for all nodes that are running DCNL on this
' equalize channels.'.
'Start worker'.
'config plot.'.
'Rotate image 90 degrees clockwise'.
'year, month -> integer index of this month in this year.'.
'Convert a value to int.'.
'Creates a temporary copy of config and verifies selection'.
'Build multipart email.'.
'Unfollow a user. Confirmation on GET, action on POST. DCNL
'Parses a query and returns a Query object.
'Turn a list of allocations into a dict by UUID.'.
'Mask times so that it is symmetric and positive-definite.'.
'Return True if the text is an URL.'.
'makedirs(path [, mode=0777]) DCNL Super-mkdir;
'Return a seed to be used when seeding a random number.
'Gets all virtual interfaces from the table. DCNL :param context: The
'Get a list of files from the given HTML file.'.
'Returns True if date and time fields are matching; DCNL False otherwise.'.
'Convert the color temperature from CT to RGB'.
'Gets the Milestones related to the gating namespace specified by the DCN
'Print a warning message about a key.
'Given a sequence of objects, return a dict in which the objects are DCNL
'Return True if any filters contains "property_range" DCNL :param filters
'Checks to see if the task module associated with this instance is actually a DCNL
'Returns a file descriptor for the filename if that file exists, DCNL otherwise `
'Returns a boolean of whether the two values are the same.'.
'Wait for a server to boot up. DCNL :param client: A ``
'Given a domain name, return the domain name and a level 2 TLD.'.
'Return the full info for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Compute the norm of a sparse matrix.
'Calculate centrality scores for an array of vectors DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Test whether a path is a directory.'.
'Validates that the values in a scale are valid.
'Load an entire countgraph from the file.
'Returns the list of unredundancyed terms.'.
'Makes a ref group.'.
'Populate an app\'s populator.
'Retrieve instance type by flavor id.'.
'Logs the user in.'.
'Convert a ISO 8601 formatted timestamp to a datetime object.
'Import a class or a module and return a list of classes.
'Unpack a bitstring into a list of bits.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL `` prioid {
'Check whether a Subject has a bem in subjects_dir.
'Main function which runs the TextTokenizer.'.
'Returns the given HTML with all tags stripped.'.
'Given an object specification (e.g.
'Converts an object into a tzinfo instance.
'Given a course, check whether or not the user has access to the course.
'modify 20 units at a time'.
'Make a HTTP request.'.
'Creates the URL for thererun link for the given course.
'Check if nictag exists DCNL nictag : string DCNL
'Adds tools to the tool manager.
'Create a fresh output manager instance, storing it in in in in in_queue.
'Client API operation adapter/wrapper'.
'Build the HTTP headers required for authentication with the Telegram API.'.
'Set customer taxes based on billing taxes settings'.
'Determine if a given kexalgorithm is an elliptic curve.
'Determine if a point is inside a polygon.
'Signal handler for CTRL+C (SIGINT).'.
'Update a single registration draft DCNL Return serialized draft registration DCNL :r
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'Require the site to be enabled.'.
'Samplewise normalization of array-like numpy.linalg.samplewise_std_
'Compare common files in two directories.
'If the value of \'cc_content\' is None, call user.read
'This reads in a google word2vec word2vec word2vec file.
'Get the version of git DCNL Returns \'major/minor/patching
'Writes a course detail report into a CSV file DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Return the next item from an iterator that returns an empty string.'.
'Removes the persistent graph cache for the current user.'.
'Validates flags.'.
'Makes a simple 2D matrix by applying entry_fn to each of the rows
'Get equivalence types for the points.'.
'Print the test result'.
'Context manager to temporarily disable signals on a QObject.'.
'Translate an application error to a BlobstoreError, if possible.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally
'Change `uri` and `headers` with `body` if it exists, DC
'Ensure that a security group exists and is the default.'.
'Block the current greenlet until * io* resolves.
'Gets mean absolute error. DCNL This function is computed as DCNL
'Check that trailing spaces in row definition aren\'t ignored'.
'Escape non-ASCII characters as suggested by RFC 3986'.
'Convert image to disk.'.
'Return the name of the qos policy group associated with a volume.
'Displays a crash file.
'Return zipfile object for zoneinfo file.'.
'Creates an event object that will be logged in the current thread and DCNL
'Logs out the user from the SAML2 server.
'Make text into a single-quoted YAML string with correct escaping DCNL for special
'Synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model DC
'Raises a `~astropy.io.votable.exceptions.VOTable
'Parses name and version string like \'foo.bar.quux\',
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_long4(StringIO.StringIO("
'Return the difference between zero and k-1 values along a given axis.
'If filename is None, return the original filename, minus extension, DCNL otherwise
'Creates a new security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add the service to chkconfig DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set a single sysrc variable DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'This function is called after the test suite starts up.
'Return format name of given stream.'.
'Given a name and state, construct an extension id.'.
'Return a dict of all the images that are cached.'.
'For URLs that have been translated, translate the URL if necessary.
'Create loc files. DCNL Arguments: DCNL file_ creator: a
'Try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a tp0
'Creates the x-header for a request.
'Parses command-line arguments. DCNL Args: DCNL args (
'toggle data register D6 bit'.
'Convert GFF attributes to a string.'.
'Apply overwrite_context mapping to the context.
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash'.
'Insert a new document DCNL :param doc: JSON or dict object to be
'TODO: document this'.
'Returns True if given `ipv4_prefix` is a valid IPv4 prefix.'.
'Determine if the unwrapped line can be indented.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Turns a list of maps, lists, or scalars into a single map.
'estimate covariance matrix with HAC DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Get new derivation.'.
'Only available on systems with eix installed. DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'strips \'remove\' from \'text\''.
'Convert a dictionary entry to a (name, message) tuple.'.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.datetime.
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Format date and time from milliseconds. DCNL :param timetuple_or_epoch
'build an xlwt workbook from a list of columns'.
'Parse the xpi file and return a XPIInfo object.'.
'Return a list of namespaces, optionally filtering by start and end namespaces.
'Converts an XML string into a CodesearchFeed object.
'Returns \'image_model\' specified in settings.py as a string.'.
'Return the current load average from os.get average() DCNL CLI Example:
'Cast the given integer enum member to the given value.'.
'Strip the specified namespace from the specified xml document DCNL.
'Returns an `OrderedDict` of field names to `RelationInfo`.'.
'Parse a Sphinx search index to a string of objects and return the DCNL
'Deletes an integration response for a given method in a given API DCNL CLI
'Run coverage tests to generate coverage reports.'.
'Check if a tenant does not exist DCNL Return True if a tenant is absent
'Finds the comment for a given field'.
'Builds a spec for the creation of a new virtual disk device.'.
'Returns columns that are foreign keys from `columns` DCNL to the base table
'Generate the rst file for an example project.'.
'fill(a, b, c) -> a DCNL replace the inputs with
'Determine if a square isoccupied by the x and y pixel coordinates.
'View function forgot password page.'.
'Builds a codeobj summary by identifying and resovles used names DCNL
'Check window position.'.
'Creates a simple factory copy of the given state.
'Computes the central moment of the sample.'.
'Update the size and extent of an image axes.
'Test that we get an error when there is a wrong number of tails'.
'Get matrixSVG by transformWords.'.
'Re-issue the receipt. DCNL This is a function that is called by
'Ensures that the Unicode encoding of an exception is unknown.
'ansible oc module for services'.
'Decode a Base64 encoded string.
'Used by settings.py to grab settings from script.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Parse a Content-Disposition: form-data string and return a dict DCNL
'Turns a list of strings into a list of numeric objects.'.
'Decorator to mark a function or method as slow.'.
'Simple test to see if a connection can be made without any parameters'.
'Return True if path starts with prefix'.
'Creates a Faketransport server for the given protocol.
'*fname* can be a filename or a file handle.
'Check that the payload version matches the collection version.'.
'Prints/logs an error message to the server log.
'Loads a single module from each app in INSTALLED_APPS.
'Sets an instance of :class:`Store` in the app registry.
'Read the contents of a file and return it in DCNL a string.
'Create a virtual interface record in the database. DCNL :param values: DC
'Determine if the given issue is a relevent issue and whether DCNL it
'Assign and persist a simple sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example
'Deletes the OAuth tokens for the specified user.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9.1.40'.
'Test confusion matrix sampling with specified sample weight'.
'Imports the modules for a sequence of plugin names.
' started with an ioloop object which is thread-safe.
'Returns the next unique id for a given field and value.
'Default action which deletes the selected objects.
'Get the formatting function from a string. DCNL :param formatting: The string
'Check that estimator\'s attributes are set in init'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'This function creates the NRT module for the current DCNL codegen.
'Computes the average and standard deviation of a list of numbers.
'Tests that hug\'s greater than type successfully limits the values passed in'.
'Create a dataset.'.
'Waits for a server to finish.'.
'Returns True if a 404 at the given URL *shouldn\'t* notify the
'Assert a is b, with repr messaging on failure.'.
'Get the full path to a yaml file given the builtin module and runtime.
'This function is a shorthand for \'print_(\'debug\')'.
'Send email notifications for all users. DCNL :param id: the id or
'Fetches the exploration of the given exploration_id of the given user DCNL
'Determine the fully qualified shell name for a given shell command.
'Process the xml element.'.
':type filter_list: list[str] DCNL :type userargs:
'Ensures that the RabbitMQ authentication is enabled.
'Update collections vote totals.'.
'Return an unexpected error message from the given error.'.
'push a copy to the pydata dev directory'.
'Map a klass to a map record, and further classes. DCNL :param
'Returns True if the current URL matches the given redirect_url.'.
'Yields sorted and sorted search results according to the format and DCNL value of
'random.sum(dists) -> int DCNL Return a random sum of
'Extract (chown) all the members from a container.'.
'Return a relative path to `archive_dir` from `from_file`.'.
'Determines if a variable is in the graph or not.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Returns the path to the given object. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Append oscaddress to dataarray.'.
'Check that a query with the given mode and tag_sets reads from one or more
'Load resource from a file DCNL.
'Calculates and returns the checksum for a list of digits, DCNL returning
'Translates a locale name to a language name.
'Skip test if predicate evaluates to true.
'Linkify anounce url callback.
'Add a host to the hosts file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Displays the local subnet name DCNL Return The local subnet name DCNL
'Create a new database.
'Sign a URL with a query parameter and return a URL.'.
'Make sure that `remove_from_figure` removes a colorbar that was created DC
'Get equated paths.'.
'Borrowed from the py lib.'.
'Enable all scheduled jobs on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Set all quotas usage dirty bit for a given resource.
'Return the text inside a document, as a list of paragraphs.'.
' ordered product edit page'.
'Returns a list of tuples of all server groups and their names.
'Parses a subpattern with scoped flags.'.
'Get the number of polygon sides.'.
'load a file'.
'Get network\'s hosts config in dhcp-host format.'.
'Loads the given SQL query into the given folder.'.
'Convenience function for converting markdown text to HTML.
'Send a SOAP request to the device, checking for the DCNL ICMPv
'Delete device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Convert from cartesian to spherical coordinates.'.
'Convert the old font to the new one.'.
'New folder form'.
'Return entity group kind. DCNL :type key: entity group. DCN
'Helper function to create a titled group in h5py'.
'Validates a `bool` value.'.
'Escapes a string\'s characters. DCNL >>> s_esc(\'
'Return true iff params has a scorer spec.'.
'Add a lock to a package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Gets the interface type based on the interface name.'.
' prepend the root_dir of the path_options dict to the opts dict DCN
'Get command to be used for creating LaTeX document. DCNL :returns:
'Return all available services.
'Return the user\'s username DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the indentation level.
'Read a table with two spaces after the first.'.
'Generate some lorem impsum for the template.'.
'shorts ::= \'-\' ( chars )* [ [ [ \'
'Convert the xml element to a vertexList.'.
'Build a string containing the HTTP request data to a tunneled method. DCNL
'stmts : list_stmts NEWLINE DCNL | list_stmts'.
'Perform a single request / response cycle, returning Cookie: header.'.
'Add a new BatchJob to upload operations to.
'Extracts the error code from an exception, returning a string DCNL or None
'Fork off as a daemon. DCNL Args: DCNL pidfile: The
'Find and return the embedding table for each word in mapping.
'Determine the default project to use.'.
'Remove all references to a canvas from the context.
'Print out the output of a nested object.
'Compare two paths and return if they are the same.
'Get an integer.'.
'Tar the contents of a file into a tarball DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Convenience function to create a table.'.
'Retrieve all the plugin names available on the system.
'Given a Markdown string, summarizes it\'s content separated by a comma.
'Adds all dependencies of the given dependency to the current DCNL environment.
'Compute the inverse of a matrix.
'Detach a volume from a server DCNL name DCNL Name of the volume
'RESTful CRUD controller for the Facebook Inbox DCNL - all Inbound Messages
'returns the nth element in ``a`` that is less than or equal to ``
'Test simple model on random data.'.
'Return the integer rounded up to one bit.'.
'Return a time that will occur in seconds since the Epoch.
'Returns a list of all defined names.
'Splits the input string into a list removing empty words. DCNL :param str
'Module\'s Home Page DCNL - called when the user clicks \'index
'Decompresses the data using the LZS algorithm. DCNL.
'Time Series Forecast'.
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :py:func:`pyramid
'Test has_at_ least_one_key.'.
'Generate a random interkey interval.'.
'Takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human
'Check if MNE_C is available on this system.'.
'Returns True if the current user can access the given permission on the given view.'.
' receiver is either a function object or function object'.
'Return anbrick object for a given variable.'.
'Find the n largest elements in a dataset. DCNL Equivalent to: sorted
'Escape the given URL string for inclusion in an HTML document.
'Return a path to a pickle file with the sample data.'.
'<url> - checks if <url> is up to <url>'.
'Adds additional paths to sys.path to insert them into sys.path.'.
'Concatenate dd.DataFrame or dd.DataFrame objects with indices into one DCNL
'Builds a resolver.'.
'Convert an Oozie frequency string into a human-readable frequency string. DCNL
'Removes duplicated elements. DCNL >>> t_rem([1, 2, 3]) DC
'get_file_spec() -> list containing all source files.
'Returns the URL that matches the given WSGI environment.
'Date/Time converted to seconds since epoch'.
'Return extension.'.
'Truncates a string to a maximum number of characters.'.
'Run unit tests.'.
'Makes a figure.'.
'Computes the heldout score for a classification dataset'.
'Install the package and its dependencies'.
'Check the shape of the array and convert it to DCNL floating point representation.
'Returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset.
'Get the password of a database.'.
'Return a list of groups the named user belongs to DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Create a layer list from an element, recursively.
'Create a configuration dictionary that serves as input to the cluster\'s constructor.
'Return the to_index field for a given documentation.'.
'Check forassert_true_false_is_not() DCNL https://
'Encode site configuration configuration data for serialization.
'Registers a flag whose value can be a string.
'Create a fixed IPs from the table. DCNL :param context: The
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.memory
'control based on command line arguments'.
'Generate a random unicode string of specified length.'.
'Replace os.fork by :func:`os.fork` in gevent.
'Pretty-print a frame\'s relation. DCNL :param frel:
'Perform a click on a CSS selector, first waiting for the element DCNL to
'Given a trail name, check to see if the given trail exists.
'Suggest column names on table alias and dot DCNL when selecting multiple columns from
'Synthesis of an expression DCNL Examples DCNL >>> from sympy import
'Migrates the VM to match the configured relocation spec.'.
'X bitmap (X10 or X11)'.
'Skip tests by parsing config.yaml from the user\'s home directory.'.
'Checks whether user can upload dictionary for given project.'.
'Verifies that the command output contains the specified log records DCNL (in any
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Ensure that time is in UTC timezone.'.
'Verify that namespace packages are valid'.
'split_at_single([\'a\', \'b\', \'
'This method matches the signature for `xblock.runtime:Runtime.handler_url()
'Return the minimum distance between the two points.'.
'Given a list of seqs, remove outliers outliers (incomplete seqs
'Test that when merging a meta dict that contains a conflict, the metadata DCN
'required method to auto register this checker'.
'Generate doc for all available services'.
'Returns POST data.'.
'Create an ImageProperty object'.
'Saves an image to a file.
'Find the L(x0 + x1 + y0) for a line in
'Removes a leader from the group.'.
'Makes a safe subset of the data'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Get label names of the node DC
'Check that kwargs contains valid keys in compat_args.
'Example: DCNL connect(settings, [start_date,end_date
'Test that \'were\' and \'Were\' are excluded from the
'Make sure AST can compile valid try'.
'Returns the name of the host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a measure of the sequences\' similarity between 0 and 100 DCNL but sorting
'This view shows the billing details of the model.'.
'Determines if the given step_type is a spark step type.
'Describe a remote method. DCNL :param method: DCNL :
'Updates the var_mappings dict in the contents of the file DCNL old_
'Takes a file, returns a list of strings, each representing the DCNL
'Compute a neighbor of users with manhattan.'.
'Test baseline of evoked data.'.
'Load globals()'.
'Corrects metrics and other meta information.'.
'Check to see if we can query journald.'.
'Set the IAM policy on a topic.'.
'Watch assets. DCNL theme: string name of the theme. DCNL
'Determine if we should wait for the data disk to be used.
'Returns True if the source is votable.'.
'Takes a string and a dictionary and interpolates the string DCNL using values
'Checks whether the vector ` coefs` are stable or not.
'Get the extrusion craft sequence.'.
'Same as a - b.'.
'Retrieve the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system'.
'Extra arguments to use when zipline\'s automated tests run this example.'.
'Sum the matrix along the given dimension, where 0 represents the leading DCNL dimension
'Return a dict of validator data.
'Returns all the neighbors of the node in the graph.
'Destroy the named container DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Draw a layout to a figure.
'Return a checksum digest for the given file. DCNL :param afile:
'Basic compound inverse test.'.
'Element-wise exponentiation. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer
'Import tables if not defined.'.
'Capture the console log after each scenario DCNL :param scenario: DCNL
'Load data as an HTML5lib.XMLFile.'.
'Return the job details for the provided job name.
'Read in sample data from file.
'Takes a list of available services and returns a JSON object DCNL with the
'Get aeffective routers for a given package'.
'Get the XDG config directory'.
'Determine compression method for a filepath or buffer.
'Returns the JSON value of the request\'s body, as a dict.
'Adds \'unauthenticated\' attribute to decorated function. DCNL Usage:
'Verify if a command seems to be a valid sudo command.'.
'Uses skypename to determine the username'.
'Abort an executing test or test function as an exception.'.
'Converts scope value to a list of scopes string.'.
'>> extract_version() DCNL extract_version() DCNL extract_
'generic error message handler'.
'Set Bonjour registration'.
'>>> is_id_pair_list([\'a\', \'b
'Allows the user to authorize the application.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Files are approved if they are not complete'.
'Remove an IIS application pool.
'Recursive wrapper for :func:`_instantiate`.'.
'Test that an existing project can\'t be removed after a save.'.
'Select a proxy for the url, if applicable. DCNL :param url:
'Returns a CookieJar from a key/value dictionary.
'Log exception and return response.'.
'Represent an integer as a number between 0 and 100.'.
'Copies Document to a document_pb.Document protocol buffer.'.
'Get the path to a Python module.
'Get the max.'.
'Extracts the device name from the request and returns it if it DCNL exists
'Return the PID for a bridge/device.
'Parse an absolute URI into two parts: DCNL - the scheme, address,
'Return a parsed tree from a CIX file path.
'Attempts to decode an encoding that is not known to Python.
'Look for a usable EMR role for EMR, and if there is none,
'Validates that \'value\' is a positive integer or None.'.
'Install an addon button.'.
'Render the template, pass the renderer and the template_dict to render'.
'Writes a file to disk with the interface name as the DCNL config file.
'The inverse of service.available.
'Make a list of replica instances \'filter_list\' which will be used to
'Ensure that the named organization is absent.
'Gets an int param from request.GET.
'Return the score values from the submissions_scores table, as a tuple, DC
'Update the LUT of a colormap.'.
'Return an instance of :class:`FontEntry` with the appropriate DCNL
'Scans a TCP port to find out what instances are running DCNL :returns
'Converts the partition size in bytes to 255 (bytes) DCNL If the
'Converts an IP address to an integer.'.
'Returns a dict of environment proxies.'.
'Returns the basename of a pathname DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Removes the layer and resource files that are stored in GeoNode.'.
'Three-inside Pattern'.
'If an instance doesn\'t exist, it should create it'.
'Runs the example.'.
'Generate a Base64 encoded token DCNL Args: DCNL key: The
'Return the absolute value of a polynomial in ``K[X]``.
'test axes.psd with noise stimuli'.
'Only load if consul is installed'.
'Run pyexcelerate in default mode.'.
'For this proxy shutdown is a no-op'.
'Check if a pid is correct with a given process number.'.
'Returns an HTTPServer instance configured to use the global process object.'.
'Pause the terminal n times.
'Update quotas.'.
'Move to the beginning of the line.'.
'Print text with given colors'.
'Set the logging level.'.
'Return the mode for a specified RAID device DCNL CLI Example: DCN
' snapshot an image'.
'Returns true if the last web request resulted in an error page.'.
'Perform (pre-test) ttest on a continuous distribution DCNL Parameters DC
'Return a dict of offsets to before and after a single line, with DCNL
'Convenience function to get data over http or from a local file'.
'Log a message about the critical event (e.g.
'Returns dict with translated strings as keys and translated strings as values'.
'Converts a range into a sequence of rows, columns and rows.'.
'Return the targets from the flat yaml file, checks opts for location but DCNL
'create a Crosstalk connection matrix DCNL :param width: width of connection
'Check the header in the response.'.
'Returns true if the object is a dataclass, routine, etc.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the table keys are present'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'Retrieves the next opcode opcode from the data and attempts to return DCNL
'Dump a Biff2 file to a file.
'Try to get the current system user\'s username.
'Launch vcvarsall.bat and read the settings from its environment'.
'Helper function for :func:`re.flatten` and :func:`re
'Register a test method as a test class.'.
'Return grains based on osdata choices'.
'Merge two whisper databases.
'Run the script and return its output, or None if it fails.'.
'Read a packet from a socket.
'Convert an IPv6 address in Compact Representation Notation DCNL (R
'Get an object by name, if name is None the DCNL first found object
'Updates symlinks based on config file.'.
'Factor a polynomial in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Use an etag_func() that returns a string instead of an etag.'.
'Activate API deployment for a given restApiId and deploymentId.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple web
'Convert a cgi response into `header` and `output`'.
'Helper function that sets the regkey attribute of each policy item if it exists.'.
'Add quotes around a string if we\'re in a bash shell.'.
'Upgrades all packages via brew DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the profile base file name.'.
'Validate an IPv4 address. DCNL.
'new category form'.
'Register a service in the current stack.
'Obtain serial number from show version output'.
'Returns the absolute url of the given path, where the scheme and domain are DCN
'Get intersection of x intersection indexes.'.
'Redirect n times.'.
'Format masq for inclusion in a remote host.'.
'Move a stored file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path:
'Return the relevant reservations.'.
'Evaluate ``f`` for each element in ``GF(p)[x]`
'Convert Markdown to HTML.
'tv_chambolle 3D test.'.
'Delete the transaction directory corresponding to the rebalance object.'.
'Ensure the CA filesystem exists.'.
'Remove ownership of the downloader'.
'Check that transforms work for arrays.'.
'atom : MINUS atom DCNL | MINUS atom DCNL | MIN
'Generate pngs file. DCNL :param only_if_needed: If
'Log a message with severity \'root\' on the root logger.'.
'Get words in test_data_path based on the content of the file'.
'yaml: gitlab-notifier DCNL Set build status on gitlab.
'Determine the correct return type for the given arguments.
'Checks if value is a localizable type (date, number...) and returns it DC
'List availability zones. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Parse HTTP headers from XML-RPC DCNL Args: DCNL headers (
'Build a selector from a path and a dictionary of namespaces.'.
'Test that the CUDA driver uses the device_number argument when initialized from DCNL
'``filename``` is the name of the JSON file that contains the DC
'Returns a string representing the tree details'.
'Returns a class instance appropriate for the response. DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Assert that no element is found.
'Write data to tty log DCNL.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL
'Given a list of strings, create the `Query` and `Sort` that they
'Return unique value for specified id type'.
'Computes variance. DCNL xs: sequence of values DCNL >>>
'Return strategy module name.'.
'Generate and return a human-readable age for the given issue time.
'This is the main function.'.
'Test match_rules function.'.
'Returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list.'.
'Compute the residual.'.
'Retrieve an option value.
'Helper thread for loading images from queue.'.
'Converts tags in a string to a list. DCNL :param key:
'Returns logger used by multiprocessing'.
'Return a list of the jobs that match the criteria DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Renders the login form'.
'Attach translations to given collections.'.
'Converts a projected entity to a message.
'This will store the language information dictionary for the given language DCNL code in a
'Infer the frequency of a pandas Series or a TimedeltaIndex.'.
'decorator for a view that indicates that the user is admin DCNL only.'.
'Setup the hyperion platform.'.
'Convert a list of strings into a ConfigParser object'.
'Add cell data to task log.'.
'Helper method to load a plugin from entry points.'.
'Assert that ``a`` equals ``b``.
'Build a test suite from a given directory.'.
'Convert an RGB color to an RGBA color.
'A customized cache key function'.
'Write the properties xml.'.
'Read a numpy array given a file handle.
'Displays the usage'.
' component 2 - publish call.'.
'Create zone for service. DCNL :param service: Service object DCNL
'Returns the total number of seconds in the duration.'.
'Return a file writer object for the file with the given handle.
'Summarize all train variables. DCNL Args: DCNL train_
'Check whether the user can browse the repository reviews.
' lighten a color by decreasing its lightness by percent'.
'Process xmlElement by svgReader.'.
'Given a list of regions, exclude them from creating a new instance.
'Plots a line. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of
'Process the docstring for a given object.'.
'Return source at the index of the component that starts with start_iconset.'.
'Generate test data'.
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Find the name of the user that QEMU is running on.
'A function that returns the value of the property DCNL :attr:`py
'Return the type of the file using imp.type_for_filename.'.
'Ensure that a directory is present, creating it if needed.
'Returns a list of dict objects representing blog posts.'.
'Prints debug message to stdout'.
'Delete all image properties for given image'.
'Check source code withpep8'.
'Swap system memory as a (total, used, total) tuple.'.
'Converts params into a list of dicts for each depth.'.
'Close the event loop'.
'Generate a string containing a summary of all unit tests in the DCNL given namespace
'Test sensitivity_specificity_support.'.
'Accepts a number as a string and returns the corresponding email DCNL number'.
'Return a GCP connection for the specified provider.'.
'Stop GeoNode DCNL This is a no-op.
'List pings. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Concatenate two sequences of same length DCNL >>> a + b DCNL
'Make sure we can compile this source code.'.
'Add a new service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Start generating certificates for students in a course.'.
'll_nbp(y, x, beta, alph, q) ->
'Returns an appropriate script, based on settings, according to DCNL theme_settings
'Displays the login form and handles the login action.'.
'Process a download that did not complete correctly'.
'Check if the table has a constraint with the given name.'.
' liability edit page'.
'Return the general user data'.
'Takes a Steam ID_64 formatted ID and returns a ID32 formatted ID DC
'A data_structure is a nested dictionary DCNL dot_path_or_
'Check if the admin URLs short list are correctly constructed.'.
'Parse an output specification of the form ``(out_dims, out_func,
'Sends a DELETE request and acts as a generic formatter for the JSON response.'.
'str->None DCNL Secondary wrapper for sina_download_by_
'Return the Python version as string \'major.minor.patchlevel\' DCN
'Return a value for the requested metric'.
'overload_dummy(a, b, c) -> a dummy DCNL
'Same as allocate_lock() but returns a new instance of locktype.'.
'Gets a list of exploration ids that match a query.
'Same as ~a.'.
'Return (unicode_strg, updated value of pos)'.
'Reshapes the incoming Tensor.
' parallel version of data_parallel.
'Return server version from grub --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Check if current thread isiniothread.'.
'Try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'>>> respond <code> DCNL Shows an HTTP response with a standard
'Parse an IMAP4 INTERNALDATE string.
'Convenience function to get an object matching a query given a model.
'Create some drawdowns from a pnl object'.
'Builds the prop filter spec.'.
'API: accepts output, error'.
'>>> r(seqn) DCNL >>> r(seqn) DC
'Fixture providing a single user and group it with the required DCNL permissions.'.
'Flatten an object into a single list.
'Conditional.get_weights returns its MLP\'s weights'.
'Merge report_only_policies dict entries into non_report_only_policies_
'Create a compute node from the values dictionary.'.
'Checks to see if any problems in the exams table are associated with an entrance
'Sends email to given recipients.
'Human Resource REST controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in
'>>> choosepoctype(\'/path/to/file\') DCN
'Computes the hist kernel for a tensor.'.
' compatibility between Python 2 and Python 3 compatibility classes'.
'Return the version that has been added to the file.
'Gets the current storage level, falling back to the default level.'.
'Return the trailing coefficient of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'dimitem : dimitem COMMA dimitem DCNL | dimitem'.
'Collects a set of hosts and an optional chroot from a string.
'Convert a remote URL to local file, using osx-nsurl.
'Attempt to find Mercurial tag in the given path.
'missing whitespace after import keyword. DCNL https://github.com/astropy
'Returns a tuple of tiers for a given device in ascending order by DCNL
'Handle a signal handler block DCNL :param obj: The object to execute the
'Map the function fn over the elements elems and return the outputs. DCNL #
'Computes the arcsech of a value'.
'Puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have DCNL to
'Edit user profile.'.
'Recursively walk the tree and return all files that match the given glob DCNL pattern
'Format a plugin info table.'.
'Order JSON dict for comparison purposes DCNL :param data: JSON dict DCN
'Converts a blockdevice_id to a dataset_id.
'Returns a dict describing specific flavor_id.'.
'Returns a generator with n-grams (tuples of n-grams) from
'Load an inline module and return an ffi and a reference to that module.'.
'cd() should work with absolute paths'.
'Check if number of values are valid, cast to a value based on DCNL
' two step step backprop regression. DCNL Returns DCNL f1 and
'Given a indexer_id, return a list of all the scene exceptions.'.
'Return the vertical spacing before comments.
'Test a line profile can be used with dynamic lines.'.
'Match a subscription to a topic.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Checks if the authenticated user is allowed to use the given user object.
'Return system CPU information for SunOSX DCNL.
'Ensure that cookies for all URLs are set correctly.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid cut'.
'Returns the norm of the function between two vectors.
'Convert a module description list into (name, shortname, longname, help)
'fast version of np.count() with smallints'.
'Remove accents from a string.'.
'Set OpenGL configuration'.
'Retrieves a blob from the blob_key and returns it.
'Calls cache.use_cached_files and returns True if successful.
'Prints the version of py.test_version.'.
' abs(a) -> float DCNL Return the absolute value of a :class
'Check if <name> is a valid version of <name>.'.
'Set the default values for the log_levels and external_opts.'.
'Shifts divisions to the given date/offset, if they are known.
'Binary log loss for classification.
'Mark a property\'s value as modified.
'Instantiate calendar class by name.'.
'Generates a randomalphanumeric string of specified length.'.
'Opens a resource with the desired name.
'Add infill boundary to nestedRings.'.
'Remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list.'.
'Unload a module and all its submodules.'.
'Validate pack name. DCNL :param name: Name of the pack. DC
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Load a class by name starting with the module name and starting with the DCNL
'Gram-Schmidt-like decorrelation. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Fix some stuff in all makefiles'.
'Import a private/public key from a passphrase.
'Importing vispy.app should not import too many modules.'.
'Build a SelectField whose options are the keys in app.toolbox.
'Convert an HTML page into annotation html.
'Returns user permission codename. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Lists all documents.'.
'Looks for all the files in the S3 bucket cache metadata'.
'Sends an HTML receipt email for a purchase for a given contribution.'.
'converts a list into a numpy array and returns it as a numpy array'.
'Make links to log files'.
'Return True if the given class is inherited from the inherited table.'.
'Set a configuration option.'.
'Get a configuration rollback DCNL :param name: Configuration rollback name DCNL
'Remove the mount point from the fstab DCNL name DCNL Name of
'Check if a file exists and isifo.
'Make sure that settings.save_email_subscriptions is set to True.
'Add slashes before quotes.
'Provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their ip6 addresses DCNL The
'Return PCoA scores for each line in lines'.
'Run netcat on a network and interact with it.'.
'Join Operation for pandas DataFrame DCNL >>> compute_up([1, 2, 3]) DC
'Handle registration form.'.
'Test laplace filter with a mask.'.
'sample color prefs and map data based on options.'.
'Sends a GET request to the API using requests.
'Validate that the data is a list of valid devices.'.
'Handle a delimiter, file, and XML-compatible version of file_form.
'Convert a path to a human-readable form'.
'Build a qsub command to execute the command. DCNL :param cmd:
'Render an HTML page with the given genshi data'.
'Sorts a list in ascending order according to a given sort criteria.
'Test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and DCNL no force
'Returns a link to `page` in the CMS base'.
'Fetch promo image for a website DCNL :param pk: Name of the
'Copy the given path to the clipboard.
'Print a list of items.'.
'Create a text file with the given name and contents.
'Load a XML tree at the given path and return it.
'Check we have at least min_healthy instances configured.
'Check that every character in `data` has been checked DCNL before using it
'Delete a user from the specified htpasswd file.'.
'Fixture providing a fake tabbed browser stub.'.
'Evaluate a set of subs for a given prec.'.
'Convert a file size to human-readable bytes.
'creates an object'.
'Yield non-empty/non-comment lines of a string or sequence'.
'Parse the driverdisk line'.
'Check if tag is a blocklevel element.'.
'Changes the specified secret and stores it in the secrets database.
'Creates a Reference from a Reference.
'Removes the list of lines from the output to be done.
'Get the fabmetheus directory path.'.
'Verifies that a named file exists.
'Given a list of values, returns the logarithm plus any differences DCNL
'Download the result from NZB to a temporary file and pass to resprovider DC
'List of videos available in the course.'.
'Parse a URL into its path and environment'.
'Ignore if the user is not allowed to administer the group specified.'.
'Split a command line into its path and arguments'.
' integration tests'.
'Prints a list of expected diffs DCNL Args: DCNL diffs:
'a: A theano matrix DCNL b: A theano matrix DCNL Returns
'Can the given user change setting type?'.
'Resizes given url to `maxwidth`'.
'Convert a pyparsing row to a dict.'.
'Install custom language if not installed.'.
'Determines if a message descriptor is present in the parent message descriptor.
'Sca the current axes.
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 response based on response code'.
'Returns a list of paths to the files that belong to the given scheme.
'Setup the ZigBee sensor.'.
'Finds the language corresponding to the given language.
'Require QNetwork access manager to be available.'.
'Return an iterator over all valid collectors.
'Return string with escaped quotes'.
'Fetch a journal entry from the table.
'Extract and extract ports that are configured to be used as part of the DCNL
'return the size of an object'.
'Get the points from the segment table.'.
'Creates a redirect from a URL.
'Process data and log it usingflowgram_ali'.
'Delete an image tag.'.
'Return the current year.'.
'Load tracer by PID. DCNL :param pid: process id DCNL
'Translates a regular variable name.'.
'Same as a is b.'.
'Gets information about the current user from an HTTP cookie.
' browse an object'.
'Return all nodes reachable from `source` in G. DCNL Parameters DCN
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Main script execution.'.
'Get the jump point if it is inside the boundary, otherwise return None.'.
'Given a set of Roids, filter out overlapping proposals.
'Get a value for the table'.
'Set up and compile theearth positionvel.'.
'Parse a snippets file.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Check if the given IP address is private DCNL.
'Install the latest version of Markdown\'s code.'.
'Convert hex string (e.g.
'Return EOL characters for the given OS name'.
'Formats a date per RFC 3339.'.
'Returns with the scopes from the given credentials: DCNL e.g.
'Create COW image DCNL Creates a COW image with the given backing file
'Return the contents of user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Sends e-mail to a user when a review is created.
'parse_interval(interval_string) -> datetime.date or datetime.datetime DC
'Converts a jobsub design object to the corresponding JobSubDesign class.
'Returns a generator of (app name, module) tuples.'.
'Load overrides from a config file.
'Try to determine if gcc isllvm is installed.'.
'return the OpenShift version DCNL Args: DCNL facts (dict):
'Returns True if given stream is a DBF file.'.
'Generator that yields all entities from a cursor.'.
'Like urllib.quote, but handles reserved characters.'.
'Inverts data register bit in data register'.
'abstract_declarator_opt : abstract_declarator'.
'Raises ` invoke()` if ` invoke_version` is greater than DCNL
'Finds the necessary environment variables for app_name.
'Get all role assignments for a user.
'Generates public and private keys of nbits bits.
'Test the fit sample routine with a 0.5 ratio'.
'Returns true if all children of the given section have a problem in it.'.
'Returns line of text starting at index'.
'Create SAML provider. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Drop a site'.
'Log out the user from the control panel.'.
'Restores the status of an app to pending changes.'.
'Returns the Levenshtein edit distance between two strings.'.
'List all Salt Queues on the Salt Master DCNL CLI Example:
'For a given directory and basename, return a list of paths relative to DCNL
'Get a list of Feed Item Ids used by a campaign via a given Campaign
'Redefine this fixture to change the runtime configuration.'.
'Return a list of square-free polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Educated from the Udhr corpus.'.
'Write a list of commits to a stream. DCNL :param repo: Path
'Import a file into the datastore.'.
'Test clear_keystring.'.
'Add the x intersection indexes from a loop.'.
'Test get_inst_data.'.
'Get a colormap by name, resampling with a given LUT.
'Find the cost functions and return them in a list of tuples. DCNL :
'Reshape an array to the desired new_shape.
'Redefine this fixture to change the pool of workers.
'Allows us to override some arguments, e.g.
'Convert a number (positive and not unsigned) to a raw string.
'Returns the object pointed to by ``ref``.'.
'Determines whether a particular resource is enabled.
'executes the given function, catches all exceptions and converts to DCNL a warning
'Returns a list of messages logged in with the authenticated user.'.
'Run an OpenSSL SSL certificate.'.
'URL-encodes the data for saving it to an OpenID \'extension\'
'Return all template directories of the given directory.'.
'Fetches information of a specific IPsecSiteConnection DCNL CLI Example: DC
'For performance reasons, we don\'t want to redraw the figure after DCNL
'Checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host.'.
'Test submission factory to ensure max_similarity is set correctly.'.
'Replaces target with string DCNL >>> replace_insensitive([1, 2, 3])
'gpu_from_host(host_from_gpu) -> gpudot(
'Test that a provided repository is present and can be used.'.
'Delete an collection summary model.'.
'Write a plist to a string.'.
'Get next item in history.'.
'Remove a user from the bot.'.
'Element-wise sigmoid. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input tensor
'Returns the number of elements in the list input_list that are not in DCN
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider.
'Read and interpret a file.'.
'Returns password for a given field'.
'Generic is() implementation.'.
'Element-wise division. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.
'JSON decodes as unicode, and deserializes it from JSON.
' interact with a server in memory DCNL Args: DCNL client_conn
'Get the full spec, without checking that the name and email address are DCNL
'Enablescreenshots for all scenario.'.
'A helper to create a link node.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Concatenate epochs into one epochs.'.
'Return the intersection of all graphs.
'Check for a valid config file, and if it exists, return (config_file
'convert s to int or raise'.
'Execute a command and read the output as YAML'.
'Constructs a Datastore key for a Guestbook entity.
'Build a survey with questions for the series_id. DCNL series_id
'Send an event to users'.
'Render a template with a dictionary of values in the right format.'.
'Gets a value from a dictionary based on it\'s key.
'Checks if a given datetime.datetime is aware.
'Remove a AIO path DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Instantiate an object from a numpy array.
'regression = bench_isotonic_regression(y) DCNL returns the total
'Create a new document.'.
'Runs the peep command line interface.
'Parses a YAML model configuration file DCNL and returns a model instance.'.
'Convenience function to format and return a key=value pair.
'Returns a `status` redirect to the new URL.
'Returns the given HTML with ampersands, quotes and carets encoded'.
'Get the current user'.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess outlines colorless'.
'To get the CPU architecture using the /proc/net/cpuinfo DCNL
'Loads the session from file, if it exists, and returns it.'.
'Load a ctypes library.'.
'Computes the total sum of squared values for each row in y.
'Mock stdout or stderr in Python 2.
'Add orbits if it is large enough.'.
'Connect to serial port and send command to communicate with serial.'.
'Get the number of image members for an image.'.
'Get a service by host name and binary.'.
'None-safe wrapper around url_unescape to handle unmatched optional DCNL
'Parses a query and returns a single CONJUNCTION node.
'Retrieve the version of the cluster'.
'Returns the advertisement mail address as string.'.
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for OPENSTACK configurations'.
'Validate a given schema against an existing config object.
'Get the SR reference from the given VBD reference.'.
'Create list of columns with progress bar.'.
'Load the information on a `network` and train it'.
'Run cmd on target update, only if it is out of date.'.
'Returns the user information for the specified user DCNL :param client: A SOAP
'Try to determine the version from the init file'.
'Generator to ignore lines that are marked with comments. DCNL :param lines_
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Setup the mysensors platform for sensors.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List storage accounts associated with the account
'Configures logging.'.
'TODO: DCNL - we should not overwrite implicit inheritance.'.
'Check the image mode.'.
'Get a component_review from the database via id.'.
'Convert an OS2IP address to a long integer'.
'List all the available state modules on an environment DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Create a new instance method to skip a test result.'.
':param r: Boolean DCNL :rtype: bool'.
'gets a random median test for each group'.
'Return the server_dir, as defined by RFC 2965.'.
'Only return if grafana4 module is available'.
'Remove any warnings from a traceback.
'Parse single table from cli output.
'Drop database tables for all models with the given engine'.
'Assert that generate_import_code() returns the generated import code.'.
'Logs a message if the environment variable \'DEBUG\' is set'.
'expr : LPAREN variable RPAREN'.
'Retrieves the next URL to redirect to for the login page, if any,
'Convert a SciPy sparse matrix to a dictionary of strings for use in DCNL
'Look for a script in the PATH and search for it'.
'Generates public and private keys of nbits bits, and returns them as (p
'Tries to find the tag for the current version.
'Convert unicode to namespace.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Iterate over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Load the manifest file for the specified package.
'A feature encoding the score of the computer against the number of active columns DCNL
'Run the given test module.'.
'Given a filter or a function, return an instance of that filter.
'Convert a datetime into a time object'.
'Sync returners from ``salt://_returners`` to the master DCN
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DC
'Return a QPixmap image object for the specified image name.'.
'Find the version in the file fname DCNL Parameters DCNL fname : str
'Test that validalgo options are reported'.
'Verifies service type and returns a list of services'.
'multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression'.
'Submits a PySpark job.
'Like os.path. pardir, but returns the full path for DCNL
'Ensure that dataset_attrs.txt cannot contain a absolute path outside the archive'.
'Delete all the artifacts found via the datastore.'.
'Creates an entrance exam and assigns it a reference to that exam'.
'Parse a requirements file and link it into requirements and links. DCNL :param
'Generate a new file that has been translated into one of the units DCNL in
'A hypothesis strategy to generate a lease from the supplied dataset and node. DCN
'Checks to see if the user can modify the setting name with HTML'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Output the graph for LaTeX.
'Converts a short name (e.g.
'Return the number of open file descriptors for this process.'.
'Convert a JSON topic to the native object.
'Save the answer list for a series DCNL.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
' cyimport an import expression; return the import module.'.
'Decorator to add an option to the list of known options.'.
'if no country is specified, insert it'.
'Shows the detail of the particular application for a particular client.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "--
'Computes the chi-square distribution for two random variables DCNL Parameters DC
'Check if we should override setuptools version string for a Django project. DCNL Args
'Wrapper around dog_stats_api.histogram that cleans any tags used.'.
'Given an artist and an albumartist, find the part of the artist that DCN
'Check requirement_met and return True if numpy is installed'.
'Generates a source image by using the values in processor_options.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL Replace a
'Saves an object to an HDF5 file.
'Get the local IP address of the network interface.
'Assert that datetime objects are the same.
'Setup the APCUPS sensor.'.
'Generates a cookie key-value pair.
'Extracts the first two characters from the input given by the user and DCNL
'Return a subset of the nodes that are subclass of superclass.'.
' carve a GNU Triangulated Surface file.'.
'Return a shell-escaped version of x.'.
'Perform center scaling on x and y.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'generic error message handler'.
'Test the behavior of --outdated flag in the list command'.
'Return a predicate representing whether *value* is equal to zero.'.
'Create a list of committees. DCNL Parameters DCNL el :
'Given a resource type and name, delete it.
'Invert a mapping of key/value pairs into a single mapping.
'Build a configuration file from a JSON file'.
'Provide a TestSuite to the discovery process.'.
'Get equated geometryOutput.'.
'Given a timestamp, return a datetime object.
'new(name, data=b\'\', **kwargs) - Return a new
'Encode obj as JSON and write it to fn, atomically if possible'.
'Ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin URLs by escaping DCNL
'Sets a list of configuration variables'.
'Run a section of config file.'.
'Look for metrics that cannot be blocked, filter them based on their perm'.
'Migrate add_message_prefix to migrate.'.
'Get comparison in order to sort y intersections in ascending order of y.'.
'Read graph in p2g format from path.
'Return the path to the default repository.
'Get the state of a process.
'Test installing a folder using pip install foldername/ or foldername\'.
'Returns True if \'funcname\' is valid for jsonp'.
'Returns the severity of the check.'.
'Checks if the given tcl file is an activitiesetCL or ateapot
'Format filenames as JSON'.
'Resume connection'.
'Checks if the user is an admin team.'.
'Store the copy to the clipboard as a new file.'.
'Elementwise inverse of square matrix'.
'Get next frame from media player. DCNL.
'Reindex all answers on this question.'.
'Creates a descriptor from a descriptor protocol buffer.
'Remove constant terms from the expression.
'Returns a list of available languages.'.
'Return an instance of the resolver given the resource type. DCNL :param resource
'check if the given employee is Holiday on the given date or today'.
'Get path with points inside the channel removed.'.
'Returns True if entry should be excluded based on filter_type and language.'.
'Return dig configuration for host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return which configurator objects are to be used by the cli app.'.
'Extracts the number of bytes from the given bits stream. DCNL.
'Returns the derivation of the residue with respect to z.'.
'If a list, converts it to a comma-separated string.
'metaWeblog.getusers(api_key, username, password) DCN
'Module function to hash a password. DCNL.
'Check that the registration_code has a validity value.
'Test section_desc.'.
'Compute a sphere constraint. DCNL Parameters DCNL rd : float DCN
'Determine if entry should be skipped for a type.
'Determines whether a dtype can be represented by a representation.
'Delete a devices from a BTRFS filesystem.
'Get analyze plugin fileNames.'.
'Iterate over struct items, using the given test object.'.
'Setup shed tools for a test.'.
'Ensures that the keystone project exists DCNL name DCNL The name
'Compute the summary of a collection.
'Compare a screenshot to the expected input data using statsmodels.'.
'Provide the options for the PIFAC class'.
'Shuffle a list of arrays.
'Load an image from disk. DCNL Parameters DCNL file_name:
'Find an elastic IP address DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt mymin
'Add a code cell to the notebook DCNL Parameters DCNL code : str
'Create a unique version string for an item.
'Create network and run the CLI'.
'Generate a file with ns_func arguments and save it to dest_dir DCN
'Return a dict of parsed link headers proxies.
'Check that the signature is valid DCNL :param message: The message to verify
'Get the name of the init script.'.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'Read CTC data from a FIF file.
'Return information about the OS release.
'Test the rgb_yuv dataset'.
'Compute mat*(p >= 0.5) + (1-mat).*(p < 0.5)
'Connect to a service using an SSH transport.
'Creates a module and sets up all of the parent modules to the DCNL
'Parse an ignore list of patterns spec DCNL :param patterns_spec: DC
'Check if container is running DCNL name DCNL Container name or ID'.
'Eject a multivariate polynomial ``f`` from a ``K[X]
'Generate a pseudo-random ID that uniquely identifies a upid.
'Read `count` double-precision integers using the plain encoding.'.
'Encrypts a message with a given key.
'Read and return a parsed object from a file. DCNL :param file_
'Shuffle the displayed items.'.
'Validate that a string is a valid slug.'.
'Set a custom test function for wtforms2 and up.'.
'Ensure that creating an angle tuple works.'.
'Get redis keys from redis DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Update the user\'s last activity date upon deleting a thread.'.
'Return a numpy sum dtype.'.
'Send message to rpc server'.
'Updates an item\'s name space with a new namespace.
'Return True if the given route dist is valid'.
'Format a slice of a hex string DCNL.
'Calls an API call and returns a generator of the results.
'Returns the HMAC-SHA1 of \'value\', using a key generated from
'Unfreeze the container DCNL path DCNL path to the container parent directory
'Creates a moderator user.'.
'Returns the tag objects for all published tags.'.
'Stop a running server on the specified port.'.
'Create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid.'.
'Returns an imperative version of the given sentence, regardless of whether the DCN
'Should not create the invitation linked to that user'.
'Prints the last update of an object'.
'Convert a sink resource to the native object.
'Fetches a list of all configured IPsec policies for a tenant DCNL CLI
'Attempt to import a optional package or return None.
'Determine the ssh_interface type to use.
'Generate a random sample of RoIs comprising foreground and background DCNL
'Return the encoding of a text, or None if there is no encoding.'.
'Return the line number in the current file.
'Return information about glusterfs volume(s) DCNL name DCNL
'splits the string path to a class into a string path to the module DCNL
'Given a list of integers, returns a list of the major values DCNL that
'Set index in dataframe DCNL Parameters DCNL df: DataFrame DCNL
'Delete a user. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param profile
'Remove an element from the pixel list.'.
'Slice terms in ``f`` in ``x_j`` in ``x
'Render a Bootstrap icon.'.
'Test getfqdn()'.
'Setup the Demo locks.'.
'No operation. DCNL Takes any arguments/keyword arguments and returns a DC
'Evaluates a Python code and returns a list of variables.'.
'Return the platform\'s default dist name'.
'Clear the buffer from the remote channel.
'Raise an error if the given object is a CUDA ndarray'.
'Create an Image object'.
'Queue a list of models.
'Given a path to a cache file, return the source file.'.
'Checks to see if file exists on disk.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a service DCN
'Execute a single highstate test DCNL This function is intended to be used from
'Swap two axes.
'Sets the carrier name for the current request lifecycle.'.
'Fill a gcode linear move text.'.
'Turns a dict to a JSON formatted string.'.
'Build the mail headers.'.
'Set the FakeDriver\'s nodes during the test suite.
'Test whether an expression can be compiled with the given allowed DCNL codes.
'Wrapper for inserting a bytes Feature into a SequenceExample proto, DCNL e.
'Resource Headers'.
'Wrapper around render_xml_to_string which adds a \'context\' to
'Create an SQS queue.
'Decodes the prediction of an ImageNet model.
' runner should run random module'.
'Given a string representing a branch, return a tuple of the branch and file DCN
'Compare two strings using HMAC- digests.
'Start the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get messages from js files in all installed apps'.
'Adds port. DCNL Args: DCNL br: A string -
'Unzip filename to a temporary directory, set to the cwd.
'Convert a XRML keyset header to a standard keyset header'.
' Linear regression. DCNL Parameters DCNL y : DataFrame DCNL x
'Copy all stat info (mode bits, atime, mtime, flags) from src
'Returns the next URL to use for a POST form, or None if DCNL
'<string> --Swapcase <string>.'.
'Parse the server section of the csf.conf DCNL :param server:
'Get list of closed issues for a particular project.
'Update the list of tests in autotest_dir DCNL :param aut
'Test template validation.'.
'<word> -- Returns the antonym of <word>.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Compute LM of a polynomial ``f``.
'Creates the default groups'.
'Returns a nicely formatted yaml representation of the states for the exploration.'.
'Run a git command'.
'Generate a certificate signed by the given common name.
'Returns True if the connection is dropped and should be closed.
'Test cross validation for subset_validation.'.
'Update profile_picture_data_url for a user.
'Return a list of specialized types for the given type.
'Helper function of pdsolve that calls the respective DCNL pde functions to
'Return True if the type is a pointer'.
'Return True or False on whether include_dirs contains a matching source file.'.
'Helper function to run code in run_globals.
'Redirects to the specified location using HTTP 302 status code'.
'Formats a timestamp (e.g.
'Stores a new ticket in the filesystem.
'Generate a slug that can be used for titles.'.
'Returns a list of mirrors for the given hostname (or a list of matches).
' arMA_acovf( ar, ma[, nobs]) -> float DC
'Insert a new link in the queue.'.
'Test cluster level permutations t tests.'.
'Ensure keyring is present on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Encode a string using Base X DCNL >>> base64_encode("Hola m
'Unzip zip the parameters, return the parameters as a dict'.
'DEPRECATED, use tenant-network-show instead.'.
'Return an ordered dict containing all the CSR extensions found in the csr.'.
'Internal, returns the UUID of the label'.
'Run conesearch time function. DCNL Additional parameters (kwargs) may be
'Helper for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.'.
'Returns the last HTTP error code of the current thread, or None if no HTTP DC
'Horizontal prewitt on an edge should be a horizontal line.'.
'Install the wx runner on the app.'.
'Load certificate by name or ID. DCNL :param names: DCNL
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Test setting up source space for volumes with optional label (e.g.
'Gets preferences for the user with the given user_ids.
'Provides the amount of memory (in bytes) that has been consumed by the DC
'Returns secrets manager for the given secret.'.
'Wrapper for ` publish_progress` function'.
'Create an image.'.
'Returns a list of event types for a resource.
'Sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Update export client list'.
':func:`numpy.isinf` for arbitrary types'.
'Function to calculate the discrete Fourier transform DCNL Parameters DCNL n :
'Create a helpful vote.'.
'Get the file name of the file in the directory of the file in directory.'.
'Create the signal signal from a set of windows DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'Update forum role membership.'.
'Get the size of a directory, in bytes'.
'Appends an xml text node to a parent element.'.
'Test mdates.drange().'.
'Converts Unicode to HTML entities (e.g.
'Get a list of models to patch.'.
'Lists all active tmux configs.'.
'Deletes from VRF identified by *prefix* using VRF identified by *route
'Get the interpret plugin.'.
'Updates subject interests in user with given user_id.
'>> is_f focused_on_element DCNL Check to see if the
'generate_k(order, secexp, hash_func, data) -> (
'Tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones.'.
'Unmount a volume. DCNL :param volume: The volume to unmount
'Return a list of process ids running on this machine.'.
'Get loop without intersections.'.
'Generate an image name based on the provided file extension.'.
'ReLU activation function'.
'Opens a dirdbm file. DCNL Args: DCNL file
'Installs Node prerequisites'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Sets a value in a data structure where the first parameter is DCNL a dot
'Return the current application path DCNL Returns: DCNL ( the path of
'Checks to see if the password for a user has expired DCNL :param str
' bootstrapping the path for a package to be bootstrapped DCNL.
'Manage the computer name DCNL.
'Yield items from *seq* in order, skipping duplicates.'.
'Set the agent settings for the specified contact, location and services.
'Return the base64 encoded signature of a Ed25519 signature file.'.
'Makes a synchronous API call.
'Returns a dictionary of single-valued DCNL measures from the given node.
'Merge Sort. DCNL :param collection: collection of integers DCNL :
'Return true if the object is a function-like object.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Coerce \'value\' to a string.'.
'Three outside Doji'.
'Return a list of display names for the specified course.
'Follows the given user.'.
'Retrieve the details for the grid (normal retrieve only yields preview) DCNL :
'Construct algebraic field for algebraic coefficients.'.
'Return (x,t,1) power tuple DCNL 1 <= x^p
'Perform an MileXchange record lookup. DCNL.
'Only load if the postgres module is present'.
'Test that censure can handle a range of keypoints'.
'unicode2local:'.
'strip(s [,chars]) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the
'Delete message page'.
'Returns a list of IP addresses, excluding those that don\'t start with LAN
'Get the backing file of a disk image DCNL :param path: Path to
'Change the gid for a named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'parse __init__.py for version number instead of importing the file DCNL see
'Check if an IP address is available with rt_table.'.
'Send notification about an instance.'.
'Remove the root of the paths'.
'Wrap a single paragraph of text, returning a list of wrapped lines.'.
'Bulk rename a document'.
'Determines if a given array is one of the element in choices.'.
'Gets single registration object by email.'.
'Convert 2D Numpy arrays to 1D arrays.'.
'The associate_failure page DCNL Templates: `404.html` DCN
' poll() DCNL pollprocess(process, suppress_errors=False) DC
'Language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless'.
'Asserts that the snr of actual is within the desired range.
'Parses a single table, returning a Table object.
'Render a list of top-level action instances to a string.'.
'Get the URI prefix for the desktop proxy.'.
'Enable an Apache module.
'Check if convexy polygon A and B are inside of polya and polyb
'Flow a gcode linear move text.'.
'iteration_statement : DO statement WHILE LPAREN expression RPAREN SEMI'.
'Extract a boolean property into a bool value.
'Make sure that the absorption of the world\'s myclass and DCN
'Test that the bokeh main module is properly installed'.
'Return True if the given class is abstract.'.
'Given a course key, return the course key that will be used toalk the course
'Returns True if the given object is a readable file-like object.'.
'Can the given user edit the given group?'.
'Submits a task to generate a CSV containing information about DCNL students who
'Check all link destination links. DCNL Arguments: DCNL container: A
'convert non-central to central moments'.
'Find the current CPU version. DCNL :returns: string'.
'Run `args` on a child process and return its stdout.
'Get flipped paths.'.
'polar projection, but in a rectangular box.'.
'The cone space is calculated as DCNL :math:`math:`
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Tests that all unit summary functions have prefixes attached.'.
'Context manager for temporary uninstalling the cache.
'Return the minimum of [low,high] if the value is in [low,
'Hash a file. DCNL :param fname: file to hash DCNL
'Returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one DCNL renewal
'Gets the external IP address of this machine'.
'Assign a random region to a resource.'.
'Bind socket to bind ip:port in conf DCNL note: Mostly comes
'Ensure we have a crypto library, or throw CryptoUnavailableError.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Max reduction (logical max).
'Return True if we are in a qt console, False otherwise'.
'Return the disabled services.
'Return a list of supported uri schemes.'.
'Get the documentation.'.
'Return a panel with properties from parents.'.
'Get the relevant database.'.
'Update the existing options for a model.
'Return a string representing the time zone (e.g.
'Test power expansion'.
'Load mimetypes. DCNL :param mimetype_locations: DCNL :type
'Test port validation.'.
'Set the time limit for a task'.
'Get the unit price of the offer.'.
'Associate a floating IP address to a server.'.
'Returns a dashboard column. DCNL Syntax:: DCNL {% dashboard_tags
'Deletes a queue DCNL name DCNL Name of the queue to delete
'Checks if a string is a valid fingerprint.
'Insert a tab into the course.
'Computes the logarithm2 of a binary number x.
'Given a string and a column width, return a list of lines.
'match_all(string, trie) -> list of matching words'.
'Start worker(s) in the lbn load balancer DCNL CLI Examples:
'Assert that item1 is before item2'.
'Test omitting a value from code.'.
'Get the rounded toplaces string.'.
'Waits for a snapshot to reach a given status.'.
'Returns given matrix read from str1 and str2 DCNL >>> read_from
'Return an OptionValues object that can be used to test the creation of a DCN
'Drop <ins> and <del> tags if they don\'t exist.'.
'Prints the Python representation of the given expression.
'Order image location list by configured strategy.
'Opens an image and returns it as a PIL file.'.
'Helper function that calls the REST API DCNL sample :param sample: The sample
'Flip the image on a canvas so that it has the same aspect ratio'.
'parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss TTT format
'Get all available regions for the AWS RDS service.
'Get the lines without a duplicate first word.'.
'Register a schema.'.
'Print a summary of the results returned by the API call. DCNL :param
'Similar to str.format, but passes all arguments through conditional_websafe DCN
'Extracts the Tomcat version from the response.'.
'Build a list of tool tests out of the command line.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'getRandomNbitinteger(N:long, randfunc:callable):long DC
'Upload the project via VCS'.
'Allocate a pointer to the given value and store it in the given storage.'.
'Ensures that the data is a scalar, i.e.
'Images resource factory method'.
'Add a host to the specified aggregate.'.
'Return the file name for a Volume that is backing it to its original form.
'Iterate over all the plugin keywords.'.
'Return a list of all power types that are valid on this system. DCNL
'Reload the entire module'.
'Log in and login with given email address and password.
'Permission denied handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`404.html`
'Ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present.
'Function to print error messages. DCNL.
'Hilbert Transform DCNL count : number of trend mode'.
'Convert an input spec into a vgsl_input.imageshape object.'.
'Load the template library module with the given name.
'Get a location for the current application.'.
'Return get_models() method. DCNL Returns: DCNL get_
'Require a test with the given requirements.
'Return the vocabulary that corresponds to the given id. DCNL :param id:
'Return a list of inactive virtual machine on the minion DCNL CLI Example:
'Get the package name from the data.'.
'Parse a list of comma separated tokens DCNL :param tokens: DCNL
'Retain a reference to a media list created with L{libvlc_media_list
'Removes pyc files in the path DCNL Assumes path has a pyc file
'Helper function to return the URL for a template module.'.
'Include CSS files for a given theme'.
'd: dict DCNL d: dict DCNL Returns True ifalign_
'On delete of the file object from the database, delete the file from DCNL
'Return 32 for 32bit ints.'.
'Checks if there is an upgrade available for the given package.
'Convert a URL into normalized form, with all and only URL-normalized DCNL
'initialize all parameters needed for the encoder'.
'Return the matrix representation of the commutation matrix ``p`` and ``q`
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Remove all zeros from the given value in hexadecimal.'.
'.. code-block: gherkin DCNL Then the given scenario(s
'Generate a JSON section with managed nodes.
'Convert seconds to a human-readable time string.'.
'Fetch streams. DCNL :param plugin: The plugin name. DCNL
'Tests float_range doesn\'t raise an exception when float is outside range.'.
'Get the arounds from the loop.'.
'Raises a helpful PlotlyRequestError for failed requests.
' project the vector v onto the vector w DCNL i.e.
'complete with list of rules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the summary of an exploration.
'Unvouch a user.'.
'Common setup function for pybasedir, cachedir, etc.'.
'Look up the given key in the given session\'s identity map, DCNL
'Log a message with severity \'WARNING\' on the root logger.'.
'Require a test projectbar test.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths.'.
'Returns a manager associated with a running server process DCNL The managers methods such as
'Returns True if the objects are compatible with the given objects DCNL (PRIVATE).
'Find if a role exists in the MS SQL server.
'Setup the Command line switches.'.
'Delete one or more Model instances asynchronously.
'Execute a mysqf job'.
'Set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir, my_ip and host.'.
'Calculate the duration for a set of samples.'.
'Returns the dtype name of an object.
'Parse a size specification from a string.
'Given a target name and a list of qualified targets, DCNL return the list
'Return normalized HTML with all data normalized.
'Return the app id from the remote URL, fetching it if needed. DCNL
'Create a Dataset from sequence of bytes DCNL :param headers: Sequence of headers
'Deletes a zone.'.
'Gets the scatter property for an object.
'Unregister a MimetypeHandler class.
'Logs out the user and displays \'You are logged out\' message.'.
'Helper function for compute_up'.
'Determine whether the file is empty or not.
'Enters desired instances to wake up from sleep DCNL.
'Returns a list of IPv6 addresses assigned to the host.
'Return the path to the stylesheet, given the settings object,, or the given relative
'Convenience function for getting information about a service call.
'Check the environment and ensure that it has been set up correctly.'.
'MPTT results list'.
'strings.rfill() with empty strings'.
'Assert that all instances of list_ are of class class_ DCNL :param
'.. versionchanged:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Registers a storage pool DC
'Reload csf if running DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Strip prefix from object_transient_sysmeta_prefix'.
'Rename a file/folder using os.rename()'.
'Broadcast the arrays. DCNL Args: DCNL args (Variables): Variables
'Start a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Test setting up volume source space'.
'return full path to ipset command'.
'Renders the response as KML (using the correct MIME type).'.
'Add pillars output to negatives and positives.'.
'Require a SmartOS package to be installed.
'Raise exception with jinja2.'.
'Check that rows and columns sum to the same constant.'.
'Returns the machine type, e.g.
'Replaces instances like \' oneline\', \' oneline\', \
'Feature.from_file sets scenario line and filename'.
'Convert seconds since epoch to HTTP datetime string.'.
'Polynomial division with remainder over a field.
'Add the contents of a file to a hash DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from seq.
'Returns the set of components of ``f`` modulo ``x``.'.
'Returns true if registration was approved more than 48 hours prior.'.
'Raises a ValueError if p1 and p2 are not close enough.
'Given a rule name, delete it.
'Create a software switch. DCNL.
'Test getting completion for default parameters.'.
'Recursively copy a directory. DCNL Arguments: DCNL src: Source directory
'Escape &, <, >, ", \', etc.
'Build single page of metagenomeSeq DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Return the lowercased version of a bytestring according to the sqlite3 standard.
'This just prints out the state of the user.
'Execute a statement with one statement and arguments in a single session, DCNL returning
'Verify the given OAuth request.
'Load all model components'.
'This is a helper function that will be called in the context of a DCNL
'Ensure that a role is absent.
'Check if a string is a channel. DCNL :param string: the string
'Upload template and reload if necessary'.
'UPLINK BUSY Section 9.3.16'.
'legacy HTML escape sequences.'.
'Creates a query to filter Items based on FilterForm arguments'.
'Deprecated: please use nav_link instead'.
'Commits a file.'.
'A `col` attribute must be an `integer` type.'.
'Run spider on sample data and extract related items'.
'splitQuery(\'/path?query\') --> \'/path\',
'Ensure that named package includes a subpath of path_item (if needed)'.
'Support multiple context managers in a single with-statement. DCNL Code like this
'Convert mcycles to seconds.'.
'Get the description of the yaml file.'.
'Test installing from a file index hash link.'.
'Retrieves the network adapter type. DCNL :param adapter_type:
'Run all tests.'.
'Returns the user\'s profile class, if it exists, None otherwise.'.
'Set the location list to be used by vim.
'Replace `0.6` with `.6` where possible.'.
'Return the HMAC-SHA256 digest of the given `msg`.'.
'Get a namespace object'.
'Collate an expression into a single column.
'Do a `re.search` against a string and return the resulting string.'.
'Return whether the plugin is enabled based on rabbitmqctl list_enabled_plugins.
'Convert a timedelta into the number of seconds since the epoch.'.
'>>> import StringIO DCNL >>> read_decimalnl_short(StringIO.
'Recursively remove all files or files matching any of the patterns in the DCNL dir
'Build a regular expression to match indexname\'s pattern.'.
'Convert data to a chunk. DCNL.
'Partitions a list of nodes DCNL Parameters DCNL nodes : list DCN
'Return a copy of `base_node` containing all placeholders placeholders that are DCN
'Test the plugin only shows the page links'.
'Extract the P element from the tree, including its children and text.'.
'Checks if the user is logged in with aresh access token.
'Check if the provided address is valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Given a list of kinds, return a tuple of (kind, size total, pretty
'Map the given object\'s given list of attributes to the corresponding DCNL dictionary
'Move a path (src_path) to an other path (dest_path)
'Load the default PIL font.'.
'Parses a format method string.
'Get the certificate signing key DCNL ca_name DCNL name of the
'Return the command-line arguments to use for the crawl process DCNL that the
'Annotate a string that contains unicode characters.'.
'Get solid geometry output by connection.'.
'Get value of a hash field.
'Converts \'s\' to a local path so that it can be passed back
'Print \'DEBUG\' information to stderr.'.
'Test that running `as_import` works as a pre-existing package.'.
'Compute np.max(np.abs(A)) possible with empty A.'.
'Setup the NVR platform.'.
':type bot: cloudbot.bot.CloudBot DCNL :rtype
'Helper function to convert a list of files to a single filename'.
'Process the bitmap data in the appropriate format and return a dict.'.
'Make sure the return value of parallel.for returns a list of objects, DCN
'Recursively convert any XMLElements to paths.'.
'Determine if the given object is a binary operator.
'Returns a copy of ob cast to target DCNL The object ob is the object
'Computes histograms of nbins over the image DCNL Parameters DCN
'check a password and return the value DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new tripledes. DCNL.
'Return the network on which the bridge is attached, if found. DCNL :
'Draw the spectral graph G DCNL Parameters DCNL G : NetworkX Graph
'Perform pairwise alignment with unaligned seqs.'.
'Create a toy dataset with 2 train and test sets.'.
'Prompt the user for a choice from a list of options.
'Default error handler for DBInstance.'.
'Get vlm_media instance position by name or instance id. DCNL.
'Pretty print the dictionary \'params\' DCNL Parameters DCNL params :
'Only run decorated test in lms mode.'.
'Parse the autopart line'.
'Get the re verification times for given statuses. DCNL :param statuses: List
'Add the site instance to the template context.'.
'Returns the path of the virtual environment, excluding DCNL egg-links if needed
'Add the ratelimit configuration to the app if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Convert a theano constant into a theano constant.'.
'<pass> <string> -- Converts <string> to <string> with a
'Verify collection is aborted once maxfail errors are encountered ignoring DCNL further modules which
' prefaces a gcode linear move text.'.
'Test distance with negative numbers.'.
'Change the retention policy of a database.
'Appends `string_` to the response.'.
'return a property tuple from a dict DCNL Examples DCNL >>> dict_
'Gets the content of a bucket and deletes it.
'Converts the given type to the string representation. DCNL :param atype
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Get the IP of the specified master.
'Return a tuple containing the tool_shed, name, changeset_revision,
'Iterate over fields. DCNL Parameters DCNL fields : dict DCN
'Removeounts the device.'.
'sending message to hipchat v2 server'.
' skew. DCNL https://github.com/astropy/astropy/
'Adds the xml tag for the current node to the output.'.
'>>> printT() DCNL enter DCNL value DCNL exit
'Remove quotes from text.'.
'Generate the sources.json file. DCNL :param package: Name of the
'Return a prettified OrderLine from an Order line.'.
'Get all groups belonging to a project.'.
'Returns True if the string is a canonical int, DCNL otherwise returns False'.
'Return a list of all defined hosts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a hy bridge name for a bridge.'.
'Default implementation of _match_sort_key().
'The default value transform function.'.
'Opens a freq request using the CORS protocol and provides access-control-allow-
'>>> try: raise valueerror() DCNL >>> test_reraise()
'Return a data structure of the saved rules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Creates the PostGIS database'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns the number of commits since the most recent tag.
'Converts v, a string of the form \'major.minor.patchlevel
'parse group feed'.
'Initialize an L{numba} viewer. DCNL Parameters DCNL dataset
'concat multiple models by attribute'.
'Display the main event loop and run the event loop until a break.'.
'Colorize text. DCNL Parameters DCNL text : str DCNL
'Get the package name from a file path DCNL :param filepath: The path
'Similar to str.format_html, but passes all arguments through conditional_escape.
'Add foreign keys to models that are not already synced.
'Get package information.'.
'Compare two namespaces.'.
'Train a model.'.
':type data: dict DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Test whether a path exists. Returns False for broken symbolic links'.
'Calculate additional variables for use in the gyp generator.'.
'Find all matching snippet files in the current working path.'.
'Accepts a list of dicts, the cluster number, the cluster number, the DC
'Return a list of sid objects from a collection of test samples.'.
'Return the annotation value for a given node or default.'.
'Get configuration data about an elasticsearch snapshot DCNL :param client: elasticsearch client object
'Generate a unique session ID that can be used as an argument to session() DCN
'Write a table to a XML file DCNL Input: DCNL string_
'Raise the given exception with the given args and config.'.
'Helper function to generate a fake dispatch.'.
'A replacement for `internalerror` that presents a nice page with debug DCN
'Check if `path` should be ignored for tests.'.
'Load a glyph from a font.
'Get date boundaries for day and month.'.
'Return a list of notification drivers'.
'Aux function.'.
'Return ceil(n / 2**b) without performing any floating-point or division
'Generates a transformation matrix that rotates a axis by angle degrees.
'Check if there is an upgrade available for a package DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Returns the commit message to display for a suggestion.
'Sends an email.'.
'Decorate this function so it will allow access to public attributes of the document DCN
'Validate that the fields in a datastore resource are valid.'.
'Return a 4x3 matrix that rotates p and q using rotations p and
'Tests that get_param_vector and set_param_vector work correctly.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen DCNL The ``expr_form``
'Returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering.'.
'Nice, typical simple table with col name excluded'.
'Return a string in the form: \'s(x|y)\' format
'Returns a list of matching agents'.
'Generates an iterator of executable file paths.'.
'Create or update a set of image_properties for a given image DCNL :
'Returns a dict like { "account": [gl entries],..
'Returns all translatable elements found in the `report` query DCNL If the
'Quotes a string using urllib.parse.quote.
'Initialize the module as appropriate for OS 2.
'Tries to make a human readable date out of a string.'.
'Get the repository to migrate migration files.'.
'Recursively process a list of rules DCNL :param rules: DCNL :
':rtype: list[str], dict[str, str]'.
'Convert the textual form of a network address to binary form. DCNL.
'Return the number of lines and width of the terminal.
'Converts a tuple batch to a scipy.sparse tensor.'.
'Cache local file on the local node DCNL path DCNL The path to
'Return the URL to remove_tag for question 1, an untagged question.'.
'Add our functions to the PyOpenGL namespace.'.
'Returns remote URL if it exists'.
'Determine if a pixel collision is satisfied by a hitmask of the two images.
'Returns error message extracted from page. DCNL >>> extractErrorMessage(\'http
'Set a HTTP proxy for flask applications.
'Check if name is ignored in the configuration.'.
'Get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id. DCNL.
'Initialize logging to a specified file. DCNL.
'Is the marathon api responding?'.
'Returns a list of all proxy bypasses DCNL network_service DCNL
'Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8-bit date format'.
'Generate an entry id using the MD5 hash of the entry.'.
'Gets metric by name from qiime.beta_metrics'.
'Test config.google_home_listen_port method.'.
'In Python 2 this is a no-op.
'Generate a random salt.'.
'Yield a Response which will format a size response.'.
'This method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level AES cipher.
'Add xml from vertexes.'.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from the given iterable.'.
'Return the current environment variable or None. DCNL :param segment_info:
'Return the value of the access_key in the request DCNL environment.
'Return the current job in the job stack, or None if the job stack is None
'Recursively remove the directory from the given path if it is empty.
'Return whether the user is logged in or not.'.
'Returns a list of scope strings.
'unsorts a string using curl\'sunsort algorithm DCNL Note this
'Remove leading blank lines from lines.
'Checks the version of admin module to use, and raises an error if it DCN
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :func:`name` instead.
'Generate a random password DCNL >>> _random_password_chars(length)
'Export a gcode linear move text.'.
':param filename_or_file: DCNL :type filename_or_file
'Converts a plaintext string into an HTML string.
'input from the GPIO as a value in ACKNOWLEDGE_REQUEST'.
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e
'Handler for qute:Settings page.'.
'Concatenate arrays horizontally (column wise).
'Initialize readline-completion lib.'.
'Resizes promo images. DCNL :param src: Source image DCN
'actions which are required but not commands'.
'Submit the draft for review DCNL registration_choice is a JSON string that contains
'Send an email to decisions whether or not the current user is allowed to access the
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL
'Copies fields of QueryOptions to params protobuf.'.
'Computes the angle between a rotation matrix and a given axis.
'Represent a user name'.
'Split a quoted string into unquoted and unquoted parts.
'Send a packet at layer 3 in loop and print the answer each time DCNL
'Update the keys in dict_from but only if key exists in dict_to'.
'Create a user.'.
'Loads images from json file and returns a dictionary of loaded images, DCNL
'Generates a tab list at a given depth.'.
'Create a recurring job. DCNL :param job_id: The job id
'Return True if x is at the origin, False otherwise.'.
'Create or update volume type extra specs.
'Return a list of all test files in the test dir.'.
'Add time or amount to given time unit and return a new time.
'Initialize the logging handler.
'contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Get root device name from properties.'.
'copy sosfilt - Corresponds to non-copyable input'.
'Returns a JSON-formatted vocabulary of tag objects.'.
'Test channel-picking functionality.'.
'yaml: ownership DCNL Publish ownership report DCNL Requires the :
'Get the leftmost complex point in the points.'.
'Initialize database.'.
'Return all associated volume types for specified qos specs.
'Convert a Timestamp protobuf to a datetime object.
'Cache id for a service.
'Creates a tarball for installation, then installs all support files DCNL into the
'Set the logger class.
'Index of lowest value over a specified period'.
'Returns the fermat of a positive integer `n` DCNL Examples DC
'Get the BeautifulSoup document for the given url, using the given backend.
'Recursive helper for :func:`dmp_diff_eval`.'.
'Notification on new language change.'.
'Compute kernel between two vectors DCNL Parameters DCNL d1 : float DC
'Create a link to a volume/backup. DCNL :param volume_path
'Create a html page listing all framework instances.'.
'Return a zone matching the name or None if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Cull inappropriate matches. If a match is found, append it to
'Open a resource from the zoneinfo subdir for reading.
'Run Xlsxtool on a file.'.
'Creates a pairtree marker for the folder only if it doesn\'t exist'.
' primer implementation of heappush DCNL Returns a primer version of the
'paste.deploy app factory for creating WSGI containers.'.
'Redirect stdout/stderr to a dummy file for silence.'.
'Test that the max norm filter works as expected'.
'The character delimiter should be \'\', \' or \' delimiter\'.
'Send a request to the tool shed to retrieve the readme files for an existing repository.
'Loads and parses cron configuration from the croninfo file.
'Returns gated content for the given user in the given course.
':param vault: The vault uri.
'Check if the user has permission for the group DCNL :param group_id
'Test simple model on random data.'.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Parses the name of a RabRefaction file. DCNL :param
'Print information for a VM.
'Parse ranges in a Content-Disposition header.
'Helper function to get my file and module name from the module'.
'Given an addon and an upload, create a version for it, and sign it.
'Return a list of available PSGet modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Compute the composites rate according to the metadata'.
'Adds a new language to the plugin\'s translations.
'Return the type of a test result.'.
'Validate a URL against one of the protocol strings in protos. DCNL :
'Require several SmartOS packages to be uninstalled.
'Given a Dshape in bytes, return a numba type.'.
'Displays user\'s BokehJS interface.'.
'Convert a UUID1 timestamp to a datetime object.
'Creates DHCP options. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code
'Scan one logical line of Python and look up values of variables used.'.
'Like :func:`numpy.ndarray` but returns a contiguous array.
'Get the interior overhang support angle in radians.'.
'A coroutine for performing the initial MusicBrainz lookup for an DCNL album
'Marks the selected language as being allowed to be delete.'.
'Validate a parameter by name, returning a converted value DCNL If a parameter is
'initialise module'.
'Returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in dict_a and dictionary_b.
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified rank.
'Return a generator of tuples (model name, model) for all models.'.
'Return type of image'.
'Return a list of the instances that are on the provider'.
'Check if a device exists in the given namespace.
'Test marker rendering'.
'>> getpassword <prompt> DCNL Get the password from the terminal and store
'Helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to \',\'.
'Return a list of test cases from a module.
'Get all PCI devices for instance.'.
'a bench for r6 benchmark'.
'Generate a unique job id.'.
'On Windows, some files are read-only (e.g.
'Return the QApplication instance.'.
'Applies given objects to the device memory.
'Show the version of locate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Connect to a MySQL database. DCNL :param connstr: connection string DC
'Get the documentation for a command.
'Returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending.
'Determine if a file is a tty.
'Converts an RGB file object to an rgba matrix.
'Returns True if transaction_id appears multiple times in ipn_obj.'.
'Returns the checks currently configured with DCNL :param consul_url: The
'Builds spec for add_new_ide_controller() DCNL :param
'Converts an image into a network input. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Save profiling information (if available)'.
'Convert a Unicode object to a Unicode string.
'Helper: get a datetime.date object given a format string and a year, DC
'Returns the longest id in ids'.
'>>> import sys DCNL >>> g = yield_in_except_throw
'Add sparse endpoints from a segment.'.
'Convert a Numba type to a simplified tree.'.
'Convert a microversion string to a version tuple.'.
'Change ownership of file or directory DCNL :param path: File or directory
'Determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before DCNL running.
'Return a list of possible problems with a help message.
'Return a consumer object for the given request.'.
'Change the commit offset in a version string DCNL >>> chomp_commit_
'Validates a hostname. DCNL :rtype: bool'.
'Get the current movie time (in ms). DCNL.
'Extract the simple version string from version_string DCNL This takes the non-
'Format the argument as an IP4 address with zeros.'.
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple web
'Open the connection to the given host and port.
'>>> float_conjugate() DCNL 1.5'.
'Executes a crossover on the given two DCNL :term:`sequence
'A square bisquare. The \'t\' argument is the result of a
'splitport(\'host:port\') --> \'host\', \'
'This will generate the given template node in the given environment.
'Return data from the "End of Central Directory" record.
'Check for commas in input.
'Helper to compute mne loc.'.
'Return a tuple (contrib name, absolute path) for all locale directories, DCN
'Get a Linux network adapter name.'.
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Minify JavaScript strings'.
'Remove a Security Group from a server.'.
'Custom tooltip helper for nodeitem DCNL :param Node node: DCNL
'400 error handler. DCNL Templates: :template:`400.html`
'Validate an XML file against a schema.
'A scenario description takes a scenario, filename and line number, and keeps the relative path
'See statsmodels.RegressionResults'.
'Sends users notification emails.
'Prints out debugging information for the changes in the object.'.
'log(message,level, t=None, obj=None) DCNL
'Status add'.
'Convert an asset_id, by encoding it as a string and then encoding it DC
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Send consumer email.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List certificates associated with the service.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Takes a list of dicts, returns that list sorted in reverse order by the property
'Normalize a floating point to the nearest even number.'.
'<url> [custom] - shortens a url with [custom] as an optional
'Removecompiled application (compiled)'.
'Return long description.'.
'Index_transactions page: displays all transactions'.
'Set the backup mode on the ssh server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns logger used by multiprocessing'.
'Get the full url for a given view name.
'Compute primitive ``f`` in the x0 order.
'Replace the standard :mod:`thread` module to make it thread-local.
'See if the OS supportsavx (macOS)'.
' yank the nth argument in the buffer.'.
'Convert all special characters ``\\`` in a string to HTML-safe sequences.
'Returns the language-code if the path matches one of the language-codes supported by
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Clean up images in the temp folder'.
'Returns the language-code that\'s listed in the list of supported languages, DC
'testlist : testlist COMMA test DCNL | test'.
'Partly part a channel.'.
'Make some test cases describing allocated memory.'.
'Run a system script'.
'Gets a query from the Tumbolia website.'.
'Write all messages.'.
'Delete all identities with given user_id, if one is not found.'.
'Change the chmod of a file or a folder DCNL :param target: the
'Make a file readable.'.
'Validates a commit message.'.
'Return True if given Distribution is installed in user site.'.
'Waits for a Volume to be of type new_volume_type DCN
'A decorator that defines __unicode__ and __str__ methods under Python 2.
'Transpose matrix so that last dimension is the same as last dimension'.
'Converts a color(s) to an RGB(A) color(B)
'Formats a date as the time until that date (i.e.
'Some distros have a specific location for config files'.
'Serialize Python data to JSON.
'Return a list of the instance uuids on a given host.'.
'Delete a document if it exists.
'Return a list of all the apps that are on the filesystem.
'Get an object from a packet using Rfxtrx.
'Parses a list of sentences using the given grammar.
'Get the PyOS input hook previously set with ctypes. DCNL Returns: DC
'Convert a Jenkins job returned from a Jenkins API into a tuple of DCNL (
'Generate a unique filename for an image.'.
'Returns True if given stream is valid CSV.'.
'add_gradients_summary. DCNL Add histogram summary for all gradients. DC
'Parse the credentials.'.
'Log a message with severity \' notice\' on the root logger.'.
'Validates and returns an int (or a string).'.
'Appends `string_` to web.ctx.output.'.
'returns a dictionary of language info dicts for the given site ID'.
'Return a JS object representation of the given value.'.
'This function takes a string and returns a list.
'Read a pcap or pcapng file and return a packet list DCNL
'remove items in `y` that are not in `x` array, DCN
'Emit the information from the configured locales'.
'Create a new block user'.
'Test the fit sample routine passing a decisions tree'.
'List private interfaces for a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper function to save editor and editor content.'.
'Return a group type by id.
'Converts an uidb36 string to a uidb36 base64 string'.
'Send an email with daily ratings for yesterdays.'.
'Enable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
' protoc plugin'.
'Test that grouping a table returns a new table with a copy of the original table'.
'Breadth first search of graph G DCNL Args: DCNL g:
'Return (name, host) pair for the default nodename.'.
'Post data to kubernetes based on URL'.
'Find a static file with the given path using all enabled finders.
'Tries to find an element with given class name with an explicit timeout.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Password reset done page'.
'Find the readline library.'.
'StreamName(function) -> list DCNL Yields: DCNL
'Check that voting classifier can be used with grid search.'.
'Assert \'first\' == \'second\'.
'Create a QPainterPath stroke from the `path` drawn with `pen`.'.
'Concatenate tensors along an axis.
'Set console font options.'.
'Get the latest faults for the provided instance_uuids.'.
'Return a breadcrumbs list based on the query and the path.
'Check that URLs don\'t contain a bug.'.
'Run command with arguments.
'Get the template context of the Zendesk custom field classes.'.
'Rebuild the code by comparing it with the bytecode magic.'.
'Extracts the const_index for the exog array and returns a pair DCNL
'Get file descriptor from the config or use an existing one.'.
'Takes a hosts list, and a list of roles, and merges them into the
'When given a single existing key, require() throws no exceptions'.
'Get number rounded to three decimal places.'.
'Click an element DCNL :param browser: DCNL :class:`
'Get a function which will be called on xunit *name* of *obj*.
'Read a configuration file and return it as a dictionary'.
'Prepare for the asides to store.
'Resume an instance DCNL instance_id DCNL ID of the instance to
'Truncates HTML after a certain number of words DCNL Argument: Number of words
'List all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks that the expr has been rewritten using f(-x) -> f(x)
'Checks if a gcs URI is a gcs URI and converts it to a full
'Display a tooltip for the given Django database field.'.
'Return dtype.'.
'A signal receiver which updates compatible versions for the addon DCNL type specified in the
'Retrieve GECOS field info and return it in dictionary form'.
'Returns a list of paths from indexes files.
'N326 - Don\'t use assertEqual(None, x) instead.'.
'Return a list of files in root_dir DCNL :param root_dir
'Retrieve a driver by name.
'Return a human-readable function name.'.
'A context manager that removes the cache object from DCNL the context.'.
'Return the newest DHCP lease for a virtual machine.'.
'Set the attribute dictionary by the arguments.'.
'Return indices for n minibatches.
'Test that tabs in sys.modules are ignored.'.
'Load object by path relative to the module. DCNL Parameters DCNL path
'Expand the dimensions in the array along the given axis.'.
'Returns True if a_tensors, b_tensors are element-wise.
'Convert a list of issues into a dict keyed by issue id.'.
'Return the system\'s filesystem encoding as a string.
' beta-signed log form.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the MAC address of a wireless interface DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Element-wise multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.
'Generate old data file with given number_items items.'.
'Convert the xml element to a group xml element.'.
'Generate a bar chart from a list of dicts.
'Reshape array to a 2D array'.
'Pre-run code hook DCNL :rtype: pre_run_code
'Test that setting learn_scale on a BatchNormalizedMLP works.'.
'Embed a single album album image.
'Execute a command in the default shell.'.
'Set random seeds. DCNL Args: DCNL x: The input array
'Tests retrieving a single object using the API.'.
'Replace all illegal unicode characters in an XML string DCNL atom_element: A
'Return the state of the underlying storage mode DCNL >>> s_imode(\
'sum x for each group DCNL group : string DCNL array DCN
'Convert the xml element to an union xml element.'.
'Handle the logging of existing loggers.
'Get hardware info from all clients.
'linear_func(t, y, a) -> function applied to vectors DCN
'Replace out with a tensor variable from host_from_gpu if DCNL visited
'EXAMPLE: DCNL when I run "behave..." DCNL
'Map requests to a list of requests.
'Create a new flavor from the values dictionary.'.
'Parses command-line arguments. DCNL :returns: A list of (
'array[t_str] = lcp_array[t_str] DC
'Returns the current time zone offset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make a polar plot.
'Parse XML documents from the response.
'Set up logging based on command line args.'.
'Test if arg is a tuple.
'Wrapper for :py:func:`boto.emr.EMRConnection
'Return the path of a resource installed inside a virtualenv DCNL.
'Returns the object to use forsentinel: object (sentinel_object)'.
'Remove a contributor from a document.'.
'Add slash to the existing path.'.
'Return a list of packages whose names start with a string. DCNL :param
'Accepts a dson string or a file object and renders it to a Python DC
'Project manage page'.
'Get and write an svg page.'.
'The main function runs the toolshed repository database from the command line.
' transmit(message) DCNL transmit(message, remote_yard. uid
'Stop and start scheduler DCNL :param sabnzbd: A sab
'Detects text in input files, and extract descriptions that can be DCNL detected
'Check if a Python package is available.
'A view that sets the language in the session, or updates the DCNL session
'Setup Demo cameras.'.
'Return true if value is a valid slug.'.
'Test whether a download fails atomically.'.
'Adds additional parameters to the curve_value to ensure it fits into DCNL
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'Test the behavior of --user flag in the list command'.
'Test Brain and Rocbrock'.
'Test no targets.'.
'Return the current working directory.'.
'Add simplified path to fill.'.
'Create a new VRR list, and send it to the switch manager.
'Builder for rebulk object. DCNL Return Created Rebulk object DCNL
'Inside a normal block'.
'When and only if the task is complete, all the fields are finalized.'.
'Get the list of categories in the database and ordered by database category.'.
'Converts an IP address to its binary representation'.
'Returns True if address belongs to link-local multicast address DCNL space (ff
'Searches the ports in the provided host name DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Return the path of the Makefile.'.
'expression : expression PLUS expression DCNL | expression MINUS expression DCNL
'Wait for net I/O counters to be available then return them. DCNL
'Get the root directory of a path'.
'Return true is job is enabled successfully.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Helper function to wrap special html characters so that special HTML characters DCNL are cached
'Authenticate against crypto server for login.'.
'Sum the parts of a batch of data on the gpu.'.
'Merge two dictionaries into one.'.
'Converts a timedelta to a number of days.'.
'Serialize object to string.'.
'Create a template type with a templated plugin factory.
'Plots first babies and others.'.
'Return the parent directory of the given path name.'.
'Return tenant by name'.
'Dumps a file content into log.info.
'Compute the constant gradient for each variable in the expression.
'Return the partition index of the value according to the division and value DCNL of
'<string> -- decode <string> with base64 encoded <string>.'.
'test the behavior of --editable --outdated --format=columns --format=columns
'Generate a set of ( addon_name, category).'.
'Create keys for use by the user on the local machine.'.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Run the project as a background process.'.
'Read in the pillar data from the vault service'.
'Do not allow users to use passwords to login via ssh.'.
'Load bucket data. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt myminion
'This function is used to create a test image.
'Test that it is safe to use multiple models at once.'.
'List all mongodb users DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the Git object.'.
'Raft a gcode linear move text.'.
'Execute a module\'s watch command, and return the result as a dict.
'Pretty-print a frame relation type name.'.
'Create a new pipeline to process a file for downloading. DCNL :param in
'Mill a gcode linear move file.'.
'Helper function to get a server object from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example:
'Queries the database to get all annotation messages for a user.
'Returns the names of all arguments a function takes'.
'Print an error message to stderr.
'Indent text. DCNL :param buffer: The buffer object DCNL :
'500 error handler. DCNL Templates: `500.html` DCNL
'Get all the circle intersection loops.'.
'Start a block of specified kind.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was DCNL
'Return a full path for an absolute link, eliminating any DCNL symbolic links
'Return a color name for the given color value.
'Addreferencetofileandpath conflictes'.
'Get the current runlevel'.
'Private function used to generate feature indices forbagging.'.
'Set environment variable `key` to `value`'.
'Returns an error response.
'Returns True if l contains exactly n elements, False otherwise.'.
'Bandpass Butterworth filter.
'Return a kernel from the value passed.
'Test creating wedge text source table.'.
'Return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion DCNL CLI Example
'Creates a Python script that creates a directory called init.py in the DCN
'Only work on POSIX-like systems'.
'Test that extras_after-wheel should only install extra packages when they are DCN
'Computes the perceptron output function.
'Computes the probability density function as a function of the first kind DCNL
'Check the version number of Review Board.'.
'Create a fake release document DCNL Return a dict, with includes: DCN
'Perform float operations on the document'.
'Return the House graph (square with triangle on top).'.
'Run the test only on the central server, even if the central server is DCN
'Decode a string encoded with the standard Base64 alphabet.
'Return a valid filename.
'Combine :func:`group_ranges` and :func:`ranges`
'Pretty print the object\'s representation.'.
'Reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using
'Initialize the zone interval table.'.
'Return a sanitized version of the URL.
'Process a BioXML graph.'.
'Get the names and default values of a method or method\'s docstring.'.
'Vectorized version of stats.dirichlet.logpdf.'.
'Return a data: URL for DataURL'.
'Create a new collection summary object for the given collection, and DCNL update the
'Creates a new param.
'Determine if the current event is safe to ignore.
'Test rendering MRI without BEM.'.
'Install the wheel'.
'Renders the storage account table details.'.
'Reset the locale to the default locale.'.
'Return True if unichar can be printed.'.
'Returns the machine key for this machine.'.
'Tests to ensure it\'s easy to custom the accept type with a space in the
'Determines if a given SELinux segment matches the given sections.
'tests that statsd fails'.
'Returns a list of chunks of size `size` from the given sequence.'.
'Logs thread traces.'.
'Combines a list of games into one big player sequence.
'Given the path to a class name, return the class object.'.
'Cast the given value to the given type, and set the given attribute DCNL
'Tries to find the username and password for a given host.
'Converts URLs into clickable links, truncating URLs to the given character DCNL
'Ensure that distances can be created from arrays.'.
'Function to return the list of questions for the given DCNL series_id that
'If index is negative, wrap it in a negative index if necessary.'.
'Display a toolbar on top of the page'.
'Return True if the test ends with any of the endings'.
'Return the private key'.
'An argument type (for use with the ``type=`` argument to DCN
'Enable a service. DCNL fabtools.systemd.enable(\'http
'Determines the path to the management module for the given app_name, DCN
'Check if user_tags are set for all doctags'.
'The max length of a feature considering when the feature\'s name is longer than the
'Takes a list of roles with a permission and returns them in the form DCN
'Get the fans for an object. DCNL :param obj: object to
'Return a set of all unresolved symbols in the hex code'.
'Return the locale for the specified category, or the all-locale DCNL locale
'Test if input is an integer input'.
'Quotes a URL if it isn\'t already quoted.'.
'Render the wempy template file, passing the functions and types into the DCN
'Get a list of GeoJSON tile responses.
'Get favorite info for given user and content object.
'This is a memoized method to fill in the template with a file extension.
'Setup the sauce browser.'.
'Return True if the pathname is a directory, False otherwise.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return the raw value of the min
'Retrieves the rights for this collection from the datastore.'.
'Look for a resource in the lineage of its parent module.'.
'Get geometry output from paths.'.
'Computes the inverse of permutations.
' moving average of losses.
'Clone the given element, eliminating any namespace and attributes.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Connect a server and a client to it.'.
'Prints and returns the journal in text format DCNL :param journal: The
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'This is a utility function for executing bot code in a session.
'Set column\'s indicator to indicator'.
'Remove app from bench'.
'Returns task status in JSON format.'.
'Replaces any % characters that have a slashes in the value DCNL \'
'Add interactive mode. DCNL Parameters DCNL b : bytearray DCNL
'Split filter value to list if necessary.
'Test sparse activation model.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Normalizeaws facts DCNL Args: DCNL metadata (aws facts) DC
'Join the segment tables.'.
'If fill_include_names is not None, fill_exclude_names should be
'Write bytes from buffer *buf* to file descriptor *fd*.
'Test plot_psd on epochs.'.
'Return a group\'s revisions. DCNL :param id: the name or
'convert non-central to central moments, uses recursive formula DCNL input:
'Get season NZB information from a show XML document DCNL :param name
'Given a list of strings, convert each item in the list to its native paths DC
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session'.
'Serializes data to a string using pickle protocol. DCNL :param data:
'Takes a function and a list of arguments and returns a dictionary DCNL with
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Calls `topooptimizer
'Retrieves block device mapping from AMI'.
'Merge one app config (from a dict, file, or filename) into another.
'Removes joinables for the given files'.
'Set decoded audio callbacks.
'Given descendant_addresses, return a PathGlobs object for matching them in the DC
'Return the server type to use for a given document'.
'Generate a fingerprint of channel samples.
'Test whether an object is an instance of int.'.
'Extracts the linear operator if it is an array/matrix.
'Returns a new datetime object representing the current epoch.'.
'Ensure that `PIL` package is not installed by `PIL` package.'.
'Suspend a connection.'.
'Check if PIL is installed.'.
'Get the application URL to use for reviewing the app.'.
'Return True if in_str is empty, False otherwise.
'Report filter page'.
'Iterate over connections until they are ready to accept.'.
'Writes mapping file with corrected run description and input data. DCNL header: list
'Return the contents of a text file as a byte string.'.
'Remove sensitive data (data) from a StackStorm config file.
'Show version of a device'.
'Returns a client authenticated with the given credentials'.
'Parse a UTC timestamp and return a datetime.datetime.
'Processes a list of urls and returns a list of (url, hostname) if any
'Return a symbolic row variable (ndim object).
'Create forwarding rule for VPN.'.
'Get a media element. DCNL :param context: dictionary with context variables:
'Test float range functions.'.
'expr : expr_number expr'.
'Return the state of a step in the jobflow.
'Returns the URL for a given slug.'.
'Return hardware_events information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Redirect to asset/create'.
'Runs a command on a given directory, returning the output of the DCNL command
'Convert NZB to string'.
'Disassociate fixed ip from host after time DCNL :param context: The security
'call fbater DCNL need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes DC
'Get a value from a database, setting it if needed.'.
'Generate a signature for a key\'s public key DCNL.
'Return thefg andbg color for a given display name.
'Checks to see if the response has a given header name in its Vary header.
'Gets the path to the template file.
'Function to sample data'.
'Set ssl certificate key for site'.
'Context manager that temporary sets a locale for the test.
'>>> py__iter__(\'types\', \'types\') DC
'Test that icon is the same for all forms, except for DCNL a single
'Computes the k-means error.
'Find all socket files in the search path.'.
'Load yaml config file. DCNL Parameters DCNL fname : str DCN
'Return the string corresponding to the IP version'.
'Require the ``bzr`` command-line tool.
'Return a string where each string is a pair of UTF-8 bytestrings DCN
'Flush the entire database in Redis DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the string passed is a valid render pipe.
'Splits the given sentence into a list of sentences, e.g., DCNL
'Resource Header for vulnerability tables'.
'Return the directory containing installed Python header files.
'Revert polynomials in ``K[X]``.
'Returns the total loss for all the Tower layers.'.
'Lists all subdirectories and files in a path.
'A view that connects to the other end-point using the SSA DCNL
'divs for formstyle'.
'Similar to smart_unicode, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Ensure that pr_fetch is enabled and modified (if needed)'.
'Convert an Instance to a string representation.
'Check if bokeh is installed. DCNL Args: DCNL env_name
'Compute SVD of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'gridmake(a, b, c) for two or more arrays DCNL
'Add two logs approx to the input log. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Decoder doing Double URL Encode. DCNL >>> double_urlencode("Hola
'Parse comments in a string. DCNL Return a list of tuples ( "comment
'Provided for backwards compatibility.
'If the name is different from the installed package, return DCNL a canonical resource
'Create a document in a given index DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt
'Returns a slug on a name which is unique within a model\'s table'.
'Re-create the `Document` model with the permissions granted to it.'.
'Returns the name of the final target extension for a configuration file.
'Creates a context dict that can be used as the context for a user, DC
'Test that patch_images returns an error when the directory specified is invalid.'.
'Return True if path is a ZIP, False otherwise'.
'Make sure correct version of pip is used.'.
'Returns True if allcapdifferential word in a list of words DCNL
'Load all modules in the given package DCNL :param package: The module path
'Determine if a user may certify for a particular course.
'Activate the environment, by taking the path of the environment into account.
'Update an user DCNL :param id_: ID of the user DCN
'Merge nested dictionaries in upd into dest.
'Creates a protobuf request for a CreateInstance request.
'Format a module directive.'.
'Return the filename of the current build.
'Takes args and kwargs, returns a list with DCNL each element\'s
'Private function used to parallelize pairwise functions.'.
'Same as a >>= b.'.
'Make sure that the figure preserves font size settings'.
'Returns C{True} if this string has a newline in it.'.
'Test printing monitor_cv.yaml.'.
'Perform the editing of the Studioprompt, and wait for the action to be DCN
'Returns given bytes as prettified string.'.
'Format currency according to settings.'.
'Test classification report with long string label'.
'Remove build.'.
'Assert that two TPIs are not the same.
'Constructs a doc2author dictionary using a list of author ids as keys and a
'DELETE a single resource class.
'Run a PSEA command and return the exit code DCNL.
'Insert a host name in the source list.'.
':param theta: DCNL :param hidden_size: The size of the hidden
'Ensure that a pagerduty schedule does not exist.
'Install the latest version of `cmd` from scratch directory.'.
'**DEPRECATED**: use assert instead.'.
'Test the evaluation report'.
'Issue: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/33
'Polynomial irreducible polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Get timeout from gross_time and split_range'.
'Fixup for ampersands, ampersands, and dashes'.
'a = [a, b, c] for e, a, a, b
'Returns a string containing a status of the current sim state.'.
'Return Unicode string representation of thing.'.
'Returns a dictionary containing the initial values of all form fields.
'Handle submitting a mission.'.
'Escapes a CPP define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered.'.
'A simple helper function to create the types of elements used in the index.'.
'Process show version data from net_device.'.
'If the number of channels has been changed, update the `params` dictionary with DC
'Wait for a job to finish.
'Create a user and save it in database'.
'Creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers.'.
'e.expand() DCNL e.expand() DCNL e.expand
'Get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd.'.
'Apply the facty by and the block vectorv to the points of the block vector
'Make a HTTP request with authentication credentials.'.
'Lookup a hosting service by name.
'Replace the XenServer address present in \'url\' with \'host_
'Filters given options and outputs valid settings forethtool.'.
'Returns a dictionary of environment proxies.
'A context manager that changes the working directory to CWD.'.
'Returns the logging level for the specified runlevel, e.g.
'Set up the NetAtmo sensor.'.
'Parses all loci data files.'.
'Require the nginx web server to be installed and running.
'Use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents.'.
'Returns the kind of the key.
'a: a theano matrix DCNL Returns b, a theano matrix, a,
'Check for trailing blank lines.
'Initialize the database'.
'Test to ensure that the template parameter passed to the function works as expected'.
'Perform linear interpolation of `x` and `g` with respect to `p`
'Method to wrap mongoengine.ValidationError into a webob_exc.
'Returns a list of videos for the given course.'.
'statement : NAME EQUALS expression'.
'Hex encodes characters for use in JavaScript strings.'.
'Checks all the tasks and logs any exceptions that aren\'t running.
'Given the mf output generated by parse_mf, return: DCNL (py
'Returns a single selection.'.
'Return a matrix reference, such that p - q are positive-definite, DC
'Setup the stubs.'.
'Get the variables in the given scope. DCNL Args: DCNL scope
'Use 4 spaces per indentation level.
'A wrapper around etree. tostring that allows us to specify an XML encoding DCNL
'Removes filenames for a field of a course and its children.'.
'syntax checking: Fail on feature names'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Get all MFA devices for a user.
'Lists documents with matching tag'.
'Encoder using SHA512 DCNL >>> sha512_encode("Hola mundo
'Update the top10 contributors.'.
'Same as a, b.'.
'Given a list of filenames, return those filenames which should be excluded.'.
'skew symmetric cross product DCNL See https://github.com/astropy
'Write the conditional formatting rules into the worksheet.'.
'Change the default workphone of the user DCNL.
'Accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary DCNL of head node
'Create a context manager that runs in a signal handler.'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Return a symbolic column variable (if any)'.
'Return true if the key is encrypted'.
'convert a value < 1000 to Neuromag.'.
'Sends an HTML form to the external view app folder.'.
'Validates configurations for lms and marketing site models.'.
'Unregister a hosting service by name.
'Decorator to mark a function as not logged in.'.
'Simplest possible application object'.
'Returns the syllabus section corresponding to the given course.
'return all attributes of *o* which match string in match.
'Get width for string.'.
'Destroy a droplet. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'It should download a VCS link (in the scratch path)'.
'Extracts raw URLs from sina xml. DCNL :param xml_data
'Creates an environment and installs it.
'The main function. Instantiates the module and calls process_request. DCNL
'Linear Regression'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'With colored output, a successful outline scenario should print beautifully.'.
'Build a graph from a connection object DCNL :param cursor: A connection object
'Builds the operations needed to create a new AdGroup.
'Test the check on a QDataStream with the given status.'.
'Test whether two numpy arrays are equal.
'Looks up recursively for a drum_group device in the track.'.
'Return the basename of dev DCNL dev may be a real dev directory'.
'Prepare the subjects_dir environment.'.
'Reduce the precision of a node.'.
'Render the purchase form to HTML.
'Generate the command line to run.'.
'Account edit'.
'Returns the id of a object, if it exists.
'Return a list of all registered extractors.'.
'Given an object, return a renderer for it.'.
'Return a file descriptor from a file object.
'Compute theell factorization of a matrix with an upper bound.
'Create a default app -> QAction'.
'Namespace handler for engine names.
'Bring dataset into memory if it\'s small relative to memory'.
'Prints the message to the error log.'.
'Parse a log line into a key-value pair. DCNL :param line
'Deprecated decorator, please use :func:`load_all` instead.
'Returns the time since a given timestamp.'.
'Parses HTML. DCNL :param string: The string to parse DCN
'Only load if boto is available.'.
':type args: SanityConfig DCNL :type _: SanityConfig'.
'Set the creation order for an instance.
'Prepares the data to be used for filtering.
'Send a WOL packet to the host DCNL :param mac: The mac
'Helper factor function for a generic expression.'.
'KEGG_conv(target_db, source_db) -> target_db
'Return a redis server object'.
'Get all available regions for the VPC service.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL returns a symbolic expression for
'Get list of files in merged_store DCNL :param merged_store:
'Get the resource limit as reported by the logging context.
'Change the environment variable references DCNL \'e.g.
'Determines if data sharing consent is required at DCNL a given location'.
'This function initializes the multiprocessing environment.
'lettuce should serve admin static files for non-Admin users setting DCNL
'Sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak.
'Same as identity(arg)'.
'Recursive helper for _revalidate_node_edges.'.
'Return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal numbers. DCNL >>> get
'Check if the property value is valid.
'Create a new ``tuple`` with the arguments of ``pysig`` wrapped
'Decorator to mark a function or method as not to be doctested.
'Get a writer by extension.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid unary operator'.
'Test pretty printing of sets'.
'A test suite wrapping unittest.TestCase-derived classes.'.
'Bootstrap an Ubuntu container'.
'Return True if the given path is a file or a directory.'.
'Renders the help page for the given app on the given path.
'Fixture providing a temp_basedir_env dict which can be used to create DCN
' evaluate filters against doc DCNL :param doc: doc to evaluate DCNL
'Search for `vitem` using its title as query parameters.'.
'Reserve a vlanid'.
'Send notification about new translation changed.'.
'Retrieve field list for a given table'.
'Only load the module if GPG is installed on this minion.'.
'Test the precision-recall_fscore function'.
'The error function as described by: DCNL http://stackoverflow.com/questions
'Remove generated random numbers.'.
'Return all connections to network connections of a given kind.
'Creates a URL to schedule the API given by the parameters: DCNL year
'Generates an md5 hash of one or more arguments passed to the function DCN
'Match a keyword expression with a colitem\'s function.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test plotting of sparse source estimates.'.
'Adds an event listener to the list of listeners.'.
'Reloads the systemctl cache DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'consensus for a series of trees, assuming that all terminals DCNL are
'Variant of the GaussWave problem.'.
' extrude gcode files.'.
'Given the data chunk from a DCC query, return a descriptive string.'.
'Roberts\' filter on a diagonal edge should be a diagonal line.'.
'Shuffle dataframe by column disk DCNL Parameters DCNL df: DataFrame DCN
'A view that redirects all requests to the Azure login page'.
'Test that we can load unicode strings in a Python file.'.
'If the request has a \'next\' URL, redirect to that URL, or
'Ensures that the Lu1 and Lu2 are properly compared, according
'This function prints an email notification.'.
'This view returns a version of the MySQL schema.
'Rejects the suggestion of the given exploration from the thread.'.
'Returns True if two blocks are equivalent'.
'Run correlation tests. DCNL Parameters DCNL data_generator : list of
'lon neck'.
'Given an argument, return a set of unpassable types.'.
'Indent gen bank output. DCNL Indents \'indent\' of gen bank
'Return a list of job ids that match the specified filter'.
'Build a fake Wsgire request object DCNL :param uri: A `
'Check if the given check exists in the checks list DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Formats mapdict to pass it to tk.call.
'Check if user can owner of project for given permission.'.
'Test warnings related to table replace change in #5556: DCNL Replace a
'Returns a dimension name as a string from the ` hierarchy`.
'Apply the palette to an image.
'Fetches the CollectionSummary model associated with the given collection_id.
'clustering(data, distance= pearsonr, linkage=None) DC
'It errors out if the given options list does not exist in the order specified'.
'This is a doctest DCNL This function is really difficult to explain.
'Tests that hug\'s boolean type successfully handles boolean fields'.
'Replaces extra characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Factorize a list of iterables into individual items.'.
'Convert a URL into a repos API URL. DCNL :param url: DC
'Download all files to data_dir DCNL Args: DCNL progress:
'Get the width of a tile polygon.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Recursively remove an entire directory tree.
'Return a human-readable time diff list.
'Returns the number of line breaks, tabs, and newlines in a string.
'Return class from path. DCNL Args: DCNL cls_path:
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'>>> read_stringnl_noescape_pair(\'foo\') DC
'Migrates objects labels to their children.'.
'Set the logger class.
'Update the version number of the file pointed to by file_obj.file_path
'Rewrite the file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Generate wrapper shell script for _test.'.
'Get a scipy.signal.sosfilt module if it is available.'.
'Encode the object input and return a tuple (output DCNL object, length consumed
'Load a movie from a file'.
'Adds the given locale to the list of patterns, even if DCNL `
'Convert an enum member to an index.
'Create an array from an array with the same information as the array itself.'.
'Check the current health state of the promo server'.
'Calculate the size of the array of given ndim.
'Main method.'.
'Check if a new version is available for release.
'Return *True* if all elements of *seq* compare equal. If *seq
'Returns whether a tag name is allowed for the given ns.'.
'shell the command and return its output'.
'Returns the last change time for the specified account policy.
'Expected no_thousand_separator __doc__'.
'Returns True/False boolean depending on if Azure is installed'.
'Print general information about all plugins.'.
'Create a memory mapped region from a list of ndarrays.'.
'Returns the runner modules'.
'Parses a mime-type into its component parts.
'Deletes cached file lists for a given backend'.
'Applyreceived command.'.
'check to make sure switch_orientation works properly'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'RELEASE Section 9.3.18.2'.
'Check to see if a policy exists.
'Detects (possible) absolute system paths inside the provided page content'.
'Test reading of config files.'.
'Uploads the file to Google Cloud Storage.'.
'Set owner permissions on resource.'.
'Set the active log format for the SMTP virtual server.
'Ensure that access to shared folders for a user is granted access to.
'Check if label can be discoveryable.
'Shuts down the data source thread and waits for it to finish.
'Make a web call to IFTTT.'.
'Return an int representing the number of cpus on this hypervisor DCNL CLI Example:
'Add a notification driver at runtime.'.
'Return a relative version of a path'.
'Creates unique databases and mirrored aliases.'.
' CSV of facility management for the given facility and group.'.
'initialise module'.
'Start the fake service in the world environment.'.
'Use the aio-wrapped framework.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME DCNL Parameters DCNL string :
'Formats the records, as a tab-delimited text.'.
'Extract events from a Keen event collection.
'Apply the ceil function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Update the remote package(s) DCNL cyg_arch DCNL
'Test that a column conversion error is raised when the input column DCNL is not
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Add slash to a string if it doesn\'t already end with a slash.'.
'Get the size of the current file.
'Create a SSLContext object with default settings.'.
'Deletes one or more files from the blobstore.
'initialise module'.
'Validate that the provided value is a valid user name. DCNL :param key
'base_type : field_type DCNL | VOID'.
'Helper function to set a safe attribute on an instance.
'Return the image object to use.
'fab -H username.
'Yield successive n-sized chunks from list l.
'Returns a dictionary of URLS that can be used to access the GeoServer DCN
'Return ipset version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Formats a datetime object using the YYYYMMDD locale.'.
'Validate email. DCNL Arguments: DCNL email (unicode): The email
'API handler function. DCNL :rtype: list[str]'.
'Check if the given VLAN exists DCNL Return either True or False'.
'Get a copy of the environment dict with changed prompt, virtual path and DCNL
'Stoptouchapp is a utility function that is called by the event loop when DC
'Replace all instances of regex with a replacement.
'Check that replay() is called with a valid template_name that is DCNL
'Test creating a mock RTClient.'.
'Represent a `project_status` tag as a horizontal span.'.
'Check bucket name is DNS-compatible.'.
'Returns an iterator that returns colors cycle.'.
'Finalize the weights of the sgd network DCNL Parameters DCNL training
'Download a file from an URL.
'Wrap <word> in HTML tags and put the output in <body>'.
'Parse a file extension. DCNL.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Wrap an insured function inside the given connection pool.'.
'Get vector3 by float list.'.
'test if the points are within the kdtree DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return single line of git command.
'Formats a number as a float'.
'Count the number of elements mapping to elements in mapping. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Run a command on all of the nodes.
'Get the all the lines of text of a text.'.
'Determine if the point is intersecting the path.'.
'Return the number of items in the search database that match the DCNL query.
'Returns dataset from CSV stream.'.
'Read GPI 1.1 format files (PRIVATE).
'Return a generator of the possible names for model fields.'.
' greedy partition function. DCNL Parameters DCNL counts : dict DCNL
'list-available - list name of available spiders'.
'Search for labels and return a dict with a \'labels\' key.
'yaml: run-param DCNL This will run the command represented by the target
'Return the valid vcpu_pin set.'.
'This is the page where the snippet can be edited.'.
' claim_for_cleanup is needed when a worker has been claimed.'.
'Convert a version string to a list of packages. DCNL :param version:
'Find the hardware device associated with an instance.'.
'Return the set of installed apps.'.
'Returns series minus any null values.'.
'Displays whether or not the computer will be updated when the schedule is DCNL
'Show the interfaces associated with a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return information on the DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check to see if path is a valid directory.
'Plot legend.'.
'Set the integeretting object according to the string.'.
'Load a Git repository.'.
'Prints app alias, if available.'.
'Create a new failure from a failuredict.
'Create a checksum object from an IP address. DCNL :param ipvx:
'Make a char array of the specified size.'.
'Generate a go test application.'.
'simplifies a variable coefficient'.
'Return a host string for an leasefile.'.
'Reset the repository at git_path.'.
'Computes contrastive loss.
'Retrieves the username and key for the Saucelabs service.'.
'Initialize the minion with the data from the minion DCNL.
'Get thehref attribute of the response that contains "self-href" DCNL
'Check that all expressions in the file match the expected matchers.
'Do regex replacement for URLs that have been replaced.
'Convert a value to a variable, in a given context.
'Converts dict-like objects into organization object'.
'Set whether the remote login is on or off.
'Check if the given user has the given password.
'Returns a list of least used LUN IDs in the given mappings.
'Run yui-compressor. DCNL If no executable is given, run
'Searches WoeID for query and returns first match or None'.
'A context manager that creates a custom model that looks like a DCNL secret model
'expression : expression_number PLUS expression DCNL | expression_number DCN
'copies the specified template directory to the copy_to location'.
'Children of `graph` view must be ``field`` or ``button``
'If the future is not completed, log its exception.'.
'Given a class, return a set of all keyword arguments it has in its base DC
'START DTMF Section 9.3.23a'.
'Simple class for calculating fitnesses.'.
'Returns the Review Board registry instance.'.
' copula_bv_ev(u, v, transform) -> np.
'Preload one or more modules into completion.'.
'Translate a simple formula to a human-readable form.'.
'Redefine this fixture to enable logging.
'Given a course_key, returns True if we are in the \'small\'
'Return the details of a group. DCNL :param id: the id of
'Initialize Cuckoo modules. DCNL Args: DCNL machinery
'Dumps the schema'.
'Removes files import from `version` and add them to the database.'.
'Returns the public key form a PEM encoded public key.
'Convert a list of strings to a numpy array DCNL >>> list2numpy(
'Set a key in config'.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Gets a list of subplotspec instances from a list of axes or a tuple of
'Attachepics representation to each object of the queryset.
'Run the zfs sync command, and then wait for an error.'.
'Encode an integer using prefix_bits. DCNL Args: DCNL integer
'Returns a boolean according to the value.'.
'Get the name of a principal, or None if the principal is not a DCN
'Runs the testsuite as command line application.'.
'Unparse the endpoint parameters into a description.'.
'Import the SEDE data from a tcedit config file'.
'Set attributes on an SQS queue.
'Get the date of the node'.
'Get the Trials directory path.'.
'Delete an existing virtual.
'Create html for a field with a label'.
'Shuffle the array, and return an array that is sorted in ascending order.
'>>> g = test_del_in_generator() DCNL >>> del
'Clear the cache completely.'.
'Set the state of the environment according to the state given by name.'.
'Split null strings into list of utf-8 encoded strings DCNL :param data:
'Execute a shell command in a subshell, return stdout.
'Return a file tree. DCNL :param base: Base directory DCNL
'Return the positive integer argument, which is non-negative DCNL :param argument
'Read a number of bytes from the input stream.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no steps'.
'Returns all metrics'.
'Mangle loop variable inside mako loop block.'.
'build a expected frequency matrix from the exp_freq table'.
'Return a reference to the given document as a TOC toctree.
'Return the current project data dir, creating it if it doesn\'t exist'.
'Returns true if setup wizard wizard needs to be loaded on shop pages.'.
'Raise an error. DCNL This function is deprecated as of the 1.7.0 release
'Find the hadamard product of a set of matrices.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'given a course_id and comment_id, update the comment DCNL and
'Generate response headers'.
'Transform ip string to an rsync-compatible form DCNL Example:: DCN
'Get list of Node objects from serialized XML.'.
'Start the container.'.
'Look the instance up and return it if it exists.'.
'Get the path to the tcl package root DCNL Returns: DCNL
'Set up the limitless LED lights.'.
'Returns a list of (value, parsers) tuples, where value is the first element
'Return free disk usage (in bytes) for folder DCNL :param folder:
'Return True if we should exclude a bracket, False otherwise.'.
'Pull all messages from iOS.
'Create a new row in the grid.
'Convert an Element to a BSON document.'.
'Test that the fast writer writes comment strings as expected.'.
'Translate an image error to a images Error, if possible.
'A decorator that abstracts all base classes.'.
'Create or verify a core directory.
'Get the precision.'.
'Remove empty lines from text'.
'Delete the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sets the preferred time zone for the current channel.
'Decodes the image to a vector of features.'.
'Return default config value for provided key DCNL Args: DCNL key:
'Get thenamespaces of the given name on the given apiserver.
'Write a gcode file for a gcode file.'.
'Check that this reference for the given app_id and key.
'Create a link element with a list of links to the corresponding element. DCNL
'Given a valid config, update the specified policy for a user.
'Some ipyfunc2 tests with different versions of Python DCNL see http://
'Raft a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get the module name from the given filename.'.
'Return a dict of docstrings of a Python object.'.
'Test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command'.
'Determine if a loop is intersecting inside the x segment.'.
'Fake distutils.util.get_platform().'.
'Detach specified device from zpool DCNL zpool : string DCNL z
'Sets the nickmask for the current channel.'.
'Adds the platform-specific directory name to the sys.path.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a container associated with the storage
'Test for reproducible PDF output: figure with different hatches'.
'List permissions of the specified virtual host.
'Returns a random slice of the database'.
'Convenience function for creating a new channel.
'Signal an error condition -- in a GUI, popup a error dialog'.
'Check if a command is found in an environment.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Execute the plugins command.'.
'Setup the gps sensor.'.
'Remove download of audio DCNL :param filename: download of download DCNL
'Sanitise a json error into something more serializable.'.
'Translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return DCNL a
'Gets the members within a team as a list of strings.
'Install a module. DCNL :param conf_module_name: the name
'ContactField delete'.
'Remove the version from a URL.
'Unpacks a piece of code if it\'s possible.'.
'Test that passing the DCNL image_dpi_cor_100dpi
'Calculates the linear recurrence coefficient for the given number DCNL of vertices
'Test CSP pipeline.'.
'A helper function to check whether a and b are close within DCNL given tolerance
'Returns newline delimited items contained within file'.
'Update thesupported locales for the application.'.
'Get the options for thecap alert addresses table DCNL.
' quit the window, destroy the root window'.
'Interpolate cache slug.'.
'Test get_repr(). DCNL Args: DCNL constructor: The object
'Get the filesystem name of the path, encoded in base64 format DCNL >>>
'Index_receivables page: displays all receivables'.
'Imports should usually be on separate lines.'.
'Create, populate and return the VersioneerConfig() object.'.
'Pause container(s) in the docker-compose file, service_names is a
'Runs on a list of files and returns a list of filtered items.'.
'Determine the image type from the disk format.'.
'Retrieves a relationship between two objects. DCNL Syntax: DCNL
'Returns a link to `obj` in the STATIC_URL setting.'.
'Generates the output filename.
'Inserts a new record for the given model.
'Module homepage for non-Admin users when no CMS content found'.
'Loops over the load average for a period of time.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` repeat {STATE}`
'Given a_path and a reference path, return the absolute path of that path.
'Helper function to calculate the distance between a pair of triangles (p,q) and
'Removes everything under the \'location\' directory DCNL Returns: DCN
'Update translation catalogs in project'.
'Extract sign, intpart, fraction, and expo from a string.'.
'Updates brew database. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Compute the precess matrix ofcapitaine (e.g.
'Evaluate a polynomial at * breaks* with coefficients *xnew* at *xnew
'Test double close pipeline'.
'Gets the name of the stored primary server for a given collection.
'Do the PUT.'.
'Provides the grader for a existing course. DCNL :param conf:
'Installs ``yum`` on the system.'.
'Log a message with severity \'ERROR\' on the root logger, DCNL
'Callback function to be called when marathon_host and marathon_port
'set the icon, path, to the icns file if it exists, otherwise return
'Set the redirect_webengine_data environment variable.'.
'>> split <what> DCNL Sets the <str> attribute to the string
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Fetches all datastore entities.
'Returns a list of test hooks from a given list of test modules.'.
'Lookup an SSH configuration for the given hostname.
'Return a tuple of length `count` snippets for the given snippet file.'.
'Return True if we are running in a string-like numpy array.'.
'Gets the query string from the request query parameters and returns a DCNL dictionary
'Setup backups for bench'.
'Creates an admin user, sets the username and sets the email as DCNL
'Step.from_string has __repr__'.
'Iterates over a mapping returning multiple items.
'Test whether this should work with Ccx_oracle.'.
'Setup backup and call callback only once.'.
'Get all tables from the database.
'Set the movie title. DCNL.
'Signal to ensure that when a profile is deleted it is no longer needed.'.
'Checks an overflow value.
'\'a1l3i123\',3,1 --> 8,[123] DC
'Parse out key information for an OpenSSH session.'.
'Create a file digest for a known-existing file.
'Return a string representation of the dictionary\'s attributes DCNL :param d:
'Display the profile of a learner.
'Returns number of replies to all questions that have been escalated.'.
'Check google for a uri on the channel.'.
'for testing'.
'Return True if the current thread is rushed.'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'lae: is x 2d?'.
'Get all non-deleted volume types by group.'.
'The fitness calculator for the given genome.
'Open the cover.'.
'Reset the API key to a random string and redirect to the profile'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'This view is for editing an image in the gallery'.
'P-values are array-like arrays, pvals can be either DCNL
'Looks to see if GPG is present on the system'.
'Update the metadata of a fort.'.
'Bottom and convert an svg text.'.
'Downloads the data from a dailymotion web page and merge it into a directory
'Returns True if the given unicode string containssurrogates.'.
'Helper function to format the stdout of a Core dump.
'API: accepts name, output, pp, script, cat, priority, nzb
'Tries to figure out the OS version used and returns DCNL a tuple (
'Test _sph_to_cart().'.
'Validate mime-type and return a tuple of the main and sub mime type.
'Return a dict of environment proxies.'.
'Check if all messages are available and send them to Twiliorest DCNL
'Check if user has access to this course. DCNL Arguments: DCNL
'Fixture providing a fake piptestenvironment.'.
'Disable server on haproxy socket.
'Install an interface on Mac OS X.'.
'Displays a list of all apps that have changed migrations.'.
'Creates a new feed item with proper fields'.
'Return an attribute value from the operating system release file DCNL :param attribute:
'Deletes the specified dir if it exists.'.
'Returns True if color isforeground light, False otherwise.'.
'Return a dict of yubico users'.
'Set or unset keys on the keypair.'.
'Get the index of the eeg channel.'.
'Return evoked data.'.
'Update package data if the addon is multi-package.'.
'Deserialize usage key string. DCNL usage_key_string: DCNL
'Return a dictionary of all registered plugins with their queries.'.
'Group delete view'.
'Set a key/value pair in a section of a Git repository DCNL CLI
'Sets the script prefix for the current thread.'.
'A helper to create a Version object for testing.'.
'Return an unordered list of configuration options. DCNL :param id: the id
'Generate a project list file.
'Update or add resource data from a dictionary.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table.'.
'Return the nodes in the graph which are identity interfaces.'.
'Wrapper around init_state_collection that initializes a collection state dict using the DCN
'Verify that the given package is not installed.
'Make Linux system sleep, returns after wakeup'.
'Returns the unique block number for the specified xblock_type set as a URL.'.
'Computes the log of the factorial of x.
'Guess the scheme of a URL, returning a URI if the scheme is unknown.'.
'Returns True if \'distinct()\' should be used to query the given lookup path
'Reap the children (and the children of the current process).
'Given a list of package names, return (tuple of package name, installed version)
' leave the group, and notify the user of the left group.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Make a second axes overlay *ax* (or the current axes if *ax*
'Wrapper function that initializes stdscr and calls another function, DCNL restoring normal
'Simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests.'.
'Returns the last non-None element in the list, or None if all are None
'make sample data'.
'Unlock the account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'given a course_id and thread_id, vote for this thread DCNL
'Import a doclist. If there is a document with the given doctype, insert it
'Check if the packet is OKay.'.
'Open the application file. DCNL Args: DCNL appfile: the
'Hash a plaintext password. DCNL.
'Populates request attributes with project information.
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to get the access token.
'Returns the output of vtk objects obj.'.
'Cache tree children from queryset DCNL :param queryset: queryset of children'.
'Get logo option as integer. DCNL.
'List currently scheduled task requests.'.
'Test permutations t_test function.'.
'Activate an account. Confirmation on GET, action on POST. DCNL Templates
'Wrapper around _parse_rule. DCNL Parses and returns a list of
'Return the distribution object for the Linux distribution.
'Jokes should probably use bleach.linkify, but with some sort of
'Computes the R-squared error.
'Find a configuration file using the given hint.
'Helper for Django\'s ``reverse`` in templates.
'Delete virtual interface from the database.'.
'Populate params with only the keys specified as tags.'.
'Takes a certificate in ASCII PEM format and returns the DCNL DER-encoded
'Set the locale for the given category.
'Add a new type library to the module.
'Callback which will be called when a task fails'.
'Formats args and kw according to the given element factory etype.'.
'Converts the wx RGB data to byte stream.
'Create a DerSequence object, already initialized with all objects DCNL passed as parameters
'Callback for pong'.
'Generate a random secret DCNL :param num_bytes: The number of bytes
'Return (min, max) for the positive integer ` constant`.
'Clean up database content.'.
'Returns a list of CSS dependencies belonging to `group` in settings.PIPELINE
'Return a new dict with keys that differ with existing values.'.
'Tests that the is_flat function works.'.
'Average Directional Movement Index'.
'Clean orphan object permissions.
'Simple args to unicode conversion and concatenation.'.
'Reboot a domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test if we can be deployed in docker'.
'Computes P from the fundamental matrix F. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Apply the function with a return error.'.
'rjust(s, width) -> string DCNL Return a string with left
'Generate the metrics specified by the user in the options dict.'.
'Validates node json to be used for json and errors DCNL :param Node
'Verifies that the command output of the last command contains the DCNL expected text
'Remove the tests.'.
'>>> add_lang_dict(\'Hello, world!\') DCN
'Return distribution from \'setup(**args)\', without executing commands'.
'Check the status of an item and push it'.
'Language: FR -> Language class is English by default'.
'Test is_tree() with random tree'.
'Given a configuration in kodi format, and a list of protocols, DCN
'Make a hook that creates a new instance of it with the given DCNL when
'Cleave a GNU Triangulated Surface file.'.
'Returns a lazy \'messages\' context variable.'.
'Switches the current desktop to another user by removing the lock from the DCNL
'Start a threaded server'.
'Add a tenant to the flavor access list.'.
'Return an enumerator for the names of all time zones.'.
'Embed an album\'s contents.
'Create a skewed threshold graph with a given number DCNL of vertices (n
'Converts a date string or datetime object into a numeric string.'.
'List currently installed services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Issue a warning. DCNL Args: DCNL description: The description of
'Shift path fragments from PATH_INFO to SCRIPT_NAME and vice versa.
'Attempts to locate all packages.
'Generate the query to generate the grant(s)'.
'Calculate the variances given embedding dimensions for embedding DCNL Parameters DCNL indic
'Retrieves the next device name from the \'device_name_list\'
'Test a mininet cluster with remote hosts'.
'Helper method to get the file format and data format DCNL :param fmt:
'Deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user.
'validate and return a named object for option of type \'named\''.
'Argument is a Geometry, return type is an integer.'.
'Takes a string and does the following: DCNL - dedents the string
'Find the top of the autotest directory.'.
'Convert a legacy format string to a TestFlags object.
'Return a path to the Feed directory for the given lib.'.
'Return a string that can be used to make jname pkgng aware of its
'Return a memcache key for a collection.
'Print nice output and exit.'.
'Save the list of predictions to a file DCNL Input: DCNL predictions
'Formats a timestamp as a UTC date string.'.
'A number type.'.
'Get first record fromcnf file if it exists, else None.'.
'Returns the module for the given app label, if it exists.'.
'Return the Windows directory that is running in.
'Generate a new course key.
'Given a url_templates list and platform values, return True if the url_templates
'Show the details from EC2 concerning an instance.
'Tests that operators can be used as parameters'.
'A simple view function to return the user\'s preferred view type.'.
'Check if a collection exists.
'Test ica fit and plot scores.'.
'Quote an etag. DCNL :param etag: the etag to quote. DC
'Split the fitnesses according to the median of the fitnesses and DCNL sets
'Check that colnames in a column of a CSV fails on failure.'.
'Return the bounding box header as a string.'.
'Return the number of function calls given an root-finding optimizer, DCNL
'Load specified fault manager module DCNL path : string DCNL path to the
'Tests that syncing two contacts with the same provider works as expected'.
'Get SAML provider. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Writes a list of backref names to an example file.'.
'Check multiple issues (closed and sorted) after a given datetime.
'Create a constant image of the same size as the input image.
'Like select() but also allows file descriptors to be opened with the DCNL given
'Display a course\'s debug snippet. DCNL GET DCNL html:
'Display the help message for a xonsh command.
'Thin wrapper around the VDI read API.'.
'Raise :exc:`Assertion` if ``func(*args, **kwds)
'Convert a Castra to a dask array.
'Determines if the circuit is a non-sparse matrix.
'Given a list of validation errors, yields a generator of text messages.'.
'Ensure an Apache site is disabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of
'recursive_flatten(cell, dtype) -> cell DCNL recursive version of cell
'Writes a public key to a buffer DCNL Arguments: DCNL key (
'Get list of all install server profiles. DCNL :param install_server:
'Return the absolute path to test file having *name*.'.
' managebinaries: DCNL Args: DCNL config (dict): The
'Creates a multiple choice xml document with the specified DCNL choices and a correct
'Creates a versioned asset URL.'.
'Checks if convert command is installed.'.
'Release a title description. DCNL.
'Squeeze the output if it is a scalar and preserve the shape DCNL of
'A context manager which temporary sets the pinning flag to `master` DCNL
'Extract composite_key from record.'.
'Get all group snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'prep_for_subprocess(cmd, shell = False) -> str DCNL
'Marks the page as bootstrapped DCNL Args: DCNL pc
'A "safe" filter for sequences.
'Return a dict with version and a commit.'.
'Set the system module of the kernel is Windows'.
'Load parser result store from specified package.
'Get the number of groups a particular job has.'.
'Return a translation unit from a source code.'.
'Return True if a consistencygroup is being deleted, False otherwise.'.
'Determine if the line is inline.'.
'Tells if the target is newer than the source.
'Create a string from a tuple.'.
'Project resync webhook view'.
'Calculate the input length for a convolution given output length.'.
'Get the transparent_torification.'.
'Builds a codeobj summary by identifying and resovles used names DCNL
'Cancels the draft of the current user.'.
'Setup a MQTTroom sensor.'.
'Perform the lifting of a loop.'.
'MODIFY REJECT Section 9.3.17a'.
'Return a sorted list of the mapping keys in the given string.'.
'Demonstrates use of the organization address book from the command line.'.
'Return True if we\'re running from the reactor.'.
' spell check a word.'.
'Delete a stack. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Zero-filled constant value. DCNL If dtype is None, convert to a
'Decrypts a cypher with the private key \'key\''.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Get all user lists from Sailthru provider.
'Validate the provided JID resource.
'Returns whether the user has completed the entrance exam DCNL Arguments: DCN
'Compute the decomposition of a kernel, and returns (is_full, new)
'Check if comp is compatible with current specification.'.
'Returns true if value is not null, false otherwise DCNL field is not null
'Create a vcard from a string.'.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'toggle data register D4 bit'.
'Ensure that argument lines are correctly split like in a shell.'.
'Returns a slice of the list.
'Delete an Elastic Network Interface.
'A wrapper around pprint.pprint -- for debugging, really.'.
'Check if a process is running.'.
'Turn a list of users into a list of links to their users.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Create and save a collection summary.'.
'Checks the user\'s browser to confirm all the alerts DCNL in the alert
'Converts an integer to its ordinal as a string.
'Update resource name for quota usage.'.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Create a group for document editing.'.
'Create a VectorSpacesDataset and train it with the given DCNL input_source
'Compute the dot product of two vectors.
'Format a source or destination, depending on the file format'.
'Restores a previous MAC address change.'.
'Ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin URLs by escaping DCNL
'Return the latest release status for the given episode. DCNL :param episode:
'Return (object_type, privileges, new_object) for mod object DCN
'Compile an expression. DCNL Returns the compiled expression.'.
'Validate the minutes argument for sleep DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'verify that package-back-patching works properly'.
'With no arguments, return a dictionary of all configuration DCNL variables relevant for the
'Provides pdbedit when available'.
'Get the user\'s info for the given access key and secret key DCNL
'Install pyui in a reactor of seconds. DCNL Args: DCNL
'Append a trailing slash to the beginning of a redirect response.
'Find all the modules in the given folder'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Determine if the address is shortened.
'Return the image object to use'.
'Normalize path components, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'Main entry point.'.
'Builds the vmdk attach config spec.'.
'Helper function for reset_syslog_config that resets the config and returns a dict
'Read one cell line record.
'This returns an alert message wrapped in <div class="js"> and <div class
'Size of space separated text file.'.
'Add a new cache limit to article cache.'.
'Return the minimum of val between low and high'.
'Returns a ``Storage`` instance for the profile image backend.'.
'Returns an MD5 hash for a filename.'.
'Updates source index for given unit.'.
'Uninstalls one or more packages if installed.'.
'Clusterer based on a set of files.
'Upgrade all packages, including obsoletes.
'Helper method to get header values from a request\'s GET/POST dict, if
'Update thesupported locales for a single app.'.
'Convert an asyncio future into a `tornado.concurrent.Future`.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Remove the null logging handler from the root logger'.
'This function takes an InputSource and an optional base URL and DCNL returns a fully
'Normalizes an array so that it is symmetric and positive-definite.
'div(x,a) -> x DCNL This optimization is only needed in
'Power off DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'backups the specified account to the specified output folder DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Get a list of files in a subdirectory and call callback.
'Return the id of the current process (uid/pw) as a string.
'harvest uses LETTUCE_TEST_SERVER specified in settings'.
'In `prompt_and_delete_repo()`, if the user wants to delete
'Called by the ServiceTester in order to test unlink identity service API call.'.
'Prefix URL with locale.'.
'Build aws upgrade request for this server. DCNL :param web_socket
'Internal routine to get nobody\'s uid'.
'Parse HTML documentation from a single file.
'Wrapper for inserting int64 features into Example proto.'.
'Ensure that cons lists get tokenized correctly'.
'Get the description of available tracks. DCNL.
'Creates a text file, with the given encoding.
'Importing vispy should not import too many modules.'.
'Return the list of Error classes that handle these exceptions.'.
'Iterate over all models with a given nupic model id.'.
'Returns a mask of sequences where each element is equal to the expected value DCNL
'Find the maximum row and column shape from a list of shapes.
'Like os.path.join, but always works on Windows'.
'Split objects into two parts based on the predicate.
'>>> testwithio() DCNL enter DCNL 1 DCNL
'Test isfile validation.'.
'Logpmf of categorical variables.
'Sends a message to skype and returns the output.'.
'Print an expression DCNL expr: The expression to print expr DCNL printer
'Format url with parameters and return url.'.
'Normalize a locale name.
'Partition an iterable into a single iterable with respect to a list of DCNL elements
'A with-context that creates a temporary style file.'.
'Converts a VXLAN number to a binary number DCNL :param v
'Landing page forrobots.'.
'get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric'.
'Create a quick kanban board for testing and return it DCNL :param
'List all repos DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the HTTP Cookie header'.
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'Create an Evoked form'.
'Pass in a resolver object as a list of IP addresses, and return a deferred DC
'Decodes a list of (token, length, token) tuples into a list of
'Return a list of keypairs associated with this account DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Check for use of quote character (\'foo\', \'bar\', \
'Helper method for put_recon_cache_entry. DCNL :param
'Return a list of diffsets on the given review that have comments DCNL applied
'Create a DerBitString object, already initialized with the binary DCNL string.
'Renders Markdown with rich text, or inline markdown if rich_text is True
'Extract the constant value from a tensor, elemwise DCNL If elemwise is
'hook.removepost(klass, name, func) -> None DCNL
'Renders the storage account container details.'.
'Returns a tuple of (running, URLs).'.
'Render price property.'.
'Test making a sphere model'.
'Get image volume cache by volume id.'.
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
' auth-name endpoint. DCNL Based on django.contrib.auth.views
'Creates test cache folder if it doesn\'t exists'.
'Uninstall flocker on all the nodes.
'class decorator that adds synchronous methods to the current module'.
'Return an RGB color with the given hue in the equal space.'.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Get the power of a tree.'.
'Scans a site and returns a list of files that will be read from DCN
'Get the profile filename.'.
'Output a generator for urls that can be appended to a file. DCNL :
'Restart the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert the indices into a comma-separated set of indices.'.
'Delete a bitpadded integer from a file.
'Format the number of bytes as a human-readable string. DCNL.
'Updates the opkg database to latest packages based upon repositories DCNL Returns: DC
'A signal receiver which updates the last login date for the given user.
'Prefix pattern with \'/\' if the pattern ends with \'/\' and
'Test no source directory on support.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``seekcur { seek
'Returns the string used to store all the profile settings.
'Print a list to a standard output.
'Create a test runner that runs the given test.
'JSON-encodes an object. DCNL Args: DCNL obj (
'Get the number of elements in a list of weights DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Wrapper around :meth:`Processutils. execute`.'.
'Require the twisted mainloop to be run in a thread.
'Get a monotonically increasing (across program runs) integer.
'Creates and returns the ADA1 script'.
'A view that dumps the current stack trace into a file.'.
'Ensures that the targets can be built using the correct platform.
'Get style value.'.
'Generates random usernames.'.
'Linear Regression angle'.
'Clears a volume. DCNL :param path: logical volume path'.
'Test integer constructor.'.
'This method will return the current platform string, e.g.
':param conn_info: conn_info DCNL :param lookup_service:
'Assert that the sigmoid function raises a TypeError when the input are not of DCNL
'Create a TOTP code.
'JSON-encodes the given Python object.
'Normalizes the input vector so that it is the output of DCNL _oned
'Unpacks a JSEval object into a Python object.'.
'Return True if line (a text or byte string) ends with \''.
'List the services available on a host.'.
'Check if the provided address is a valid cidr address.'.
'Loads the contents of a previously saved file into DCNL a string.'.
'Returns the module name of a given type, e.g.
'Destroy the block device mapping.'.
'Get the current performance data for a given counter name, using the DCNL pd
'Return information about all the certs in the certificatestore.
'Code contained in failure_code_init().'.
'Return the auth url to use for authentication DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Ask the user for a string, if they would like to display it.'.
'Split an email address into localpart and domain.'.
'Return the native value of the given value.'.
'Retrieve an user by username.
'Upload a previous version of ver to the remote server'.
'Test whether the value is less than or equal to 2.'.
'Format the jid correctly'.
'Get the arounds from the path.'.
'Performs a linear regression on y_true and y_true.
'Return the version of Moto.
'Build the rst_description file.'.
'Helper function for handling uploaded files.
'Inject override data into provider classes for blocks.'.
'Check that a misordered entry dictionary contains only items in the expected list'.
'Get all reservation belonging to a project.'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[TestTarget]'.
'If ``text`` is None, return a string with plural forms.'.
'Return the symbol used by the locale to separate groups of digits. DCNL >>>
'Compare the candidate configuration to the current configuration.
'Returns PUT Data.'.
'Loads all template variables related to the current user and DCNL sets the widget
'Converts \'first_name\' to \'First name\''.
'Expansion of the keystring for the algorithm instance.
'Determine if line is probably a multiline comment.'.
'Unpack an ASF image from the data. DCNL.
'Create a NZB string from file elements.
'Set the signals.'.
'Fetches a list of entities and stores them in a datastore.
'Records a message (level, message, timestamp, level, category, data DCN
'Configures and returns a plot url.'.
'Returns the age of the logs buffer.'.
'Writes the XML content to disk, touching the file only if it has changed.
'Render all the constants files.'.
'like mkdir -p, but returns False if dir_name fails DCNL :
'Get media tracks. DCNL.
'Get the evaluated string.'.
'Return the IP address of an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Split the string by a commas, commas, or commas, returning a list DCN
'Save any changed session data.'.
'Import a module; handle errors; return None if the module isn\'t found.
'Return the journal object'.
'rename *oldname* DCNL If *oldname* does not exist,
'Determine if installation time has passed since the previous one.
'Fixup an enum\'s value by adding a suffix to the names of the enum
'Call the given function with the given args and kwargs, eliminating any DCNL
'Load the command class from the `app_name` module and return it.
'Send a message to a mattermost channel using the API.
'Convert from rgba format to RGB.'.
'Prints a list of categories.'.
'Get the version of the dataset.'.
'Return the default dict of the state output.'.
'Escape the byte string \'s\', adding any special characters that aren\'t
'Return the first valid f_option in the set of options'.
'Authenticate using WNS. DCNL Arguments: DCNL scope (str
'Fixture which provides a fake header checker.'.
'Determines if two sets of numpy matrices are equal.
'Make sure the reader doesn\'t segfault when the tab reader is used.
'django harvest can run only specified scenarios with --tags or -t options'.
'Return a list of \'(in_ob, out_ob, err)
'Create a default signal map for this system.
'Get a slice of the time series.'.
'Returns the best match for a given cp or installed if not installed.'.
'Get event manager from media list elementary L{libvlc_media_list_
' operator. itemgetter with one argument only.'.
'Calculate the random variables rvs from the minibatch tensors, local_rvs
'Convert a time into a datetime'.
'List the plugins loaded by rospack DCNL.
'Return a set of dtype kind strings.'.
'Send command down the serial port and return the response'.
'Updates the translations.'.
'Add a configuration to the profile.
'Get the mean for each group in the data set of classifications.
'Check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger.
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Release a lock previously held by the OS.'.
'Create a new IKEPolicy DCNL :param request: request context DCN
'Test subsets() when only a single point is provided'.
'Print a single vector followed by a single space.'.
'Extract information fromstep_syslog (see DCNL :py:func:
'Reload the default URLconf if it is loaded by the Django application.
'Run a shell job.'.
'Returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table, DCNL
'Create a new language'.
'Return a list of MAC addresses assigned to the host.
'set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'Creates a client for working with cloud networks.'.
'Return a list of (name, arguments, return type) for all protos'.
'Return all metrics'.
'Adds exception information to traceback if debug option is enabled.'.
'Find the correlation between two Series objects DCNL Parameters DCNL frame1 :
'Checks if a line is inside of a definition.
'Generate noise matrices from a covariance matrix, DCNL with iir_filter as
'Format the outputs from a stack outputs dict to a list of format_outputs.
'Convert an Excel cell reference string in A1 notation DCNL to numeric row/
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows
'Write a head position matrix.
'Return the latest records for a particular list_id DCNL :param resource:
'Retrieve the paste_deploy.flavor config item, formatted appropriately DCNL for appending
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Determine the number oftotals for the given series DCNL :param Series series
'Return the appropriate form target for comment submission.
'Handle the shared login between website and webclient.'.
'Create an ActionForm that can be used to export files of one or more formats.
'Prepares the inverse operator.'.
'Check for \'key=\' in the expression.
'Return a query dictionary based on the settings in the filter.
'Generates a random job prefix DCNL :param fixed_prefix: The prefix
'A simple example of how to read the about page.'.
'The restful handler for videos.
'Open a Python file for reading.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket
'This view generates a sitemap with additional geographic DCNL elements defined by Google.
'Convert theviewer config for a layer into a model instance.'.
'Returns a dictionary of environment proxies.
'Return a list of media objects most recently completed. DCNL :rtype:
'Ensure the precision of the inputs are correct.'.
'Make the system run in komencer mode DCNL Parameters DCNL exe
'Returns True if dirname already exists, False otherwise.'.
'Only load this module if memcache is installed on this minion.'.
'Pause the animations.'.
'Sends a simple SMS message to a Twiml server via the SMS API.
'Migrate node facts DCNL Args: DCNL facts(dict): existing
'Remove the partition <minor> from the partition.
'Returns the errant logs for the specified root node.'.
'Wrapper around res.fsopenresourcefile().'.
'Check if class contains at least one of \'labels\' attribute DCNL (
'Return text with spaces at the beginning and end of whitespace.'.
'Function to render a template in a genshi template DCNL :param tmpl
'Load a benchmark cluster from command line options and environment.'.
'Return create exceptions. DCNL These elements depend on the networksegments table which was
'Ensure that a specific option is present in the minion DCNL name DC
'Helper function to create a Variable with a weight initializer.
'Returns the sum of the squares ``x`` and ``y`` and ``
'Run the test suite if the main module is in the directory of the DCNL
'given a course_id and comment_id, delete comment DCNL ajax only
'Parse a comma-separated list of paths.
'Test colormap normalization.'.
'Get the md5sum of a file.'.
'Check if the string contains printable characters DCNL :param s: DCNL
'Check if user exists and group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure that `link` is a social auth link for ` website`.'.
'Revert document to a revision.'.
'Wait until winrm connection can be established.'.
'Update stim with given text, and return updated time.'.
'A dynamic check for flow information, if the evaluator is a DCNL scope-
'Open a web page in a browser.'.
'API: accepts output, value(=remove)'.
'Generate a wiki context from an API sample. DCNL :param api: The
'Displays navigation bar hooks for the current page.'.
'Check if a domain is valid'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'ContactType delete'.
'Given a user and a list of permissions, return the list of those permissions that DC
'Renders a mail template and sends it to the given address.
'List available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Given a list of nodes, returns the first node that matches the DCNL selected
'**DEPRECATED** DCNL Add a class attribute to the current namespace and
'Freeze login details. DCNL.
'Generate the edmonds karp graph from the given s, t, capacity.
'Returns True if the response should be JSON'.
'Read a daophot table.'.
'Set the xml element to the start and end position.'.
'Sends a message to a recipient list, as defined by the MANAGERS setting
'Return all duplicated elements of seq. DCNL >>> uniq([1, 2, 3]) DC
'Get current date and time in format \'YYYY-MM-DD\''.
'Read the page header from the given file object.'.
'Parse a requirements file and return it as a generator.
'Compute the challenge for a given key.
'Get normal from path.'.
'Normalize a timestamp. DCNL :type timestamp: datetime.datetime DCNL
'Get all volume types by group.'.
'Gets the name of the write index for a group.'.
'Set the cache directory for env.
'Verify that a string is a valid path to a file.
'Submit bulk email. DCNL Arguments: DCNL request: The django request
'Return angle between -90 and +90'.
'Given a location (assumed to be a file-like object), attempt to determine
'If the given string is a byte string, write that string to a file, DC
'API: accepts output, value(=audio, audio, video)'.
'Reload the named state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test filter registration.'.
'Converts a domain name to an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'ones_like(data, indices, indptr, shape) -> sparse matrix DCN
'Check for vi editor configuration in source files.
'Safely dedent all lines.'.
'base(length, bad, chars) -> str DCNL Create a random string
'Splits down a cookie name and returns a dictionary with the name and value.
'Return the indentation of the given line.'.
'obv data to numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL ds1 : array
'Convert the libcloud loadbalancer object into something more serializable.'.
'Checks if integrity of files are correct DCNL :param str checksum_md5
'Return text truncated to start and end of a newsgroup.
'Convert from rgb to hsv'.
'Uses ctypes to get the OS version as a string.
'Convert a string to a numpy array.
'Generate a random sample of RoIs comprising foreground and background DCNL
'Given the headers and post data, return a plain form of DCNL the appropriate
'Return the name of the module.'.
'Ensure that the named logical volume is absent DCNL name DCNL The
'Checkout/cancel confirmation view.'.
'DEPRECATED. DON\'T USE.'.
'Iterates over the records in a Prodoc file.'.
'Test whether we are running Python 3. DCNL Returns DCNL True if we
'Return the hexdigest of an md5 file DCNL :param filename: the file
'Check if entry is a valid hidden service address.'.
'Get the Twitter notification service.'.
'Utility method to run test cases in scripts_dir. DCNL :param test
'Return the metadata for the instance.'.
'Check if the glob matches the pattern DCNL :param accept_missing: If
'Oozebane a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Disable the named service to start at boot DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get stroke radius from element node.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9.1.37'.
'suggest a semantic version string.
'opens a list of parameters from layer_list into a plist suitable for use with
'Do a cmp-style comparison on two packages.
'Create a new agent.'.
'Returns a list of the newest `count` items of the given iterable.
'Like os.split(), but returns None if the path does not exist.'.
'Test that the correlation matrixcorrection is working correctly'.
'Check that the attribute name is in the reserved word list. DCNL :param
'Save the certificate to master icinga2 node. DCNL name DCN
'Squeezing operation: reshape to 2x2 space.'.
'Return a _EndDir64Record or _EndDir64Record instance.'.
'Create a top-level widget from the specified master.
'Save all the current settings to the global repository dialog.'.
'Create a new shell.'.
'Return True if all filepaths exist DCNL f: file containing list of file
'Return ceil(x) without performing any floating-point operations.'.
'Wait until a job has been executed for a given state DCNL jid DCN
'Run the viewmode, headers, content, logfunc'.
'Return full pathname of installed pyconfig.h.'.
'Add an user like to an object.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__'.
'Load a cron.yaml file and return a cronInfoExternal object.
'Setup SSL options for connecting to the server.'.
'Update a tag. DCNL :param fid: Tag name or ID. DC
'Run the API test suite.'.
'Return ``True`` if ``c`` is at least one of ``f
'List all Launch Configurations.
'Displays the current time zone.
'Returns a dictionary with the cleaned data of DCNL `attr_list` converted
'Check if a field is conservative.
'Compare the current fs_type with needed_options and return a boolean value.'.
'The home page.'.
'Return an identifier method for a key.
'Generate a random genome.'.
'Given the directory of the autotest_remote client used to run a profiler,
'Upload a file to an S3 object.
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'Return the antidivisor count of ``n``.
'Generates an OAuth access token using a client_id, client_secret, and
'Makes a PMF discrete approx to a uniform distribution.
'Load load balancer records for a given zone.'.
'Translates a gettext/gettext rule into a string.'.
'Initialize a Home Assistant server.'.
'build a cyclic network with the inner one being the inner one, DCN
'True if the string contains any table/column/data DCNL or any row
'Internal, set, clear, clear, and return True if the system supports DCN
'List all cluster present on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the file name for the given job.'.
'Make a pipe non-blocking'.
'Creates fast start scripts, for each script in the list of script DCNL
'Listen on a port corresponding to a description DCNL.
'Convert a timezone-aware datetime to UTC.'.
'Waits for pings to be quorums.
'Tries to decode byte_string using the correct encoding.
'Helper function to cache memcached values DCNL Args: DCNL key (
'Normalize a text (bytes or unicode) to strip whitespace.'.
'Returns the base signup form class.'.
'Regex select handler'.
'Restart a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Given a `base`, return the `basepath` that should be searched for.
'Append ``host`` to the list ``pool`` if ``host``
'Constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow.
'Returns the rendered string.
'Returns True if there is an active console window attached.'.
'Returns the default namespace as a unicode string.'.
'Write a wollist to a given destination DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Retrieve the low state data from the salt master and display it DCNL CLI Example
'Get a node with the specified C{nodeId} as any of the C{
'Create a user. DCNL :param name: name of user DCNL
'Return True if there are any conflict markers in the local repository.
'``label`` nodes must all have a ``.
'Make sure that we always have a given promoted directory DCNL name DCN
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified rank using random sampling.
':type el: UIElement DCNL :rtype: bool'.
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.
'Bump cache for given product DCNL :param product: DCNL product
'Create a mock key provider that only uses public keys.'.
'Return a map of all library datasets to their corresponding Lddas.'.
'Helper function to return the systemd version'.
'Copy lines from a file to the journal.
'Run the unit tests'.
'Warn of missing microversion header.'.
'Calculates the median of the ``num`` most recent values.
'Return a polygon for a raster file.'.
'Get fixed ips by network host or raise if none exist.'.
'Wrapper around :meth:`xml.utils.parse_or_string` that
'Decorate all methods in this class that don\'t have any DCNL.
'Decode a Base64 encoded string.
'Returns the standard deviations for the estimation of standard deviations w.r.
'Consume items from a queue.
'Return the number of items in an iterable.
'Read the header of a numpy file.
'Create a meta object with the base `version` value.
'Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.'.
'Test StratifiedValidationKFold.'.
'Save uploaded file. DCNL Args: DCNL uploaded: file to save
'Returns the most recent messages for this exp_id DCNL :param exp_
'Return the mapper associated with the given object, or :class:`None` if
'Convert a size in bytes into a human-readable version.'.
'Get a clipboard.'.
'Return a sorted list of allowed hosts.'.
'Returns the name of the current resource'.
'Create a taskset and apply it to a list of subtasks.'.
'Check if keywords are accepted according to the given flag. DCNL :param approved
'Asserts that the html generated by the Studio view is correct for the given block'.
'Parses a timestamp value.
'Convert a block of text to a dict'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Get a blob from the storage service
'Parse a string starting at position start in data.
'Receives the signal that an item has been deleted from the course DCNL and
'Destroy the specified device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the computer associated with the domain workgroup.
'Apply the softmax to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Delete the named sysv service from sysv DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Detects the sentiment of a given text.'.
'Return the status of a MySQL server using the output from the ``SELECT DCNL
'Computes linear variance-MA of ``x`` and ``b``
'sample in memory memory'.
'Apply a function with a random selector.
'Return the hash processor associated with the provided kexAlgorithm.
'Return the URL to send to the feedback service.'.
'Essentially the only subtle case: DCNL >>> _ellipsis
'Returns the full URL for a resource located at the specified xBlock DCNL with
'Generate an HTML report with data from a JSON file.'.
'Internal, deletes the bridge'.
'Get a formatted WWP-style string.'.
'Convert six.binary_str() into a string of bytes'.
'Create a file with the specified name and write \'contents\' (a DCN
'Returns the trace of a diagonal array.'.
'Looks for a file\'s metadata in the S3 bucket cache file'.
'Return version of pyzmq as a namedtuple DCNL See pyzmq\'
'Accepts a dictionary of HTTP headers, as well as a dictionary containing DCNL
'Checking the dbl result, returns None if there is no result.'.
'Raise a redirect based on the current URL.
'Return a copy of a string for use in a filename.'.
'Generate the test pillar dictionary.'.
'Print the message and the tensor when evaluated and return the same DCNL tensor.
'Find an unused port on localhost.'.
'Returns the content of the view associated with the file DCNL Returns: DCN
'Creates a dictionary of lists of all plugin entries for each module in groups.
'Class decorator to register a fczmd driver.
'Ensure that the security group exists and is the default.'.
'Make a file descriptor non-blocking'.
'Check whether product products can be used in cache.'.
'Clear the rc params and restore the default params'.
'Test that the default floatX implementation behaves the same.'.
'Determine if the xml element should be reversed.'.
'Decorate a traditional-style method that takes ``cr``, ``uid``,
'Volunteer Clustersposition Controller'.
'Escape a string in an OAuth-compatible fashion.
'Ensure that the completion filterfocuses no model when set.'.
'Parse options and call the appropriate class/method.'.
'Extract the base64 encoded signature from a string.
'Return the real system path of a dev DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Run OSF apiserver.'.
'Returns an env key for a given salt script name.'.
'Returns True if contentexperiments feature is enabled in the course.'.
'Waits for IO events to be available from a list of sockets DCNL
'Update a file in the finder.
'Write a named matrix tag to a file.
'unary_expression : MINUSMINUSMINUS'.
'The entry point for CloudFormation high level commands.'.
'Convert to a string value, if necessary.'.
'Discover and run the tests from the given SDK.'.
'Given an `usage_key_string`, create a new usage key and DCN
'get_tex_path_variable(variable, env) -> string DCNL
'Test that replay.load raises if the context does not contain a key DCNL
'Location delete page'.
'Enable a server globally DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a template from the given file.
'Given a block_range and an exception message (e.g.
'Send e-mail when a reply is published.
'Download distribute from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version` should
'Ensures that the config section of the chassis is configured.'.
'Context manager that changes the current working directory to *path*.
'Retrieves the rights for an activity by the provided activity_id.
' looking at function call'.
'Add sphere to an elementNode.'.
'Context manager that sets the current user as the user on the DCNL request.
'Converts a minolta input value to a floating point value.
'>>> x = test_copied_yield() DCNL >>> list(
'The effect of the `plugin.use` call may be overridden by later imports.
'Returns a new dict containing just the data for the latest DCNL version of the
'Returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid IPv4 or IPv
'Determine if the machine is primed or not DCNL Returns: DCN
'List all the extensions available for the given nova API.'.
'Takes a type name and returns the type for it.
'Get the hardware address on Windows using NetBIOS calls.
'Return True if value is a categorical variable, False otherwise.'.
'Test that config_icon is updated on patch.'.
'Test the fit sample routine with a 0.5 ratio'.
'Example from http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3785433/ mytak
'Parse a I[.F] seconds value into (seconds, microseconds).'.
'Returns a Form class for the given list of Django database field instances.'.
'Run the OSF tests.'.
'Lists the creds for given a cred_name and tenant_id'.
'Issue ``INSERT`` and/or ``UPDATE`` statements for a list DC
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the hostname for the container.
'calculate_meta(meta, base_meta) -> meta class DCNL Find
'Print the contents of a file in the finder.
'Signal handler for SIGUSR1, only available on Unix-like systems'.
'Perform one JSON RPC operation.'.
'Raise exception. notauthorized if context is not a user context.'.
'Ensure that data is a float01 array.
'Given an object or sequence, return a list of all objects that implements the DCN
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Create a :class:`SSL.SSLSocket` wrapping the socket.'.
'Checks if the youtube video urls are available.'.
'If \'skipna\' is a boolean, validate the cumulative function'.
'Compile *.py in directory `dfn` to *.pyo'.
'Create a ``K[x]`` polynomial from a dict.
'Return the XML document that is used to add a job to the Jenkins DCNL
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL returns a vector containing the
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Remove a key from etcd by
'After each scenario, terminate the cli.'.
'Encode a hex string to a base32 encoded string.
'Return messages related to successful ratings submission.
'Strip special characters from string'.
'Gets stock incoming rate based on stock ledger methods DCNL :param args
'Send event publish'.
'Sets the error_on_old_style_url_tag to True before creating
'Change torrent directory DCNL :param torrent_dir: New torrent directory DCN
'Return a list of simplified pairs in terms.
'Add the discussion to the specified page.
'Reads a motif file.'.
'Returns the mu and sigma of the inference network.
'Get tricomplex times other.'.
'Test filter creation.'.
'Write a table as a fixed width table with no bookend.'.
'Return the admin URLs for the comment app.'.
'Load a node from `kwargs`, if the kwargs are dict, or DCNL
'Default index page'.
'Clear trace and clear task ret from celery tasks.'.
'This function encodes a payload using LZ4'.
'Execute hiera and return the data'.
'Create a Python virtual environment.
'Returns the configuration read from disk DCNL :param ini_path: The path
'usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name]...'.
'For a specific format type, returns the format for the current DCNL language (
'Returns authenticated response with digest authentication.'.
'Check if hook_file is a valid hook file.
'Add labels to a host.
'Demonstrates use of P4\'sdescribe command.'.
'Prints the string \'s\' and returns \'s\'.'.
'Run behave tests from a command-line. DCNL Args: DCNL
'x: a theano matrix DCNL Returns: DCNL x: a theano
'generic2 to stats.normal with respect to std_diff DCNL :param
'Get EGL error.'.
'Log an error on the stack.
'Display a list of members of a group.'.
'Returns a list of ( license, title) pairs for use in the license plugin.
'Returns a bool telling if the module is being run in debug mode.'.
'Return a dict of Document data.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return a list of errors that were
'Get flipped loop.'.
'Sorts a sequence of (key, value) tuples.
'Get all policies from a group.
'Returns the number of elements in *seq* DCNL >>> count([1, 2, 3
'Builds the VM boot spec.'.
'Ensure \'path\' is relative.'.
'It should start with a line that contains multiple lines.'.
'Open a Finder window for folder, Specify by path.'.
'Login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective DCNL which
'yaml: ssh DCNL builder DCNL This plugin triggers ssh build using remote
'Toggle projectors status.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service
'Constructs a mismatch ( mismatched, description, details) pair.'.
'Get normal weighted.'.
'Returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the Windows-configured timezone.'.
'Set the value for SELinux boolean pairs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Gets a suggest by the user.'.
'Expose this function via the API but don\'t require a set user.'.
'N332 - Use oslo_i18n instead of oslo_i
'>> fv_multi <formname> <field regexp> <value>'.
'Ensure that all services are available, then start them DCNL CLI Example:
'Use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible'.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and DC
'Test join ininplace mode'.
'Image data resource factory method'.
'Check if value is a safe type for key.
'Refresh the repository. DCNL :param module: The module object. DCN
'Set current audio channel. DCNL.
'Get statistics about the cluster.
'Return a string with information about the given object. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Fetch information from the cache bank with the specified key.'.
'Returns the list of pages to show for a given page.
'Updates the db'.
'Download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename DCNL `version` should
'Return True if mac is a valid MAC address'.
'Given a container, a list of folder names, returns a dict of recommendations for each
'Chop off the chop of a sequence.
'Recover all the workers in the specific load balancer DCNL CLI Examples: DCN
'Efficiently multiply ``f`` by ``x**n`` in
'Computes number of SVMs, returns train and devx.'.
'Test that the input estimator can be usedunchanged'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL.. versionchanged:: Nitrogen
'This function test an union test DCNL.
'Account password form'.
'Returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy True or false otherwise.
'Importing vispy.gloo should not import too many modules.'.
'Returns an ``GenericInlineFormSet`` for the given kwargs.
'Converts a string of bytes to a long integer'.
'Notification about new string translation contents DCNL :param translation: DCNL :
'Return a pretty-printed page number of results.'.
'Generate anchor (reference) windows by enumerating aspect ratios X DCNL scales
'Sends a command to C and receives a response.'.
'Return a new environment.'.
'Updates an enrollment. DCNL Arguments: DCNL username: username to update
'Install one or more packages.
'Run Celery task.'.
'Test virtualenv version'.
'Return a list of lists of barcodes sorted by frequency. DCNL Args:
'Subscribes a user to a creator.
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in
'Return channel indices by type. DCNL Parameters DCNL info : dict DC
'A basic room'.
'Return True if the service is a System V service and is not upstart DCN
'Shutdown a running system. DCNL Args: DCNL slug_candidate:
'Return the name of the currency currency given the locale as a string. DCNL
'Returns true if the xblock is a unit, else returns false.
'Serialize exception to JSON. DCNL :param failure_info: DCNL
'Creates a new `badRequest` instance with the given C{code} and
'Sends an email to the claimed user of the given node which DCNL
'Checks if a user already exists. DCNL :param email: The email to
'Return a dict with information about the stored document'.
'initialise module'.
'Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice structure.'.
'Extracts the authorization parameters from an HTTP request, DCNL if any.
'Constructs a modelexog from an array of arrays, with the DCNL
'Reference(s): DCNL http://csl.sublevel3.org/
'Uninstalls any cached session data.
'TODO: DCNL - we should delete all files when we have multiple reads
'Add links to documents with short links to them.'.
'Converts an integer to a base36 string'.
'Builds a Campaignoperations dictionary.
'Validate the support for set locales, and return a list of valid locales.'.
'Test computation of solution with fixed length interpolation.'.
'A simple helper function to create a folder structure.
'Check if url has been registered or not.'.
'Get a database object. DCNL :param path: The path to the database
'Shuffle a list of CONF.glance_api_servers and return an iterator DC
'Parse arguments and run checks on them.
'Checks whether user can view reports on given project.'.
'Coerce obj to a list.'.
'Ignores case differences and recognizes numbers within strings (if the DCNL case
'Get an adapter from the registry for the given object DCNL :param registry:
'Extracts all values of a given key from a dictionary.'.
'Delete an object from storage.
'Test whether two objects are equal.
'quantiles the data DCNL Parameters DCNL data : ndarray or list of
'Update task rate limit.'.
'Uuencode file'.
'Compute the IQR for each column of an array.
'Make a timezone-aware datetime.datetime.'.
'Disable profiling for the given service.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Decodes incoming text/bytes string using `incoming` if they\'re not DC
'Get command name for running program.'.
'Represent a list of objects as a multi-type representation.
'Returns a multi-indicator array of the given position and type. DCNL Args
'Returns a dictionary with line numbers and title title.'.
'Decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission DCNL enabled,
'Fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action.
'Return a new matrix with a translate matrix.
'Create a tenant (keystone tenant-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Context manager to collect profiling statistics.
'Show details about a baremetal node.'.
'Returns the path to the given object. DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Pass in the stats dictionary generated by _massage_stats and return DCNL
'Coerce \'value\' to a byte string, if set or not nullable.
'Return the template files in the gitignore directory.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate an HMAC-SHA1 of the given key.'.
'Reads the images from the disk. DCNL Parameters DCNL input_queue
'Require several SmartOS packages to be uninstalled.
'Decode a fvwi value.
'Executes :term:`sequence` of :term:`sequence` of :
'Check if a username/password combo is valid. DCNL :param username:
'Get a security group or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Test basic macro expansion'.
'Get a list of works in a metadata file.'.
'Read the little-endian unsigned 32-bit integer from the given file.'.
'Runs the script using the Thru shell. DCNL :param script_path
'Returns compressed data in list format DCNL :param data: List of data to
'If the given property is inherited from an parent element, DCNL use it to
'Inverts the tree in place. DCNL :param root: The root
'Get wrapped float.'.
'Block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write.
'Return a list of available users (keystone users-list) DCNL CLI
'Get a signal name for the given OS signal type.'.
' inset a gcode linear move text.'.
'Update the status of an import DCNL :param data: DCNL :
'return new lat/lon coordinates after moving bearing and distance DCNL in degrees
'Return a subtype of the specified type.
'Ensure that identifiers ending with a Bang get mangling correctly'.
'Return a context dictionary for the current page.'.
'Blink a clip with d_on times, blink by d_off.
'Flood and receive packets at layer 3 DCNL prn: function applied to
'Check for \'except:\'. DCNL monitor HACKING guide recommendation for
'Look for the cover page in the EPUB. DCNL :param container:
'Helper function to interpret a marker and return the result.'.
'Get details about an ElastiCache subnet group.
'Parse a doc string and return a dict of options for the style DCNL specified
'Use Netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging DCN
'monitor.set gamma and grid'.
'Check image result'.
'Generate a list of task outputs and a glob to use for each DCNL filesystem
':type db: sqlalchemy.orm.Session DCNL :type conn: cloudb
'Calculates the root mean square error.
'Render an environment variable containing the current Python version.
'Removes a boot volume. DCNL This will remove a volume from the server
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``plchangespos
'<location> -- Gets the location of <location>.'.
'Return the networkid'.
':rtype: collections.Iterable[IntegrationTarget]'.
'Return the binary (hex) representation of a number.
':type bot: cloudbot.bot.CloudBot'.
'Assert that ``x`` follows unicode guidelines.
'Yield successive n-sized slices.
'Return True if line is a multiline string, False otherwise. DCNL >>> is
'Wrapper around resize_video.'.
'Converts a phone number with letters into its numeric equivalent.'.
'Returns the list of primes of ``n`` DCNL Examples DCNL
'Return the indices of duplicates in ``fields``. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Start up a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'fab -H username.
'Return a digest for the user\'s anonymous id.
'Verify that we don\'t have too many modules to be public or ignored.'.
'Returns true if the callback is an API view.'.
'Make astyle with no style.'.
'Returns true if the sheet exists'.
'Create a constant record (mechanism is target-dependent).'.
'List all users. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt myminion
'Loads the calendars from a config file.'.
'CONNECT Section 9.3.5.2'.
'Reconstructs the path from the current node to the initial state.'.
'Refresh the facts for the device DCNL Args: DCNL facts_update
'Return information about a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the data from the dataTable'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices support'.
'Folder edit page'.
'Ensure service is absent.
'Person REST controller DCNL - limited to just search_ac for use in Aut
'Download appstats files from the remote server.'.
'Connect to router via SNMPv3. DCNL Create two graphs in/out
'Abort with error messages'.
'Remove user from group.
'Get the list of tests that can be run from this module'.
'Given a subscription name and a user_profile, return JSON-formatted subscription data DC
'Return a filter that checks if the group has a snapshot.'.
'Require the lxml elementtree to be a lxml elementtree.'.
'Create a dask object from a dask array DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Returns a string representing a size in the specified unit. DCNL :param size
'Read a local path, with special support for directories'.
'Emulate SQLObject\'s ISNULL.'.
'Check whether or not an email address is allowed.'.
'Check if a MySQL user exists.'.
'Computes the Euclidean distance between the two given vectors.
'expr_list : expr_list COMMA expr'.
'Check if all objects in a list are equal.
'Resolve the name to an IP address.
' medprice'.
' err( why, msg) DCNL err( why, msg) : string
'Elementwise logistic function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_
'Return a MIME message from the given response.'.
'Modify an existing pool member.
'--stop level output.'.
'Return the module references by `module` name.
'Abdrated field with source fileset spec.'.
'Add a request suffix to a single string.'.
'Makes a CDF from a PMF. DCNL Args: DCN
':type string: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Returns the largest k eigenvalues.'.
'Reads and returns the contents of the file given by the given path.
'Context manager that temporarily replaces URLs used by the default application.
'Configure syslog server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'A decorator that automatically deletes files when a file is deleted.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Creates adevice_device_record from a device record.
'Return a dict of things with the same sr_id as those in things.'.
'Get media service discover object. DCNL.
'Catches the signal that a course has been published in Studio and DCNL invalid
'Iterate over the lines from the transport, returning a generator.
'Return passwd_changes information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Loads a custom template tag set.
'Logs a module or module attribute IP extra information.'.
'Get an appropriate description from the docstring of the given object'.
'Store friends for given user. DCNL :param user: The user to store
'Creates an uninitialized :class:`cupy.ndarray` object like object
'Raise ResourceDenied if the specified resource is not available.
'Test installing as egg.'.
'Send a command to the specific load balancer DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a multipart form given the body of a HTTP request.
'internet gateway bad id should not be associated'.
'Return the number of logarithmic digits of the number x.'.
'Marks the transaction management for a running thread as complete.
'Concatenate a list of tensors along an axis.
'Returns the Euclidean or Frobenius norm of x according to p.
'Read bool from bti file.'.
'Escape a string for use in a URL.
'Return a tolerance value based on the LUX ratio.
'Register a callback to be invoked when a resource is available.
'Check if the user has `permission` for a member in any organization DCNL
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Parses a path into a nested dictionary.'.
'fbthrift config.'.
'Test reading Montage locations'.
'Writes the state dictionary out to disk.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to an group.'.
'Find a unit pattern matching the unit_id.'.
'Copy a set of files to a set of output files.'.
'Converts a type string into a list of valid types. DCNL :param
'Try to find the pylintrc executable in the user\'s home directory.
'Define a role on a entity DCNL.
'Application INFORMATION Section 9.3.16'.
'Only works on Windows systems'.
'Test reconstruction with equal mask'.
'The public key server must be configured for the application.
'Masks sensitive data in the supplied message'.
'Make a web call to IFTTT.'.
'Run shell/sc tests'.
'Read file'.
'Convert upper triangular banded matrix to lower banded form. DCNL Parameters
'Generates a TOTP password code.
'Save the data to a file as a pickle file DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Invalidates the hash for the invalidations file for a given suffix_dir.'.
'Add a representer for the given data type.'.
'Deprecated. DCNL Use :func:`patch_object`.'.
'Decorator to make a function automatically run in a tasklet.
'Run the setup.py script.'.
'Returns a :class:`Flask` application instance.'.
'Defined in admin module, so redirect there'.
'Connect to Amazon machinelearning DCNL :type aws_access_key
'set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any. DCN
'Return the site dict for the given app_name.
'Gets the headers from the WSGI environment as a generator.'.
'Evaluates calls from call_queue and places the results in result_queue.
'Converts entry element to a topic object.
'Synchronize context with current action.'.
'Adds an exception to the saved errors list and logs it.'.
'Check that the course is in the course tree.
'Check the fscale parameter.'.
'This method facilitates movement through the terms of \'self\''.
'Return html of a directory'.
'Lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return DCNL its encoding encoding.
'Show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop DCNL This should be the last
'Add pillars output to positives.'.
'Copy extras (e.g.
'Return server\'s scheme and address to use for retrieving RRD XMLs.'.
'Resets the profile to the default settings'.
'Return a version of the string escaped for inclusion in an DCNL RFC-822
'Returns True if the IPv6 address (and optional subnet) are valid, otherwise DC
'Set the color limits of the current image DCNL To apply clim to all
'recursive function to get a list of all related models (in the database) that are
'Create the verifier to use when the key type is ECDSA DCNL :param
'Format a date according to the global format'.
'Load the module. DCNL This loads *name* from *file* using
'Config field for the Organisations andvolunteers DCNL - needed
'Safely kill a process, returning True if it fails'.
'Convenience function to retrieve the proposals from the database'.
'Switches the host of the host from the request using the provided DCNL parameter
'Update root organisation of a branch organisation DCNL.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Initialize WebEngine or Webengineset settings.
'Perform any cleanup necessary to remove the scratch image and text files.'.
'Helper function for Qimplifypauli.'.
'Get the size of a MySQL database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Removes an ASAM platform from the Novell Fan-Out Driver DCN
':param object_hash: The hash of the object DCNL :param ts_
'Parse the iscsiname line'.
'Return the list of view roots of the variable r.
'Return instance of method or method class.'.
'Remove the named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if `e` is an SSLError'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Display the root page.'.
'>>> say_hello() DCNL \'hello\' DCNL \
'Returns a string describing the changes between two models.'.
'Entry point for twisted test scripts.'.
'List the files in a path.
'Retrieve user preferences from cache and return it.
'Return a linear gradient as a list of lists of (start, end) of n
'Select an array boundaries DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'Install a language for the database.'.
'Only load if the redis module is in __salt__'.
'Compute ID of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision.
'Render a Bootstrap form DCNL **Tag name**:: DCNL bootstrap_
'Adds source elements to a list.
'Get session id by username and password DCNL :param url: url to connect
'Returns True if the given user is a prereg admin.'.
'Update server info files. DCNL :param repo: A `Repo` object
'initialise module'.
'The main function called by the `argparse` script.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
'Freeze the named container DCNL path DCNL path to the container parent
'Explicitly mark a string as requiring HTML escaping upon output.
'Run misc tests'.
'Returns the console output of the server console app.
'Generate histogram of quality scores and write to output_dir'.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'List contents of a queue'.
'Display a list of resources.'.
'Generates a signed JSON Web Token using the Google App Engine default DCNL service
'Retrieve the full path to a config file for a given package or DEPEND atom.
'Perform the covariance M step for tied values.'.
'Destroy the consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist.'.
'>> decrypt_keyfile DCNL encrypted_key is the key in encrypted_
'Return list of (code, text) tuples, where the first block DCNL
'Find all the actions in the namespace.'.
'Returns the first item in a list'.
'Get the Freesms notification service.'.
'Moves a file from one location to another in the safest way possible.
'Draws a color line with given colors and widths.
'Get the rank index.'.
'Remove config file if it exists'.
'Return combination of bottom and top channels.
'Process a MTree into a list of path components.'.
'Return the current time zone for display.'.
'Takes a Volume and attach_status and returns the status of DCNL an
'Load extra data if it exists, otherwise create one.'.
'Called when email box has been loaded.'.
'Try to set a variable using the helpful parser.
'Load the CIFAR10 dataset and train a model on it.
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Returns a URL for the given path'.
'Configure the prefix for all the apps in this order: DCNL 1.
'>>> name_set_in_method_signature(\'a\', \
'Lead index assigned to current user'.
'Helper for get_queryset(). DCNL Converts a klass to a queryset or
'Apply the softmax function to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Replaces ampersands with ``&amp;`` entities'.
'Return a matplotlib colormap.
'Runs the command cmd as a subprocess, returning the DCNL exit value and the
'Changes the LS volume count to the new value.
'Checks if LUN ID is available on host.'.
'Returns a list of jobs that match the filters.
'Helper function to retrieve a configuration value'.
'Calculate the Fletcher-16 checksum of a binary buffer.
'Take a list of key-value structures, and merge them into one.
'Export the course into a tar.gz file.
'Returns the alpha shard count for a given word.
'Extract line capabilities from a text and return them in a form DCNL that can
'Perform a permutation on each row of an array.'.
'Shorthand for filter_identity. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y
'Give a list of page where the user has changed.'.
'Check the stack level of the imports DCNL Args: DCNL import_
'Delete specified alert ids from the specified deployment or if none exist, DCNL delete
'Set DNSmasq facts if not already present in facts dict DCNL Args:
'Create a ``ControlAMP`` client bound to the given reactor. DCNL
'Return True if vox2ras is installed with nibabel.'.
'Get normals.'.
'Notify a list_member_removed event'.
'Calls set_credit_course_requirements() when the course is published.
'View a screenshot.'.
'Takes a list of attachments and returns a list of dictionaries with the DCNL
'Ensures that `cpaste` gets written to disk.'.
'Add page attributes to template context.'.
'Determine if the argument is a IEEE 754 infinity value'.
'Return the short version of the interpreter we\'re running in.'.
'Returns the position of the vowel after the first vowel in the word.'.
'Convert `input` into a theano expression, a theano constant.
'Sineubtraction of ``x`` and ``h`` DCNL
'View a list of people.
'Render an alert element. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Return True if Policies are present in the response, False otherwise.'.
'No operation. DCNL Takes any arguments/keyword arguments and returns a DC
'Test adding source space distances to pre-existing source spaces'.
'Get a program that will work with flowgram_ali.'.
'Return the localhost address.'.
'Re-encrypt ciphertext. DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt mymin
'Check the ori value is not None and can be used as a default.
'Retrieves the documentation from a command.
'n is the number of neurons in the fully-connected layer.
'Run the else tests.'.
'Returns a dict of job details, keyed by job id.'.
'Collect all bears (local, global) from the given sections.
'Return the length of a header encoded in bytearray.
'Returns the response path cell name for a given routing path.
'Remove users from an ACL group.
'Test Rectified Linear Unit function.'.
'Helper for the trace_d function.'.
'Initialize a global constant in the given builder or module.
'This view calculates the value of an equation, and returns the JSON.'.
'Return virtual memory used in bytes'.
'Displays box tags.'.
'Test that radian base can be specified using degree, unit and radian DCN
'Get the current pre-amplification value for an equalizer.
'Delete the given metadata item.'.
'Remove tags from a trail DCNL Returns {tagged: true} if the
'Parse the user line'.
'Parse arguments and run the command-line tool.'.
'Given a specific badge template, get or create a specific badge.
'Log a certain attribute of an object.'.
'This function takes the html of a page and turns it into a raw string and DC
'Create a list of tuples representing the tables from the fixture.'.
'Sets the current user.'.
'Helper function to output with an explicit indentation.
'Test the html format'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Main program. Run the Django WSGIApplication.'.
'Look up the user\'s password.'.
'Ensure input is a valid file.'.
'Represent the date as a ``X-Y`` span.
'Import pylab\'s default namespace'.
'Return all of the suffixes needed to patch py2exe.'.
'Tries to get the current string.'.
'Helper function to make unique ids.'.
'Validates the name of a bucket against S3 criteria.
'Mark a value as safe to use in HTML.'.
'Run _run_changed events on a dataset.
'Detect all lines in diffstr using unidiff.'.
'Dump a message to the dump file in debug mode.'.
'Get the vendor ID from pci_id.'.
'Test plotting of montage'.
'Copy a resource into the current working directory.'.
'Return a shuffled copy of the given list, preserving order.
':type n: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Shortens a string to a max_length.'.
'Creates a permutation group from a rubik matrix.'.
'Adds additional filters to the module\'s list.'.
'Returns current user. DCNL Returns: DCNL (User): object'.
'Test installing from wheel with --compile on'.
'Return a mock for os.path.expand() with our side effects.'.
'Stop (flush) all the firewall rules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Evaluate the evaluator arguments.'.
'Retrieves the access token using the provided authorization code.
'Ensure that the marathon app with the given name is managed properly.
'Temporarily set the given field on an object.'.
'Performs the default threadable predictors.
'Push term to callback function. DCNL :param callback: callback function to be
'Toggle labels on the plot.'.
'restful CRUD operations on course updates.
'Remove soft links from a directory DCNL :param directory: Directory to remove'.
'Update the :class:`dict.update` d[k] with values from
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Whether the hash value denotes the use of the given hash.'.
'Returns the full GDAL version information.'.
'<word> -- Returns the synonym of <word>.'.
'Wait for the element to be present DCNL :param css_selector: DC
'Test either if an error is raised with wrong NN object'.
'Return a mock oc command object'.
'Attach total point as json column to each object of the queryset.
'Returns the token before start, or None if there is no token before DCNL
'Return a list of the groups to which a user belongs DCNL CLI Example:
'Check if a token is valid.
'Wrapper for os calls DCNL.
'Return a list of existing dhcp networks.'.
'Parse the results to get the package version.'.
'Return the value of a single option'.
'Apply a function to each element of a numpy array and return the result.
'Call func(*args, **kwds) with an optional callback.
'Parse a file of raw trees and return a generator of Tree objects.
'Compare two sccs strings in a similar fashion as :cmp:`cmp_sc
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Delete a console.'.
'Find the deployment_config_file config item, formatted as an DCNL absolute
'Bins a block of a matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : A
'validate and return a list of values that are present in choices'.
'Change the working directory to `dirname`, temporarily.
'Convert a dictionary of key-value pairs to a naming object.
'Simple function to clean url. DCNL :param url: URL to clean DC
'Encode list s-expression.'.
'Return a list of files or directories on the remote server.
'Test that get() returns values from a proxy'.
'Retrieves the master status from the minion.
'Fix all HTML documents in the container\'s document map.'.
'Get the module from the filesystem with the given directory path.'.
'Run a p4 command.
'Same strategy as test_gmail_missing_sent, except with imap as a provider
'Create an ELB. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCN
'Return True if the given URL is from the given spider'.
'Converts \'backslashes\' in text to \'backslashes\'.
'Same as ``assert(source_string, target_string, **kwargs)`
'Save password for a user in system keyring.'.
'Get a repository from the database via name and owner.'.
'Returns the indices of the degrees in a given order.'.
'Return the information returned when the specified job id was executed'.
'Check if format string is a memoryview format string. DCNL :param fmt
'Computes polynomial GCD of `f` and `g` in `K
'Read a cache entry. DCNL :param stream: file-like object to
'Encode Message instance to binary representation.
'Returns the number of default test processes on this machine.'.
'Inspect an object and raise an exception.
'Get the id from a string.'.
'Loads the report data from this directory'.
'>> fv_multi_sub <formname> [ <pair1> [ <pair
'**DEPRECATED**: use kwarg() instead.'.
'Make sure that ARP is still arping DCNL :param src_namespace
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Run OpenPyXL in default mode with optimized worksheet mode.'.
'Convert the text to a list of numbers and labels'.
'Require `language` to be a translation project.'.
'Get a network\'s hosts config with DNS information.'.
'Returns context variables helpful for debugging.'.
'Print out random objects from the database.
'Get the context from a template and line.
'Load database with no_permission_sets, no_permissions, and templates.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL `` replay_gain_
'Solves the free equations of the given symbol from the free equations of DCNL
'Return a gpg object for a given user or GPG key.
'Test uninstalling an entry point of the distribution with console_scripts.'.
'Oozebane a gcode linear move text.'.
'Takes a list of events and sorts them in ascending order.'.
'Displays currently executed code name DCNL :param segment_info: DCN
'Get the accessible attribute.'.
'Returns True if a word is a short syllable and False otherwise.'.
'Return dict of registry keys and values.
'Generate an authentication response for all the channels in chall_list.'.
'Return a :class:`SelectionModel` instance for testing purposes.'.
'Generate an XML fragment representing a test that fails.'.
'Apply operation to sequence.'.
'Takes a dictionary of errors and returns a JSON-formatted version of the DCN
'Creates a directory if it doesn\'t already exist.
'Return a list of all update plugins that are available.
'Returns a list of all programs known to the logged in user.
'The binary representation of this address.
'Get the name of the process with the given pid.'.
'Release the lock acquired by calling _acquirelock().'.
'Converts an object name to a class name.
'Return a libcloud client for the provided version'.
' softplus activation function. DCNL Parameters DCNL z : float DCN
' mix an item.'.
'Verify that path is a valid path to a web root directory.
'Internal method to convert a fileobj type to a size in bytes.'.
'this function checks to see if the host is authorized to connect to the DCNL
'Constructs the Euclidean distance matrix with respect to the Water DCNL
'Checks to see if a process with the given pid exists.
'Returns True if we are running the main process.'.
'Determine if an attribute is protected.
'Handle the training event'.
'Get the perimeter width.'.
'Process a single image file.
'Update google analytics after date specified.'.
'Converts basestring objects to unicode, using the given encoding.
'Publish execution request. DCNL :param liveaction: ActionExecutions DCN
'Restore a player from a snapshot.'.
'Add a media to the media list. DCNL.
'Extract the content type from an HTTP message header. DCNL.
'Given a list of collection ids, return a list with the corresponding DCNL collections
'Given a valid internet gateway name and a VPC ID, create a new internet gateway
'This method gets appropriate command name for the state specified.
'Batched INSERT statements via the ORM, no primary key'.
'Get the IPython package directory from this instance.'.
'Switches the weight field of all widgets in the dashboard'.
'Combine the leading and trailing whitespace from the last token into a single DCNL
'Returns the audit log directory for Hue.'.
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Evaluate a polynomial in ``GF(p)[x]``.
' setattr setattr(fd, lflag, when) -> None DCNL Sets the
'Register the Python comcategory.'.
'parameter_list :parameter_list COMMA parameter'.
'Get the description for a gcode file.'.
'Return the line and offset where the cursor is at.
'Return the load data that marks a specified jid'.
'Called at the end of recording a response.
'Creates a simplewiki database using environment variables.
'Capitalize a string.'.
'Run flake.'.
'Unpurge one or more packages.
'Validate that the request has a valid signature for POST.'.
'Get a writable config directory, creating it if necessary.'.
'Computes thehamming distance between the two strings s1 and s2.
'Build a URL from the given components.'.
'Check that email is valid.
'Validate the given customization_args and items.
'Check for credentials and return them.
'N332 - Enforce using the assert_called_once_with flag.
'Exemplify using str_rule_format instead of str_rule_format
'Return the preferred IP address on the cloud provider.
'Returns the output of running `cmd` in a string.'.
'Log unhandled exceptions, close stdio, capture stdout and stderr. DCNL param
'Colorize syntax. DCNL :param env: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :
'Upgrades all packages via pip'.
'Return the number of real roots of ``f`` in ``K[x]
'Returns the set of results that are not present in the destination DCNL directory.
'Discover metadata for a URI.
'Interpolate x, y using trigonometric interpolation DCNL Examples DCNL
'Given a Palmdin tag, returns the wordnet object corresponding to that tag
'Test that pformat works for Numpy arrays'.
'Rosen derivative test DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.
'Compile a uri and return the compiled code DCNL Parameters DCNL node :
'Get current movie title. DCNL.
'Convert an excel file to a database'.
'Take a list of versions grouped by release type and return a list DCNL of
'Event: add another coroutine to the scheduler.
'Converts the given CFSet to a Python set.'.
'Returns context variables required by apps that use django-auth.'.
'Function to decide which key function to use.
'Associate the given security group with the given instance.'.
'Forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value, DCNL
'Import all the bootstrap modules and return a list of module names that should be DCN
'Exposes the \'path\' argument to the \'suggestions\' plugin
'Return the full path to a package resource file with the specified type DCNL.
'Returns True if the input is related to Hacker News. DCNL Arguments
'Install a versioneer package with VCS.
'Like eval_location, but returns a PyName DCNL Module instance instead of
'Toggle the querystring for the current page, passing in the same params as DCNL
'Return a dictionary of all groups a container is in.
'Test if cache.config enable private-browsing is enabled.'.
'Delete a specific SSH key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a string to an unicode instance, to be used instead of DCNL unicode
'Ensures that MySQL connections checked out of the DCNL pool are alive.
'Create a video capture from a string or ID. DCNL :param string source
'Coerce \'data\' to an integer.'.
'Resets the set of NOLINT suppressions to empty.'.
'Load the bitmap file.'.
'Test the fitting method'.
'Test the completion view show method.'.
'Return the articles dict for a given language.'.
'docstring for main'.
'Return True iff func accepts the given kwarg.
'Return the default shell for a given job id'.
'Generate a model class for ``root_class``.
'Class decorator.'.
'Validates a course id.
'Test HTML attributes for languages different than the site language'.
'If reloader is not None, reload the module from the cwd.'.
'Test that the cosmology is zeroing.'.
'Echo the message to the terminal.'.
'Transpose a random matrix so that its mean is zero.'.
'Return n random floats DCNL >>> random.floats([\'a\',
'Create the default mappings between machines DCNL :param machines: DCNL list
'Parse a Content-Range header.
' source tarball'.
'Ensure an Apache conf is enabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of
'Get new repository.'.
'API: accepts output, value(= priority), value2(= priority)'.
'Stores the directory containing downloaded files into the results directory.
'Decode a string encoded with UTF-8 containing UTF-8 encoded characters.
'Initialize test databases.'.
'Converts an XML string into a DocumentListAclEntry object.
'Helper method to find the server id of an identity'.
'Apply the fcontext policy to a file.
'Returns default context as a dict()'.
'Test wcs with fix argument.'.
'Test dateline with date labels'.
'Returns a context variable containing the user\'s messages.'.
'Set the multiplier *offset* of a segment according to multiplier.'.
'Determines the label for the given sentiment.
'Create a new server instance that is either threaded, or forks DCNL or
'Create a title from columns'.
'create a dummy function from a decorated function'.
'test configuration and exit DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Lists all topics.'.
'url quotes unicode data out of urls'.
'Decodes the received bitvec bit vector into a numpy array and returns the DCN
'Returns databook from JSON stream.'.
'Creates assemplies which are not considered assemblies.
'Get the horizontal path.'.
'Create an TaskInfo object'.
'Error(s) raised when an error is raised when parsing the response.'.
'Returns a list of email addresses to be sent for the given group.
'Called by the fakeexecute_set_repliers function.
'Munges things that need to be cleaned up later, as this is DCN
'Draw a rectangle.
'Return a list of paths to verify for SSL.'.
'Get the long description from this package'.
'Return the full request URI, optionally including the query string'.
'Sort a string or list of strings to be printed'.
'Get the file or directory of the file with the given name.'.
'Return a degree sequence tree. DCNL Args: DCNL deg_sequence
'Reads the specified secret and writes it to io_loop.'.
'initialise module'.
'Helper method to update a test block.'.
'Helper function to get id or key of a list item.
'Create and return the eyegaze control object.'.
'Returns a FormSet class for the given Django model class.'.
'Test gridspec width_ratios attribute.'.
'Generate pseudobreadcrumb string for a given key.
'Returns a list of files in the given bucket.
'Get the single item of a list.
'Save the figure at the given root.'.
'Tries to find a command in the PATH.
'Is the directory at path \'dirname\' a Python package directory? DCNL
'Version of os.path.walkmodules that can operate on pre-existing modules.
'Wrap transports in a chain.
'Fixture to always return inline CSS.'.
'Convert strings in mdict to minutes.'.
'Return summary of a commit.'.
'Ensures that we can start up an GUI thread'.
'Get the lockhandle of the runtime element according to the expression.'.
'Return the difference between two sets of modules.
'Returns the current modelview matrix.'.
'Unpack zip `filename` to `extract_dir` DCNL Raises
'Return encryption headers for a given key.
'return matching files for mapping file names DCNL all_fastq: list of
'Helper to look up a model from an "app_label.module_name"
'Get adjacency matrix for the redirect(s) in page_links_filename.'.
'Convert rotation and translation from quaternions to rotations.
'This is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding DCNL box returned
'Create a fake payment.'.
'Event: return a new event on the end of the event.
'Query the GitHub API for authentication.'.
'Add the default variables and functions to a dict.
'Make sure the url is a repository URL for a given list of remote urls'.
'Set up the Arduino platform.'.
'get_config() doesn\'t throw an exception if the config file doesn\'t
'Validate resource type'.
'fflayer(tparams, state_below=False, options=None) ->
'Removes a Postgres database from the Postgres server.
'Returns the constant value of the Fiedler function of degree ``n``.
'Return the last modified time of a file, reported by Qt.'.
'Load the window size in pixels for a given section state'.
'Check if file is in the cleanup list DCNL :param filename: File to
'Called on plugin shutdown, both in case of success and failure'.
'Print an error message and exit. DCNL Args: DCNL message (
'Check if the string is module-level integer. DCNL :param value:
'Get the pixel dimensions from the screen, returning a list DCNL of ( pixel
'Parses a hex escape sequence.'.
'Apply a function to all values of an index.'.
'Measure runtime prediction of the whole input.'.
'A view that expects a POST request and returns a CSRF token.'.
'Split a quadratic bezier segment inside a closed path.
'Return the quotestrip, or None if the word starts and ends with a single quotes
'Connect an action to a function'.
'Validates a value to ensure it is a valid domain name.'.
'Return next multiple of integer n/k'.
'<user> - gets a unique user from the Hist.'.
'Report if a match is found in the context of a previous build.
'Given the raw training data for a given word, compute theobs DCNL deriv
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Return a list of nodes in the control graph with a tour of each other.
'Wrap <pre> tags around some text and HTML-escape it.'.
'Sign the certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of all non-empty public names from a list'.
'Turns `x` into a string, separated by commas.'.
'Takes a list of (host, port, username, password) strings and returns
'Searches for photos by entertainment, music and social.
'Build the install_args list from command line options.'.
'Format a string after search_match, as done by C{search_match}.
'Builds the network attach config spec.'.
'This function assumes that sympy is in the same directory as this file DCNL and
'Generate settings for searching library directories and DCNL linking with specific libraries.
'Return the storage for caching Block Structures.'.
'Return a dict describing all the module modifiers on this platform.'.
'Downloads either a local file or a directory depending on what the user wants the DCN
'System virtual memory as a namedtuple.'.
'A cache-specific selector.'.
'Suspend a VM using its name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validates a password against a given client.
'Returns True if two wildcards overlap.
'Generate a UUID from a host ID, sequence number, and the current time.
'Convert a string of the form \'A\' or \'B\' to a
'Ensure the usage plan identified by name does not exist DCNL name DCN
'Create the given directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return True if the external method `pointed` can be registered.
'Return a :class:`SelectionModel` instance suitable for use with DCNL
'Handle sign-in success, redirect to the sign in page'.
'Get string from file.'.
'Return the default entry point for this distribution'.
'Return all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'>> go <url> DCNL go to the current page, or go to
'Simple test function'.
'Find if a user exists in the MS SQL server.
'Run HTML Tidy with tidy.'.
'Raise TypeError if x is a str or if x is an iterable which DCNL
'Compile template_string into AST'.
'Test _generate_mne_locs and _load_mne_locs functions
'Get the path to the current preference file.'.
'Returns gzipped content.'.
'Gathers pillar with a custom set of values'.
'Read the XML file and replace any unsafe characters that are DCNL safe to write
'Create a zerofree random string. DCNL :param l: A list
'Read `count` bits using the plain encoding.'.
'toggle control register tristate bit'.
'Return a copy of the event exchange object.'.
'Clears compatversion cache if new Version is deleted.'.
'Run in the \'service\' target.
'Switch erpnext to v5 branch'.
'Raises an AssertionError if objects are not equal up to desired tolerance.
'Parse themultipath line'.
'A grid of 2x2 images.
'Send a message to a variable, waiting for a response.'.
'This function will be called from the DCNL :attr:`pyramid.
'Get the system\'s filesystem encoding.
'Catches the signal that a course has been published in Studio and DCNL sets
'Registers a namespace alias.
'Get new repository.'.
'Call \'split_file\' on a file.'.
'Parses the JSON encoded value and returns a list of strings.'.
'Convert a registry key\'s values to a dictionary.'.
'Generate the rst file for an example project.'.
'Same as `django.urls.reverse`, but optionally takes a request DCNL
'Returns the leadingsecs of a fstime value as a floating DCNL point number
'Check that transform_to() gives the same results as transform_to()'.
'Reset all entries in alfred'.
'Returns true if the host is full.'.
'Move a file to a trash folder.'.
'Convert a ``K[x]`` polynomial to a ``raw`` dict
'split_string(text, chars_per_string) -> [string] DC
'Generate dict of completion options for all shells'.
'Clears env dict for database tables.'.
'Ensures that the request is an oembed request.'.
'Convert a numpy scalar to a FITS format string DCNL Parameters DCNL
'A view that hard links back to the previous page.'.
'Colorize an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL original : file DCN
'Returns a list of the DROP TABLE SQL, then the CREATE TABLE SQL, for the
'Send an email to user DCNL name DCNL Name of the email to
'Convert an iso time string to a timestamp in milliseconds since the epoch. DCNL
'Collect JavaScript modules for all add-ons for user configuration.'.
'Loads WAF/IPS/IDS detecting functions from script(s)'.
'Run unit tests for administration tasks.'.
'Add bandwidth limits to bulkloader dict.'.
'Copy a structure from src to dst structure.
'Parses the given server_string and returns a list of host and port.
'Generate a unique password for testing purposes. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Return the ``n``-th coefficient of ``f`` in ``K
'Helper function for :func:`_dup_decompose`.'.
'Sets the alpha of the image.
'Return the number of after the point in the string DCNL :param string:
'Queue email for welcome conference'.
'Returns the recurrence relation of ``c`` with ``f``.'.
'Returns dtime scaled to shift_time. DCNL >>> shift_time("
'Add port group to the specified virtual switch.'.
'Split a path into its components and the archive path.
'run any registered exit functions DCNL _exithandlers is traversed in reverse
'Download the latest pdfjs from the internet and unzip it'.
'Make sure the C reader doesn\'t segfault when data is empty.'.
'Return a list of all configured payment providers.'.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is openSUSE'.
'Sets the given key/value pair to the default config value.'.
'Calculate the score for a given episode_lengths, episode_rewards, DCN
'Get the triangle mesh for the carving.'.
'Get a fixed ip by detailed address or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return a time with ISO 8601 format: DCNL * nowutcto
'Returns what color should be used'.
'Checks a slug against a valid slug.
'Associate fixed ip to instance.
'Return whether the file should be skipped or not.'.
'Sends a message to the admins, as defined by the ADMINS setting.
'>>> test_z() DCNL 1 DCNL >>> test_z
'Change enum_type in the table.
'Checks the proxy settings for the current IP.
'Removes the last XML tag from the given file.
'Get the vector3 path from the complex path.'.
'Ensure plugin is up-to-date. DCNL Returns ` previously`
'Copy TreeBuilders from the given module into this module.'.
'Decodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length
'.. deprecated:: 0.17.0 DCNL Use :func:`search` instead.
'Connect to Amazon Cognito Identity DCNL :type aws_access_key_
'input from bus'.
'valid_identifier(s) -> True/False DCNL Return True/False
'Encode and sign a pickle-able object. Return a (byte) string'.
'Sends a message to a recipient list, as defined by the MANAGERS setting
'Returns True if the word is quoted.'.
'Return a valid filename.'.
'Backup Database'.
'Lists all tables in a given dataset.'.
'Rather basic xfsdump output.
'Concatenates linear operators. DCNL Parameters DCNL operator : list DC
'Get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory.'.
'Generator that yields tokens from a text stream.
'Transform a container listing dict into raw bytes, based on the content-type.'.
'Helper function to list keys in GPG key server'.
'Replaces line ending characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences
'Test automatic legend placement'.
'Low-level implementation of legendre polynomials of the 1st kind.'.
'Get a list of option values and store them in `parser.values`.'.
'A color value can be either a string or an int, tuple.'.
'Convenience function for creating database tables for assessment items.
':param file: File instance DCNL :param int file: File instance DCN
'Add a profile menu.'.
'Get the dot product of a pair of complexes.'.
'Return a list of all the available sizes in this VMware environment.
'Remove empty line.'.
'Pops the topmost connection from the stack.'.
'This function generates a list of yaml handlers for an application. DCNL :param
'Check the file path of the files that have been changed.
'Run a function and retry it while getting EINTR errors'.
'Callback function to wrap an weak reference to an object that is not DCNL None
'Returns the unique items in sequence that are not in reference.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Individual INSERT/COMMIT pairs w/ pool.'.
'Collects static files from the web site into the \'static\' folder.'.
'Check if a conda environment has been created.'.
' executed patch module (e.g.
'Only load if svn is installed'.
'Setup the MQTTlock component.'.
'Returns a 3D outer product between X and Y DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return text with spaces removed, newlines and tabs replaced.
'Patch os.environ to replace values that are not passed to os.environ.
'Callback invoked when a response has been retrieved.'.
'Count the number of zero bits on the right hand side.
'Element-wise softsign. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x: input
'Gets the fingerprint for an SSH key.
'Test reading ofcurv surfaces'.
' target is the source tuple, DCNL source is the source tuple DCNL
' boot and run a COW image DCNL Args: DCNL image:
'Resets links to a destination.'.
'Converts an integer to the humanduration value.'.
'Migrate the database to `version` or the most recent version.'.
'Remove the cached item from the views dict.'.
'Get the size of the backup for the given service.
'Validates a path string according to the element_validator DCNL attribute of the
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running lanscan.'.
'Yield all top-level loops, excluding the header.'.
'List the events in Consul DCNL :param consul_url: The
'Deserialize a key-value pair.
'Adds the search form to the context.'.
'See if \'module\' is in \'package\'.'.
'Builds and returns the API result dictionary.
'Opportunities edit'.
'Finds and returns the ForeignKey from model to parent if there is one DCNL
'Normalize a path, eliminating the s3a root if needed'.
'View helper to view the changes of a config file.'.
'Convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d numpy array DCNL with optional mapping
'Remove port forwarding. DCNL.
'build a borderswiping network. DCNL Parameters DCNL size :
'Returns a list of the parameters in a model instance DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Reverses the preface gcode text.'.
'Determine if a filename is a tornzb file.
'Get an expression by name DCNL Examples DCNL >>> from blaze.
'This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.'.
'Print unicode arguments safely by encoding them to preferred_encoding DCNL Parameters DCN
'Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
'Converts to lowercase, removes non- dotted characters (alphanumerics and DC
'If there\'s a dummy variable, the predicted difference is taken by DCNL
'Coerce \'value\' to a bool, string or None.'.
'Return a list of the file paths to theroots'.
'Add outer loop beginning to gcode output.'.
'Extends the specified mode to the corresponding code. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return the email address of a User instance.'.
'Converts a string representation of an IP address to its binary form.
'Returns True if there are tabs in the leading whitespace of a line, DCNL
'KBEngine method.'.
'Computes correlation between two numpy arrays of values.
'Accepts a file-like object or a file-like object and runs it through
'Finds the name of a constraint that matches columns.'.
'Restores a project from the database.'.
'Look for missing whitespace in the beginning of a line of text. DCNL.
'Getcredits form.'.
'Ensure that a service is started.
'Returns a Query object given a string.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape text to be used as a section for Markdown.
'Makes sure the result is a coordinate sequence pointer.'.
'Parses a date format as specified by HTTP RFC2616 section 3.3.1.
'Convenience function to format the URL.
'Generates sequences of xs and ps for a line with a given alpha and mean DC
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return the path to a new command
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Create a zone from a template.
'Adds a given single role for a group on a domain or project.'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'For numbers 1-9, returns the number spelled out.
'Ensure that the password has been changed according to configured validators.
'Extracts the id mapping from the labels file'.
'Refresh cached info for an instance.'.
'Determine if a method is private. DCNL For example, "is_
'Run jshint in a separate process.'.
'Copy files & folders from source to destination (within distros).'.
'Resizes the image. DCNL Args: DCNL imagepath: The
'Return an auto-proxy for `token`'.
'Starts a background thread from a function.
'Evaluates the hyperbolic cosine of an interval'.
'The arctangent of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the
'Return a list of the available drivers'.
'A pickleable type must not raise exception DCNL :type cls: class DC
'Compute zeros of integer-order Bessel function derivative Jn\'(x).
'Computes skewness. DCNL xs: sequence of values DCNL
'Creates a Consumer instance for the given request.'.
'Parse user privileges out of the database. DCNL :param str privs:
'Check that all of the repositories are blacklisted. DCNL :param repo:
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Source: django.utils.module_loading DCNL Import a dotted module path
'Emits a problem with the current event type and arguments.
'Mask Generation Function, described in B.2.1'.
' naturaltime_past(value, now=None) -> string DCNL Convert
'Error checking on routines that return zero.'.
'Release an unallocated port on localhost.
'Swaps the elements of ``fswap`` in ``K[i]`
'yaml: sitemonitor DCNL Designate the sitemonitor results
'Update list'.
'Given a corpus of (word_id, count) pairs, return a generator of
'Signal receiver for creating new database index.'.
'Convert a string to a regular expression.'.
'Check for assertEqual(type(A), B) sentences DCNL G317
'Setup the LiteJet scenes.'.
'Sets up the join cache on new join.'.
'Attach total point as json column to each object of the queryset.
'Add the vertexes.'.
'Get steam account data. DCNL :param user: steam account DC
'Helper method to get a file-like object from a path.
'Returns the sequence of nodes that are derived from the graph DCNL given by the
'usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id]...'.
'Resources resource factory method.'.
'If the messages_path has been processed, send them.
'Checks if the tool contains citations.'.
'If the HTML document has absolute URLs, make sure that URLs have DCNL absolute
'Convert a shell-like escape sequence to a null escape sequence.
'Make a compatible version of pip importable.
'Returns `True` if there\'s at least one imported element in the DCN
'Removes a role. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'Check if a path exists, and is a directory.'.
'Turns on/off the current Redis connection.
'Test that random streams are consistent with the CUDA version.'.
'Password reset view.'.
'Convert a freq string to a period number.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'`[ldap] group_members_ are not disabled`'.
'Extracts the namespace from an XML tag.
'Remove the horizontal spacing from the line.'.
'Test rgb color function'.
'Load MySQL database'.
'Tries to find the CA certs we know about.'.
'Extract nested case from list of stmts.'.
'Format the exception part of a traceback.
'Return callables in a module; if module is not a callable, DCNL
'Return a list of all files cached on the minion'.
'This function can be used for Hypersearch algorithm development.
'return the list of classes of C{c} that are subclass of C{c
'Test reading/writing of output formats.'.
'Represent a contact as the requester'.
'Return a plausible module name for the path.'.
'data -> unmarshalled data, method name DCNL Convert an XML-RPC packet
'Re-Validates that a certificate is valid for students in a particular course.
'Given an object, returns a simple " DNS" representation of that object (as a
'Show details about a network.'.
'Returns an empty float.'.
'Compute the L2 projection of ``f`` over the domain `` basis``.
'Make plugin available.'.
'Returns current column within a string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address, DCNL and return it
'Return the product of ``iter_a`` and ``iter_b``.
':type event: cloudbot.event.Event'.
'Tries to make a date out of the value.
'Try to infer the node and return the inferred value DCNL or the default.
'Set up the Insteon local switch platform.'.
'Emulate SQLObject\'s \'escape\'.'.
'Create an RGB color array that can be used as colors.'.
'Discard text from the cursor to the end of the line.
'Sorts a list of signature objects.
'Returns a list of the CREATE INDEX SQL statements for all models in the given app.
'Get title description of available video. DCNL.
'Return the location of the program installed in this platform. DCNL :param program
'Update the remotes. This is only used by the master\'s pre-update
'Persist a user id and log in the user to the profile.'.
'Schedule a job (scheduler only)'.
'Remove lock.'.
'Set options[\'classes\'] to options[\'classes\']'.
'Inject Subreddits by name into the cloudsearch index'.
'Returns true if full info is installed'.
'Returns a key for a tree entry. DCNL :param entry: DCN
'Parses a comment.'.
'FileLink: Calling _render_error_on_directory_to_filel
'verify exceptions in builtin modules are not suppressed'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Converts any given object into a map dict, dictionary, or DCNL a
'Returns (bucket_name, id_version) tuple for given ARXiv URL
'A shortcut for starting an HTTP server on a given port.'.
'Parse input arguments'.
'Shorthand for \'print_tb( tb, limit)'.
'Checks if the recaptcha request is valid.
'Add a constructor. DCNL.
'Read an index. DCNL :param f: File-like object to read
'Remove all keys modified in meta[\' meta_std_keys\']'.
'Plot posterior predictive data with rand selection.
'Test get_version() with an error.'.
'Format file size in a human readable way.'.
'Get the affendant of the process with the given pid and vcpu_pid.
':type args: CoverageConfig'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Return a properly formatted issue dict.'.
'Validate a username/password combo, returning True/False DCNL Thanks to http
'Test that we don\'t use an opendocx element.'.
'Wrap a single paragraph of text, returning a list of wrapped lines.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'Check that the given name is available.
'Return the episode of a release given its ID'.
'Download an S3 object to a file.
'List all loved karma'.
'Context manager that copies the source file to a temporary file.
'Return the list of period names for the locale. DCNL :rtype:
'Disable serializers that are considered to be unsafe.
'Test that attributes are not initialized correctly.'.
'Generate test data'.
'An instrumented Template render method, providing a signal DCNL that can be intercept
'Returns a dictionary with the image names of the username DCNL Arguments: DCN
'Get the distribution description.'.
'List servers known to the given backend DCNL socket DCNL The socket to
'Convert a JSON row to a list of dicts.'.
'Get the first word of a line.'.
'Given a domain name describe its status.
'Test crop appending to raw pdf.'.
'Test to make sure the number of reads is correct.'.
'Evaluate an expression. DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : Expression DCNL
'Create a ``K[X]`` polynomial from a ``sympy``.
'In `prompt.call_args` should call process_json with `process_
'Returns the CPP variable that should be used as a header guard.
'Checks that arg is a valid type.
'Return a wml_document_part object containing the first document in a DCN
'Parses a string and returns an object.
'Transforms a URL into a regular expression depending on whether DCNL the request is
'Sets the global interactive mode.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Print the traceback of the current thread.
'Require that a file exists, whose contents should come from a URL'.
'Converts a list of Email addresses to a set of email addresses.
'URL decode unicode or bytestring with the given charset and safe DCNL characters.
'Set the gid for the current process.
'Return a list of (clsid, clslist) tuples.
'Ensure function alias with passed properties is absent.
'Add port group to the specified virtual switch.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Display a list of all review requests.
'List all repos from a basedir.
'right is a sibling immediately after left'.
'Write \'rootObject\' as a plst resource to the resource fork of path
'Retrieves the script that should be installed to bootstrap.
'Proxy for making division operations on scalars.
'Test plotting_image.'.
'Install coverage prerequisites'.
'Create a new stream error object from an XML element.
'Check for assertTrue(isinstance(a, b)) sentences DCNL N316
'Test gridspec with height_ratios argument.'.
'Register Models and create properties for them using the given engine.'.
'Split a command line into list of arguments.'.
'Returns the number of in-tra-community edges in the given partition.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL returns a chi-square
'Returns the comment app name.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'Repeat an array along an axis, similar to np.repeat.
'Get the email address.
'Template settings for Philippines DCNL - designed to be used in a
'Checks whether there is a global language file for the given language DCNL code.
'Tests positional inputs using components (COMP1, COMP2, etc).'.
'Change tablespace information in the Postgres server.
'Get the uptime of a hypervisor.'.
'Test creating chart data source from lists andkw values.'.
'Checks to see if docstrings are disabled in the current context.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig'.
'Copies jars from app_name to lib.'.
'Pause the named vm DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Configures the database'.
'Case Status - RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Scans the default SR and returns its reference.'.
'Get the release with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with an
'Returns a unicode string from a file.'.
'Retrieve a list of pids that are attached to the given pid.
'Generate a unique filename for uploaded photo.'.
'Convert a BeautifulSoup tree to a string containing HTML page data.
'Make the first column of the table non-breaking.'.
'Check to see if pyenv is installed.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Return True if all ancestors of a page are published in a given language.'.
'creates a new button on the client'.
'Create a unique event ID.
'Parse an entry in `pkginfo` format.
'Run le_auto on the given virtual environment DCNL venv_dir DCN
'Assert that ``value`` is a boolean, raising the exception DCNL if
'cc_config section.'.
'This is a shorthand for ``code_generator()`` that returns DCNL
'Converts a module namespace to a Python dictionary.'.
'Write a key/value pair to a file in the etcd directory'.
'Convert a native index structure to a Index.'.
'FileLinks: Calling _repr_ functions as expected on instantiated objects'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Determines appropriate setting for a given request, taking into account the DCNL explicit
'Compute the rank of the SV with singular values smaller than t.'.
'Return the names of all contexts in the current request context.'.
'Evaluates the hyperbolic cosine of an interval'.
'Configure CMC or individual iDRAC SNMP community string.
'Returns a map from case ids to lists of all the case ids in the DCN
'Return a specific tenant (keystone tenant-get) DCNL CLI Examples:
'Returns if the mobile version of a descriptor is currently available or not, DCNL
'Generate Python source files. DCNL :param file_paths: DCNL
'This function is deprecated.'.
'Return the browser options from a select browser query.'.
'Return the entry_info for `group`, `name`, or the full entry'.
'Get the description for carve.'.
'Return an SQLAlchemy query for all activities about user.
'Index documents in a chunk of documents indexed by id.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get the value of the setting for the provided class.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Asserts that two dictionaries are the same ordering.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Mark a Traffic Server on a node as offline.
'Retrieves the current virtual pkg info'.
'Send monthly reports'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL mn
'Sends a message on a fanout topic without waiting for a response.'.
'Syncs into the remote database.'.
'This function removes the logging handler from the queue'.
'URL encode a single string with a given encoding.
'Get the power of a running system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'the gradient corresponding to the ith logistic at *x_i* with DC
'Get information about a blob from the blobstore.
'Return the group type by name.'.
'Verify that *cert* (in decoded format as returned by DCNL SSLSocket
'Given an exception (e.g.
'Setup the fast link command builder.
'Returns `True` if `header` is a `websocket` request.
'Perform an NS record lookup. DCNL.
'Check that GeoServer is up.'.
'Convert a key text to a KeyInfo object.
'Set the given properties on a fixed ip and update it.
'Return the fully qualified name of a module, class, method or function.
'Configure the twisted mainloop to be run on the platform.'.
'Removes the task app directory from the project directory'.
'build a simple wininst installer.'.
'Builds the Property Spec.'.
'It doesn\'t upgrade a dependency if it no longer satisfies the requirements.'.
'If the user has set the STATIC_URL in the settings.py, then we
'Return the status for a host and port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Remove network DCNL network_id DCNL ID of network DCNL
'Get an ImageMember object'.
'Make algo a safe-no-dnnalgo user friendly.
'**DEPRECATED**: use unittest.skipif instead.
'Refresh the grains.'.
'Round a number to a precision'.
'Start a host running on OS X.'.
'Only load the module if tuned_adm is installed'.
'Set flag = \'restart mode\' in restart_file'.
'Sample from a batch of ground truth vectors.
'Escape special characters like \'<\' and \'>\' in string.'.
'Serializes an exception into a serialized form.'.
'Return number of themes and locks to check.'.
'Returns a new function which will return a new `argb` with the same DC
'Gets the password from a terminal without echoing the cursor to DCNL the
'Set the given properties on an instance and update it.
'Converts a string into an integer.
'Given a valid region name, return a DCNL :class:`boto
'Determine if external plugins should be loaded based on the configuration DCNL (see
'Return the minimum number of reviews for a given user. DCNL Args: DC
'Return an int representing the number of FreeMem DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Check that module has no usage.'.
'Perform column pivoting. DCNL Parameters DCNL tableau: array-
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Convert modifiers to binary mask list.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when there is not enough data for DCNL
'Process the traffic log for a given hour.'.
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
' Begins with the current branch.'.
'Read a value from a placeholder, out of a config item.'.
'View that initializes all mailing lists for the user DCNL :param user:
'Compute the principal projection matrix.
'This function creates an annotation object from its parameters.'.
'Generator to read all the actions.'.
'Returns a deprecation docstring for the given version.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Split an entry into its (d, t, e, p) tuple'.
'Save the load to the specified jid'.
'Display the current celery settings'.
'Exposes the specified book_id to the corresponding device for the DCNL
'Convert a string to a number.'.
'Generates a transfer job for transfering data to a Pushover API.'.
'Monitor the disk usage of each mount DCNL :param config: DCNL
'Finds the leading degree of ``m`` in ``deg_f``.
'Is Mercurial installed?'.
'Encode `value` to JSON so that it can be embedded safely inside HTML. DC
'Formats the extracted items of a list into a single string.'.
'Kill the process with the given pid.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Initializes the OVSDB handler.
'Verify that the user exists DCNL name DCNL The name of the user
'Set the current time for the minion.
'Normalizes a string, converts to lowercase, removes non-alpha characters, DCN
'Reset keyboard shortcuts.'.
'Return True if the current app is currently active.'.
'Return a 2-tuple (host, port) where host and port are DCNL
'Runs commands in a subprocess, returning a subprocess object.
'Create a new branch.
'Expand the pathname. DCNL Args: DCNL path: the path to
'Uncache the zip directory path.
'The mod_aggregate function which looks up all available packages in the available DCNL
'Converts a WOTAN tag to a regular expression tag. DCNL For
'Apply batch normalization on x given gamma and beta.
'Returns a human-readable label for a field name.
'Document add to preselected folder'.
'Try to get system information about this machine, release, and processor.
'Get equation for polar azimuth.'.
'Calling str type with str value.'.
'Return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns. DCNL Each object in
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Sort the resources in the tree of nodes by method.
'Return a JSON string containing a push attribute for the given context.'.
'Return True iff is a literal float, False otherwise.
'Generate a random string/key of length l DCNL :param l: number
'Make sure keys and values of dict are unicode.
'statements : statement'.
'Account delete'.
'Setup RRV devices.'.
'Returns True if string_ip is an IPv6 address.'.
'Decorate ``f`` with an outplace clip.
' repr of expression DCNL Parameters DCNL expr : object DCNL expr
'Test that saved roles are serialized.'.
'Makes a datetime aware of *dt* with the given timezone.
'Like wsgiref.url.request_uri, except eliminates :
'Get the entropy partition of the inputs based on the DCNL attribute of the inputs
'Returns minimum of nodes in nodes_explored which have node n DCNL
'ReLU activation function'.
'Apply a palette to an image.
'Temporarily change effective effective uid for a user.
'Get vmstat information.'.
'Migrate legacy, initial, initial, initial, and final files'.
'Load a dataset. DCNL If use_test_set is true, the
'Parses XML file by a given handler'.
'Decodes a string into a tuple of strings.'.
'This function is deprecated.'.
'Looks to see if apcaccess is present on the system'.
'Calculate torrent hash for given link.
'Removes files or symlinks to the given path.'.
'Get the stroke radius.'.
'Return triangle with spherical coordinates defined by l1 and d.'.
'Get the info about an account.
'Serializes a L{ControlAMP} agent. DCNL.
'Prints a message to stderr and exits.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Evaluate fraction decomposition of expression DCNL Examples DCNL >>> from sympy.
'Return the value of MAKEOPTS variable in the make.conf DCNL Return
'Copy a file or a directory tree.
'Return allreservations for the given resources and their expiration.
'Only supported on Solaris-like systems'.
'Convert PIL Image to Numeric array.
'Return an iterable over all possible indices of a given shape.
'Determines if a string is a plural, i.e.
'Return state name of the given name.'.
'A helper function to configure the inline support for a given shell DCNL :param
'yaml: string DCNL A string metadata. DCNL :arg str name
'Set up logging for the product.'.
'Test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1D model.'.
'Wrapper around fopen for Python 2.
'Return true if the object is a class. DCNL Class objects provide these attributes
'The default backup complete handler. DCNL :param mapreduce_state: mapreduce state
'Unsigned Short'.
'Simple test showing how to create a PDF file from DCNL PML Source String
'Single Growl notification DCNL Simple notification function'.
'Clean up metric module.'.
'Returns whether the file already exists DCNL :param package: The name of the
'Copy node location of old_node to new_node.
'Plot evoked data.'.
'Convert a hash dict into a dictionary of values. DCNL :param hash_
'Compute the zeros of the Campos polynomial.
'Convert text into a DNS rdata type value. DCNL.
'Initialize the module with the latest configuration.'.
'Toggle options when click on list of options.'.
'Get system memory usage in bytes'.
'Generator DCNL >>> _product([1, 2, 3]) DCNL [1, 2, 3
'Get path with overhangs removed or filled in.'.
'Returns (basic conversion) HTML unescaped value DCNL >>> htmlunescape(\
'Return a version of `` pkt`` with all fields mutable.
'Add external account to user'.
'Determine what changes need to be shippable based on the arguments.'.
'Return a list of mailcap files found in the environment.'.
'Generate a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) pairs.
'Generates and executes an convergence plan for all changed items DCNL :param
'yaml: job-log-logger DCNL Trigger a job when job logs to
'Check all checks on an estimator.
'Login using SSL.'.
'Return the argument unchanged.'.
'Returns a dictionary with details of a user\'s profile.
'Read the version number out of a file.'.
'Check that we have a enough number of seconds, to be at least one valid DC
'Unittest runner'.
'Return a response for the given generator using the given format.
'specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier'.
'Map volume to a single host.'.
'Returns the unicode representation of the supplied Unicode object.'.
'Traverse a generic graph defined by a function that returns a dictionary of DCNL
'Write the gif to the file fp with the images and durations.
'Returns the numeric part of the string, if it is a numeric part, DCN
' old_name is the name of the old property; if it is present, the
'Add the closed xml tag.'.
'Return information on volumes mounted on this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Encode the header `key` and `pdict` into a string.
'optstep : step_optstep COMMA step_opt DCNL | step'.
'Check when datetime is multiplied by 6 days (e.g.
'Return a range of datetime.date objects in the given range.
'Returns the list of all seqs in the fasta filepath DCNL input_fast
'The X509_NAME created will not be gc\'d.
'Force power down a service.'.
'Find and return an object by name, namespace, or default'.
'Get partitions from a disk path'.
'Returns the value corresponding to acategory label int.
'convert integer into a string of numeral and exit value'.
'Converts all of the commands in dispatch_list into a valid yaml string.'.
'Bernoulli samples multiobjective function. DCNL This function is
'Setup telldus live component.'.
'Setup logging for netlog'.
'Simple view that just returns a simple view'.
'Generate a simple dataset.
'Return a new local dict.
'Computes covariance. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of
'Uninstall an editable package and then uninstall it'.
'Reorder the elements of l so that the smallest element is less than the largest.
'TODO docs.'.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.
'Method to decode streams using the JPEG2000 standard (NOT IMPLEMENTED YET)
'Get the cache key for an account/container/object pair.
'Outputs the contents of the block if the two arguments equal each other.
'Decorator for benchmarks that delay thedenial flag to be set to True.
'Updates device metadata.'.
'Return a tuple of vertices, ys given xmin and xs and ys. DCNL
'Change the default group of the user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get equated paths.'.
'Return the details on an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check that we can transform a given pytpm from a Kelvin to a
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return task flow for converting images to different formats.
'Get the number of hosts. DCNL :param exclude_only_if_
'For a given string, return the translated field value'.
'Compute the softmax function.
'Locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name, along DCN
'Run a command. DCNL :param str command: The name of the command
'Create a vlan network interface.'.
'Returns a dict representing the course enrollment info for the given course.'.
'Build a URL string for an endpoint.
'Select a command. DCNL :param corrected_commands: The list of corrected
'Test creating a new bundle.'.
'Strongly inspired from idlelib.ColorDelegator.make_pat'.
'Return a list of all registered factory modules'.
'Encodes a sequence of bytes to a UTF-8 string DCNL Args: DC
'An expression may be a function variable.
'Generate a hash that can be used as an application id.'.
'Return QApplication instance'.
'Returns list of event source facts. DCNL :param client: AWS API client
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return information about a service certificate DC
'Handle the return value of an operation.
'User can logout'.
'Return a HMAC-SHA1 signature for the given secret.'.
'Extracts or updates from a tar.'.
'Get the current line number of the given node.
'Convert integer to log level, e.g.
'Emit analytics events after saving the user.'.
'Pack a L{IException} message into a L{IException} and a
'Get the evaluated expression value.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Set the keyboard layout on the minion DCNL layout DCNL The keyboard
'Create a DataFrame representing the total totals for a Series/Index DCNL Parameters DC
'Apply \'in\' to an item in a list.
'Returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument'.
'Tells if the target is newer than the source.
'Get all instances belonging to a host and a node.'.
'Migrate site configuration settings to match configured backends.'.
'If the settings. signing_server_active is set to True, then returns the
'Computes a ratio of the two strings, ignoring DCNL non-ascii
'Waits for the VBL to finish.
'Compute a fingerprint for a list of files.
'Return the path of a device.'.
'Takes a list of tasks and sorts them by name.
'Checks if a field is solenoidal.
'SaleSource edit'.
'Returns the target URL for the given URL, taking into account any DCNL special
'If all the auth settings have been set, return a tuple of DCNL (
'Setup the console logging handler'.
'Try to get the current URL as a string, and if we get DCNL
'Read the last log event from btmp and return information on the logins DCN
'Returns True if the source is a flat nested list. DCNL >>> is_
'Get the interfaces. DCNL interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the Windows-configured timezone.'.
'Checks whether user can add translation for given project.'.
'Test that pydotprint uses the given profile.'.
'Convert the Numba type to the Numba type for integer types.'.
'Takes a list of dicts and sorts them in ascending order.
'Return the rate when to click through a given set of impressions.'.
' snapshot a repository. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Test the equality conditionset equality test.'.
'Check if DNS support is enabled on the given bucket.'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.'.
'Stop logging for a trail DCNL Returns {started: true} if the trail
'Return etc_hosts information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Internal tag stripping utility used by strip_tags.'.
'Flags an object. Confirmation on GET, action on POST. DCNL Templates
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Extract the widget content from the given content'.
'Set the given properties on an computeNode and update it.
'Check that the user has permission to access the group repository.
'Entry point for the script that runs on a network device.'.
'Return the unicode representation of \'s\', \'encoding\', or \
'create a new scratch view and paste text content DCNL :param window: The
'Allocate/release EIP (classic)'.
'Hacky way to adjust delay matches.'.
'Create a new app directory.
'find(text, pat) -> open file DCNL Return A list of matches
'Return the user we\'re running in'.
'Get the untildot of text, if any.'.
'Awards the course badge to the user if they have completed.'.
'.. warning:: DCNL This function is **deprecated** and will be removed in
'Return System information for DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Enable a service.'.
'Return a model field name suitable for use in templates.'.
'Skip a fixed64 value.
'Add a request to the queue.'.
' target_dicts is a list of target_dicts that should be included DCNL
'Validate a list of tokens.
'Disallow \'LOG.warn(\' DCNL https://bugs.launch
'Gets the email for a user_id from UserSettings'.
'Read 32bit integer from bti file.'.
'Return whether we are running in Travis.
'Hook that is ran when old API name is used.
'Given an input string, returns an HTML fragment as a string.
'Decode a text string in the form of: DCNL \'<attr name
'Retrieve a bucket given a bucket ID'.
'List all available package upgrades on a specified minion'.
'Generates a ctypes function that returns a double value.'.
'Python 2.7 adds a total_seconds method to timedelta objects.
'List all IAM instance profiles, starting at the optional path.
'Converts an array to a theano constant with dtype ``theano.config.
'Queues an opt-in email (i.e., a confirmation that the email DC
'Return a iterator of nodes of a XML document'.
'Redirect to asset/create'.
'Return a string of the given size.'.
'Return a dict of available roles for a user DCNL CLI Examples: DCN
'>>> get_text_list([\'a\', \'b\',
'Test reading raw edf file.'.
'Clears all artifacts for a given version.'.
'If two axes are equal, raise a ValueError.
'Setup the NetAtmo cameras.'.
'Check if this was an apphook'.
'Return a JSON object with the validation failed'.
'Convert a scalar to a numpy array.
'Issue a warning. DCNL Args: DCNL msg (str): The
'Initialize InfluxDB.'.
'Yields hosts that are readable by poll().'.
'Get new state file name for zone.'.
'Encrypts `in_stream` with `out_stream` using the specified mode
'Return a dict describing the revision.
'Load a module and retrieve a reference to that module.'.
'Tests retrieving multiple objects using the API.'.
'Makes a lex node from the given list of symbols.
'<phrase> - gets a newegg with <phrase>'.
'A method to update the location tree for a request DCNL.
'Log an informational message with severity \'debug\' on the stack.'.
'Given a path to a Python source file, load it and return the DCNL
'Returns a bytestring version of \'s\', encoded as specified in \'
'Checks that a hashed passphrase has the same algorithm as the hashed DCNL passphrase (
'Retrieve all meta-schema schemas. DCNL GET DCNL html: get
'Generate an icinga2 certificate.
'Given a url with authentication components, extract them into a tuple of DCNL username
'Changes the encryption key of a blob.
'Load the records for each customer in the database using ORM.'.
'Print a list of artists'.
'Populate the global configuration dictionary.'.
'Delete a topic. DCNL :param uid: the id of the topic to
'Call this to install the JupyterHub kernel, and register everything that\'s DCN
'Returns a list of all the cliques of the graph. DCNL Parameters DC
'Return the Hub matrix.'.
'Runs [CherryPy][cp] WSGI server hosting WSGI app `func`.
'Loads all registered account types.
'Get masked string.'.
'Doesn\'t start with whitespace, that doesn\'t break anything.
'Decrypts and decrypts the provided encoded data using the key specified. DCN
'Iterate over all tests under `names` DCNL Parameters DCNL names
'Clear a specific feature.
'Validate and return the queue list DCNL :param queue_list: The name
'Parse the first YAML document in a stream DCNL and produce the corresponding Python object
'Deletes justified issues from the account.'.
'Return the directory containing installed Python header files.
'initializer : LBRACE initializer_list RBRACE DCNL | LBRA
'Run ``f`` with the absolute absolute absolute path to the database.'.
'Clear all caches. DCNL Clear the default cache. DCNL Clear the
'Delete a server:port member of a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Download file from `url` to `local_filename`.'.
'Removes leading \'default\' from the given arg and returns it.
'Deletes the specified port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating DCNL point number.
'Check consul for all networks DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if a module can be imported.'.
'scan for available ports.
'Returns true the line just read is the first line of its file, DCNL
'Find the differences between two files.'.
'Prints the current line number in the current frame.'.
'Convert the given format to ASCII format.
'Extracts the name variations of the given name from the first name, DCNL
'Flips the coin flip by a random amount.'.
'Returns the date in UTC of a message, given the headers and the DCNL
'Looks to see if pkgin is present on the system'.
'Close the session object for this request.'.
'Extract all keywords from a list of keywords DCNL :param split_text:
'tv <series> -- Get last episode of <series>.'.
'Helper to check a local file exists.'.
'return columns based on filters'.
'Ensure that the firewall is disabled.
'Provide information about the versions of salt DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Clean up test files.'.
'Capture the output of sys.stdout: DCNL with captured_stdout() as
'Checks whether the given object is a bucket.
'Run statement under profiler, supplying your own globals and locals, DCNL optionally
'Translates a locale name to a language name.
'Invalidate that a module is not imported from a starred import DCNL This
'Convert an IRI to a URI.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Check for differences in the files.'.
'Gets the events for a stack.'.
'Return the IP address of current host'.
'Serialize an object to a pickled string.
'Returns True if all lettuce apps in settings have been configured.'.
'tobytes(u"URL") --> \'URL\'.
'Truncates a string to a repeatable mangled version'.
'Finds a missing edge in the graph.
'Create the sum of probabilities for two random samples.'.
'Scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data DCNL It is assumed that
'Loads user info using social auth.'.
'Register API routes. DCNL :param application: Flask application DCNL :
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL model
'Determines what attributes are unknown for the given path.
'Delete a repo from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a match dict to a tuple of keys that were logged DCNL in the
'Function to return if host is SmartOS (Illumos) and not the
'Check if a given app is installed.'.
'Return a current distribution object for a Requirement or string'.
'Test whether a path is a mount point with raw data.
'Remove an existing site.
'Validate the state into a uri, token, and user id.
'List all known packages in repos'.
'Return True if `path` should be included with `include_patterns`'.
'Require an RPM package to be uninstalled.
'List volumes belonging to a blockdevice. DCNL :param api: The
'Validate the parameters of `node` and `fields`.'.
'Logs the user out.'.
'Return correct command'.
'Read a chunk of data from a file object into a list. DCNL :
'get chimeras from nast-aligned fasta file DCNL seqs_
'Ensures that the reference to the device is valid.'.
'Get a summary of the exit survey results for the specified survey.'.
'Transform the given (2- or 3-letter) language code to a human readable DCN
'Encode the input, returning a tuple (output object, length consumed).
'Check if path is a directory and has setup.py or setup.py DCN
'Returns the set of all available distributions for the flocker source DCNL path
'This gives admins the ability to unban a user.
'Get a single version of a module.'.
'Get the cubic path by begin and end.'.
'Extract the lift parameters from each loop and convert to a list of DCNL
'Get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd.'.
'Get the creation date of an account.
'True if the currently logged-in user has a global language set in the DCN
' overlap_slices shouldn\'t raise ValueError when mode is unknown.'.
'Check the contents of an HTML file.
'Set a key/value pair in a keyring service'.
'Normalize path, eliminating double slashes, etc.'.
'.results <poll> - gets a poll\'s results.'.
'Add friend to user DCNL :param username: username of user DCNL
'Restores an integer flag.'.
'Test empty history object.'.
'Returns a group members.
'Return a chunk of data from a formset.
'get current user'.
'Returns a set of used LUN IDs for specified LUNs. DCNL
'Returns the sharing strategy.'.
'Compute division of ``f`` and ``g`` in ``GF(p
'moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using method DCNL of moments,
'Return the current git changeset timestamp. DCNL >>> get_git_changes
'Expands the hierarchy metadata to contain the only metadata it contains.
'Helper function to create a Variable with a weight initializer. DCNL Args: DC
'return the status for a monit service name'.
'Initialize a database. This will ensure the DB is ready for the current thread.'.
'Shows the status flags for an addon.'.
'Sends a message to a recipient list, using the \'from_email\'
'Read interfaces that are scheduled to be created using the ifcfg script.
'Asserts the text of the first element matching the specified DCNL path matches the
'Simple view that doesn\'t exist, but returns a blank page'.
'If the environment variable W3AF_PROFILING is set to 1, then we
'Grant a privilege on a database from a user.
'Toggle fullscreen status. DCNL.
'Send compute.instance.update notification to report changes if there DCNL are any
'Find all domain config files in the specified directory'.
'statement : expression'.
'Create a thread. DCNL Arguments: DCNL request: The django request
'Analyzes the request to find what language the user wants the system to DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Convert a list of (name, value) pairs to (name, value) pairs
'Only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion.'.
'Generate the index page'.
'Get the number of votes for an object.
'Bind a floating IP to a device DCNL :param floating_ip: IP
'Initialize a new Ansible inventory from a local dict'.
'S: s is 1d, phi is 1d, derphi is 1d
'Return a pair (x,y,width,height) where x and y are
'When Scenario.from_string ignores comments on examples, the scenario outlines are ignored
'Move up or down the stack (for the py-up/py-down command
'Create a new class.
'Build a suite for the management tests.'.
'Return a minion id for the currently running minion.'.
'Convert a list of name-value pairs to a dictionary. DCNL :param
'Tries to find a potential socket file on the current platform.
'Return a cleaned up version of the environment with some of the environment variables DCNL
'Create a ``zfs.StoragePool``. DCNL :param reactor:
'Extract a string from the given buffer starting at start_idx.
'Return a random id.'.
'Return index of minimum value along an axis.
'Apply ``func`` to an expression, only if it\'s not DCN
'Return the current request instance.'.
'run dialect-specific conversion functions from behave andcucumber JSON.'.
'Chaining of linear convolution.'.
'If the custom authentication tool is enabled, add it to the response'.
'Generate a non overlapping coincidence matrix.
'Puts thread to sleep, checking this threads exit_flag twice a second.
'AlreadyRunningError is raised if the course is already running.'.
'A view that is login and complete view'.
'Reshapes the input array so that it is the same shape as the DCN
'Removes line ending characters and returns a tuple (`stripped_line`, DC
'Returns a shared array allocated from shared memory'.
'Write a string tag to a fif file.'.
'Batched INSERT statements via the ORM "bulk", using dictionaries.'.
'Find a 3D point matrix that maps points1 onto points2.
'Apply the requested highstate modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print status information, headers and stdout.'.
'Removes a tenant from the flavor access list.'.
' hide a traceback\'s frame and all its globals'.
'Validate the configuration and return a ASUS-WRT scanner.'.
'Show a list of themes that are flagged or rereview.'.
'Generate randomly sampled indices.'.
'Given a patch to a message, return (a, diff, version) DCN
'Evaluate model.'.
'Extract all time elements from a string DCNL :param results_string: a
'Gets a neighbor configuration for given ip address if it exists, DCNL otherwise
'Adds extra resources to the template context that are used to edit DCNL the
'Returns the list of (i, o) variables indexed by i and o. DC
'Return True if text has mixed EOL characters'.
'Get parameters from an HTTP request ensuring proper handling UTF-8 DCNL encoding.
'Returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed.
'Insert twist portions and radian the twist.'.
'Tests that the three random numbers are equal.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid global'.
'Generates polynomial of degree `n` in `x`.'.
'Return the list of active shells DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test access to bloom access.'.
'Output connections between all the switches'.
'Lock the password of the named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Some platforms (particularly Gentoo on x64) put things in lib64/
'Get rectangular grid.'.
' converter between filenames. DCNL :param filename: The filename to convert DCN
'Iterate over all the modules in a directory.'.
'Search the given device for the specified integer property DCNL.
'Get ELB template. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCN
'generic mode setting function'.
'Return Volume or None'.
'Bootstraps the current process.
'Uninstall one or several pecl extensions.
'Override the default system resolver.
'check a comma-separated value DCNL return the stripped value'.
' online_map() -> [ cpus] DCNL Return a list of cpus in
'Set all module\' __file__ attribute to an absolute path'.
'preorder the list'.
'Split delete chunks into (start, end) tuple. DCNL >>> split_
'Determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text.'.
'Convenience function to create a small push directory with the specified contents.'.
'Return [\'a\', random,, \'b\', \'c
'Get a Cloud server image by ID or name'.
'Finds a shard chooser from an instance of weatherLocation.'.
'Encode certificate in base64-encoded JOSE format.'.
'The view that show details of a map'.
'Unittest runner'.
'Persist a user id and a backend in the request.
'Generate a Nginx configuration object.'.
'Return a boolean of whether the given values are not equal.
'Return the norm of a vector `a`.
'Wait for the file to bescrubed DCNL :param path: File
'Attempt to set AWS secret key from script, else core-site, else None.
'Returns a tuple of validation set from given train and validation set.'.
'Takes a string and returns a template or a dictionary.'.
'Print a list of all documents tags'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous DCNL type'.
'Sends a robots.txt.'.
'Set the *x* axis label of the current axis to *s*.
'if_stmt : if_stmt DCNL | if_stmt'.
'Calculate the square root of a list of values.
'Tells you that you have a female backsprite, that you want it
'Ensure tool output is valid.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Replace substitution symbols by random values DCNL >>> from sympy import symbol DCNL
'Scan a gallery configuration file for all of the functions that we use in DCNL
'Returns the ssh configuration for a given host or dummy host.
'Shows the About page.'.
'Check that all extension attributes of a class are consistent.
'Remove one or more packages.
'Return locale information'.
'Creates an image document'.
'Clear the database environment (if applicable).'.
'Checks whether user can change dictionary for given project.'.
'Makes a clip symmetric with respect to the clip\'s time DCNL :
'Clean up database content.'.
'a pre-hook for the base class'.
'Parse a delta date into datetime.timedelta or DCNL datetime.timedelta objects.
'Format the output of a master command.'.
'Test plotting dipole locations'.
'Train model. DCNL Parameters DCNL total_loss: int DCN
'Given a candidate AlbumInfo object, attempt to add the candidate DCNL to the
'command : DIM'.
'Given a list of matches, create a list of suggestions for those that DCNL
'Read a requirements file in a conda compatible format DCNL :param path: The
'Add a query manager for a timeframed model.
'Get all packages installed on the system.
'Create the rules config file.'.
'Fixture to delete a pattern that uses the locmemcache backend.'.
'run pylint'.
'Common logic for lxc.run functions DCNL name DCNL container name
'Read host data from file'.
'Create a X509 certificate and key pair.'.
'Try to determine current git revision.
'Returns the content of a file.
'Return the script deployment object'.
'Return a dictionary of (lat,lon) => (lat,lon)'.
'Return True if path is blacklisted by some of the tests, false otherwise.'.
'Prints the query results in a pretty way.'.
'Convert a single character to a special symbol.'.
'Return A string to be used in exclude mode.'.
'Return the URL for the resource provider.'.
'Change the gid for a named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the current line number in our program.
'Returns a list of all indices for the current app.
'Create a symmetric log locator with 5 subs, and change it to something else.
'Recurse through a sequence of test cases, applying a test function DCNL to
'Runs a WSGI-compatible function using FCGI, SCGI, or a simple web
'Normalize network facts DCNL Args: DCNL metadata (dict): provider metadata
'alternate read & seek 1000 units'.
'Given a valid config, create a topic rule.
'Doing the actual setup for third party authentication, usually useful when DCNL `
'split a list of closed issues into non-PR Issues and Pull Requests'.
'evaluate the standard expression ``op(a, b)``.'.
'Return the value of a constant.
'Check a --quality check using --alt-checker.'.
'Get the complex polygon by start and end angle.'.
'Parse the events in the given register DCNL Return a dict if: DCN
'Add a task to the queue.
'Test the initialisation of the object'.
'Returns True if `obj` is a scalar, DCNL otherwise returns False'.
'Plot a cost plot.
'Return a html string with the traceback of the given error.'.
'Return a blockmatrix where each block is two blocks.'.
'Skip the test and wait for JS to be skipped.'.
'Try to create a store_fs by pootle_path and pootle
'Discard cache entries that are longer than the limit specified by the DCNL "
'Test freezing a package with an editable install.'.
'Perform any pre-save check related to the instance.'.
'Set attribute value, but only if it\'s not already set.
'Generates a color with saturation and optional hue'.
'Apply a rule down a tree - stop on success.'.
'Check server is responding. DCNL :param host: http_client.HTTP
'Determine whether a character is disallowed (e.g.
'Parses a text and returns a list of (from, to) words.
'Scale each columns of a sparse matrix by the corresponding element of a DCNL dense
'Checks to make sure that the last column in a table matches the DCNL expected
'Return the last access time of a file, reported by os.stat().'.
'Parse the output from a template into a dictionary. DCNL :param output:
'Get S3A access key DCNLcnf_s3a_access
'If other is a DatetimeIndex, attempt to convert it to an I8 array.
'Show the standard icons and exit.'.
'List all topics. DCNL :param max_results: The number of topics
'Convert rabbitmqctl output to a list of strings (as returned by the DCN
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Loads a stored item `path` from `cache` with `item`.'.
'Build all resources.'.
'<user> - gets the user that matches <user> in the sound cloud.'.
'Handle not found URLs DCNL Templates: :template:`404.html`
'Deletes the specified IPsecPolicy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h)'.
'Draw landmarks in image DCNL Parameters DCNL im : image DCN
'Return data to an sqlite3 database'.
'Return the names of all loaded modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Assert that the link to the navigation help page is correct.'.
'Fake version of os.open.'.
'Create a random sentence of specified length.
'Test creating chart data source from array-like dict data.'.
'toggle control register select bit'.
'Returns a list of Eegels for each channel in chs.'.
'Returns configured router.'.
'Return the sqf part of ``f``.
'Elementwise ceil function. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_i
'Check if obj is a file-like object.
'Generate a sequence of (offset, count, coordinate) pairs.
'Checks if a string is a valid IPv4 address. DCNL :rtype
'Write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge gcode file, if activate
'Returns a string that can be used as an XML representation of a DCNL object
'Ensures that the current buffer is empty with no content in it.'.
'Drop first n items of a sequence DCNL >>> drop([1, 2, 3]) DC
'Return an environment dict that does not contain coverage information.'.
'Determines if given value is in the range [min_value, max_value
'Limit thermostats DCNL :param bw: DCNL :param cpu
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the docker version as a string, e.g.
'Test classes argument'.
'Download daylight hours for a given lat/lon pair.'.
'Find a track by its MusicBrainz ID.
'Set up the libcloud functions and check for OPENSTACK configurations'.
'Makes the time- mirror.'.
'Return range of autocorrelation for DAC DCNL Parameters DCNL n :
'Return a version of ``path`` that does not exist on the DCNL
'Returns a HttpResponse whose content is filled with the result of calling DCNL django.
'Given a variable\'s candidates, raise a helpful message if any candidates are DCN
'Renders Markdown text to HTML.
'When time zone support is enabled, convert naive datetimes DCNL entered in the current
'Parse a string according to the OnBlog 8-bit date format'.
'Execute the desired PowerShell command and ensure that it returns data DCNL in json
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL - Immediately before
'Converts control characters that aren\'t visible to XML. DCNL :param
'Expose validator tracebacks into HTML.'.
'Get the instrument with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with an
'Kill the named containers.'.
'Convert font size to pixels'.
'Ensure that heliocentric heliocentric bary gives the
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Return the server_and_version part of a version_id without the DCN
'Remove spurious records from GeoNode DB'.
'CM REJECT REQUEST Section 9.2.2'.
'Create the network.'.
'Returns a list of choices given a choices list. DCNL Args: DCN
'Returns an instance of the appropriate rest api client based on `api_config` and
'The email addresses will be canonicalized by adding an email address DCNL to the
'Initialize the module as necessary.'.
'A level label has to be associated with a level label.
'Create an image from multiple files.
'Verify that the password is a cleartext password with the cleartext password DC
'Get new repository.'.
'Output a header with dash and length of n in dash.'.
'Return the current language currently active in the current thread.
'Escape the given string for use in an LDAP connection.'.
'Start watching a locale for revisions ready for review.'.
'Get directory of ROS environment.
'Tests units are stored and sync\'ed.'.
'Helper function to check the status of a service in rc file DCNL name DC
'A simple view that just returns a string'.
'Converts a value into a unicode string.
'Like ``which_files`` but returns the first file which matches the given DC
'Run a list of commands in parallel DCNL :param commands: List of commands
'support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs'.
'Order complex poles. DCNL Parameters DCNL poles : array-
'Pad the given string length to the next block of specified length.'.
'Return True if path is a device path, False otherwise.
'Returns the skewness of the given list of values.
'Validates the current working directory.
'Convert a slice to str. DCNL Parameters DCNL key : str DC
'Test that the plugin only displays visible categories DCNL with show_all().'.
'Format an IP address with brackets.'.
'Finds a bootable volume by ID or name'.
'Return a symbolic column variable.
'Create autostart script which will run in a batch mode.'.
'Convert Home Assistant temperature units to percentage.'.
'Extract configuration parameters from documentation.'.
'Generate random split features. DCNL Args: DCNL features: list of
'Generate a dictionary of related topics to their neighbors. DCNL Args: DCN
'Check number of fields returned on a search query.
'Expands links in dimension metadata to create a list of links. DCNL :
'A numeric or string subscript'.
'Extract information from stderr of a bootstrap log.
'Encode a base64-encoded string using the "modern" Python interface DCNL
'Notify a list_member_added event'.
'Test to ensure that hide and hide_supp functions properly'.
'Connect to server and upload files. DCNL :see:: FileUploadClient'.
'Test that the separation operator gives the same results as the other solution in DCNL
'Creates a HTTP request.
'Clears the database for each scenario.'.
'Consume the iterator at most n items.'.
'Get the global configuration for the demo DCNL Args: DCNL global_
'Check roundtrip behavior for Mac OS images.
'reboots the managed server.
'Check if a user exists in __context__ DCNL :param name: DC
'Create an elementtree from a byte string or file-like object.
'Validate the throttle parameter.'.
'Format a progress line with the given parameters and return the most recent DCNL status
'Aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect, depending on DCNL
'Setup Tellstick devices.'.
'Create a backup in the DB.'.
'Get the arc distance.'.
'Grab image.'.
'Deprecated since os. popen() is deprecated in favor of :func:`os.
'Returns default values of the object.'.
'Gets a list of exploration summary domain objects, keyed by their id.
'Creates a client for working with cloud providers.'.
'Helper function to print a deprecation warning.'.
':type args: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type container_id: str DCN
'json-compatible wrapper around dumps().'.
'Convert mode to \'ndimage\' for consumption by Numba.'.
'Write the changes between two tree objects. DCNL :param f: File-
'>>> to_bytestring_tuple((\'a\', \'b\
'Return the output variable that converts the given tensor to the softmax DCNL tensor.
'`[saml] private key` should not contain a comma (`).
'Checks for missing generic folders for the given role.
'Create an XML stream for a componentid DCNL componentid DCNL The
'Encode a name/value pair.'.
'Gets system statistics.
'Updates followers of a user.'.
'parse multi dot-separated argument into dict.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Fast FASTQ to QUAL conversion (PRIVATE).
'Insert or update metadata for the question. DCNL.
'Generate a unique id for a request response.
'Returns a tuple of network interfaces address (v4 and v6), where v4
'Parses HTML page DCNL :param str page: Filename to parse DCN
'Create a user. DCNL name DCNL Name of the user to create
':type path: str DCNL :rtype: str'.
'Check if a module not found (which includes a stack trace)'.
'Assert that two TPs are not duplicates.
'Convert a model\'s parameter array to the corresponding fmin and fmax DCN
'Ticket edit'.
'Analyze a possible generators.'.
'Clear the template info cache.'.
'See :meth:`.ColumnOperators.match`.'.
'Test finding EOG events.'.
'Search for fonts in the specified font directory, or use the DCNL system directories
'Summarize a set of items.
'The main function'.
'Simplify a real or complex algebraic number DCNL Parameters DCN
'Set the factory to be used when instantiating a log record.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Return the relative difference between two strings.
'Test predicate'.
'Helper function for transforming from Topo to sphere.'.
'Converts a string of characters encoded in hex encoding to DCNL a string of
'Get a lexer for a mime type.
'Move forward character.'.
'Returns a default initializer for the logistic regression model.'.
'Decorator to skip test unless one of `commands` is found. DCNL :
'Computes the gradient of the expected energy for a violin plot.
'Return a datetime object from a string in the format YYYYMMDD or DC
'Test that the ask() function works with an infinite number of args and DCNL
'Unzip or unzip an archive'.
'"Test nextitem() when _tmphist raises an IndexError.'.
'Create an event for security attributes.'.
'Returns the list of target files that belong to the given build_file.'.
'Make a square image where the side is the width and the height of the DCN
'Return the absolute version of a path that follows Python\'s convention: DCNL
'Check for changes in the return structure'.
'Joins the host strings together and returns the join string.
'Load the compiler configuration'.
'Utility function to read data from a file. DCNL :param data_path
'Only load the module if getfacl is installed'.
'yaml: label-param DCNL A label parameter.
'simple_two_model_class_class_compose_1d allows for classes with
'Return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or DCNL installation.
'Defines the default inception argument scope.
'Colorize text. DCNL print(text, color=None, on_
'Check whether module possibly uses unsafe-for-zipfile stuff'.
'Returns a filesystem label for the given test case.
'Starts a web server.'.
'Iterate over the entry points for a namespace DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Extracts the filters from the dict "data" attribute. DCNL Returns a
'Format a node text.'.
'Binary crossentropy between the output and target.
'Set up Insteon local light.'.
'Calculates the logistic function of the given value.'.
'_shell_wrap() escapes command if shell=True'.
'Return the data for the mine, if the mine function is available.'.
'run bootstrap for estimation of distribution parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL sample :
'Test that Configures output shape via reshape.'.
'Returns a sample for the given collection type. DCNL :param collection_type
'Get all mdadm devices DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the form of the breadcrumbs page, given the root_name of the
'Reads a random integer of approximately nbits bits rounded up DCNL to whole bytes
'Loads settings file and returns a dictionary.'.
'Returns an individual that does the best on the fitness cases when DCNL considered one
'OS-specific conversion to absolute path DCNL :param path: The path to
'Convert ``value`` to a number according to ``t``.
'Reloadebs volume state. DCNL :param volume: EBS volume to
'Get the media that will be used by the media_player. DCNL.
'Fetches an instance of a model by its primary key.
'Set up a cluster DCNL nodes DCNL a list of nodes DCN
'Boto headers callback. DCNL.
'Delete a column (or columns) from a grid.
'Scan the plugins config files and add them to the dictionary.'.
'Gets the user settings for a given username.
'Comb a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Check for invalid qos_spec_combination.'.
'This is a utility function used by _generate_a_ind DCNL to
'Check for bare except. DCNL bare_except("a b cd\')
'Return the value of the most frequent one in array. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Add version of Zinnia to the context.'.
'Test start with a custom system environment.'.
'Returns a list of files that are conflicts with one of the requirements'.
'Compare contents of two arrays.
'Load a history file. DCNL Parameters DCNL handle : file handle DC
'Write the string `text` as an RGB(A, B, C) color
'silence sys.stdout and sys.stderr.'.
'Test PackageFinder prefers Nonegg-over-eggfragments'.
'Update the rc params with the original defaults.'.
'Convert text to markdown DCNL :param value: DCNL :type extensions
'Checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air-
' digest auth'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'Retrieve libvlc-compiler. DCNL Example: "aa9bce0bc
':param lemmas: dictionary[str] DCNL :param lemmas
'Handle the help section of a program.'.
'Compute the square of a polynomial ``p1`` with all coefficients modulo ``p
'Get a lumseries (lumlevels, winsize, gamma) from the
'Generate spans as a list of spans, then extend the spans list with information from DC
'Return true if the port is already listeninged for updates. DCNL :param
'FileLinks: Calling display.filelinks with a different name'.
'Step 1a handles -ed and -ing suffixes (or -ingly and -
'Ask for a filename and return the file or None'.
'Test requote_uri with unquoted percents.'.
'helper function to get metrics'.
'initialise module'.
'Get convex polygon with overhangs removed.'.
'Check for \'TODO()\'. DCNL cinder HACKING guide
'Create an image tag.'.
'Find files in subjects_dir that contain a given subject.'.
'Returns a human-readable name for a task.
'Decode a BSON document to a Python dictionary.'.
'Notify a favorite event'.
'Helper function to filter a list of dictionaries by a given key.'.
'Add the supplied value to the list of matches.'.
'Bessel filter with given cutoff, order, and dt.
'Check if we are connected to a non-master node.
'Reboot a DRAC DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'expression_opt : empty'.
'Format the \'allowed\' section of a ports config value into a dict'.
'Checks whether user can lock given project.'.
'Setup Insteon local switch.'.
'Convert a datetime object to a W3Ctf formatted name.'.
'Return a list of top-level images from a dictionary of images DCNL optionally
'Test \'pip wheel\' fails when the previous build dir has a DCNL
'An ast.Name(name, ast.Store()]) -> name DCNL
'Delete the given extra specs item.'.
'Parse a Content-type like header.
'Step that always fails, mostly needed in examples.'.
'Return the list of installed Python packages.'.
'Returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user DCNL
'Compute nt complex zeros of sine Fresnel integral S(z).
'Update the Glance metadata from a volume (created from a snapshot) by DCN
'direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator LPAREN
'Verify that all arguments passed in are valid Python paths.
'Internal, removes an interface from a bridge'.
'Push a topic to a subscription.'.
'Return True if name is a tar file, False otherwise.'.
'Test Maxwell filter SNR and SSS files.'.
'Send email to user when their changes are email DCNL :param old_email
'Check to see if device already exists.
':param series_id: episode_id of the series DCNL :param episode
'Test basic rotation objects'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Check if the schema_file is
'Hyperbolic sin/cos of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of
'Get a location for the config file.'.
'Recursively decodes all unicode strings in an object.
'Yield all services for the instance specified. DCNL :param instance_id:
'Check all source files in C{paths}. DCNL.
'Test GPU version of inc_subtensor on vectors (uses GpuAdvancedIncSub
'Convert x, y coordinates to x, y.'.
'Get the outer loops.'.
'Test aws_keys_from_env. DCNL This function tests to ensure
'Only load if OpenSSL is installed'.
'Parses link id from xml element'.
'Convert binary buffer to human readable binary representation.'.
'List the files that belong to a package.
'Annotate the clip with a custom text color.'.
'Return the get_context() method of a model.
'Fetch image from glance based on image type. DCNL Returns: A single filename
'ReLU activation function'.
'Returns language dictionary for given object type.
'Guess the correct type for a given field.'.
'Initialize the bind completion model.'.
'Returns the path of the SSL certificate file, None if it doesn\'t exist or
'Return a colormap DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DCNL Spec
'Return the certificate bundle associated with a ca_name DCNL ca_name DC
' derive id from path.'.
'View that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a DCNL
'Finds a review request matching the specified review request ID.
'Given the output of `html_bytes` of a "resource_manager" request
'Create the CTF compensator with a set of coils.'.
'Replaces all newlines with single line breaks.'.
'Supports the command-line arguments listed below.'.
'Converts an integer to a sequence of bytes.
'Save profiling information (if available)'.
'Performs linkage on the condensed distance matrix ``y`` DCNL
'Ensure that the named mode is set in the system.
'Extract lines starting with the given name from the list of lines'.
'Language: RU -> Feature.from_string'.
'Display a list of messages.'.
'Verify that entry_points map is parseable'.
'Test cloning from svn.'.
'Record the first event for the organization onboard.'.
'Add a file handler to the default logger.'.
'Returns a list of the DROP TABLE SQL, then the CREATE TABLE SQL, for the
'Join path tokens together similar to os.path.join, but always use relative paths
'fork a worker'.
'Rename a process, returning True if the process succeeded.'.
'Initialize a database. DCNL Args: DCNL schema ( dynamodb-
'Unzip a file to a directory DCNL :param archive: Path to the
'Writes the contents of a file to a user\'s incrontab DCNL CLI
'Convert the output of an HDF5 act file to a list of layer data.'.
'Output the graph for HTML.
'Converts a Date object to a formatted date in YYYYMMDD format.
'Utility function to convert a count to the cumulative distribution. DCNL Args: DC
'Install ssl options.'.
'A fixture to provide access to the cache singleton.'.
'Log exception callback.'.
'Decode character string in the Series/Index using indicated encoding.
'Gets the content of a file; it may be a filename, file: URL
'Set the enterprise URL for the test.'.
'Returns True if the argument is an int or long type.'.
'Convert a row of data (deg) to a polynomial.
'Convert a string to utf-8 if it isn\'t already.
'Return a dict of all available VM sizes on the cloud provider with DCNL relevant
'Decode an RFC 2231.
'Delete qos_specs. DCNL :param qos_specs_id: The
'Unzip file from zip file'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Add basic command line options to a OptionParser.'.
'Language: pt-br -> sucess outlines colorful'.
'Create HTTPS certificates and sign them with the given certificate.'.
'Create a return url from a query string'.
'Converts path from the local system\'s convention to the canonical.'.
'Converts a Key value to a tuple.
'Default callback function for zipfile.'.
'Return a list of meters by project.
'Accepts a filename and attempts to load the Emacs variable declarations DCNL from
'Get file based on file type, without checking if it was cancelled or not.'.
'Context manager for temporarily setting updates enabled.'.
'Add bottom loop to loops.'.
'Setup the OctoPrint component.'.
'Take a naive datetime.datetime object and return the same DCNL naive datetime.
'Runs a WSGI-function with a FastCGI server.'.
'Return the TP class associated with the given temporalImp string.'.
'Loads images from the MNIST dataset DCNL Parameters DCNL filename
'check to make sure set_linestyle works with a single line style'.
'Expected simple_two_params __doc__'.
'Serialize a sequence of Python objects into a YAML stream.
'A fixture providing a history object.'.
'Delete a draft from the remote backend.'.
'Test the default priors for GnuPy'.
'Deletes the cached URL. DCNL :param url: DCNL :
'Get the active contexts, this will return an empty list if no context is specified.
'Add a square to the pixel list.'.
'Parse arguments for add_value.'.
'Join multiple sorted rows DCNL :param rows: List of tuples to join DC
'Replies all changes. DCNL :return bool:'.
'Collapse a list of IP objects.
'Return version from nftables --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Permission denied (403) handler; redirect to error page).'.
'Simple test to see if the systemd_running_state method works DCNL
'Add public keys to user\'s authorized SSH keys.
'Return a list of all job ids DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checkout a list of files to which this node and user have access to them.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Test generating context.'.
'Check if pyconfig.h has been regenerated'.
'Corrects metrics and other meta information.'.
'No changes to the image properties table from 008...'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with all fields'.
'Issue a warning, if one exists, otherwise do nothing.'.
'Return a shell-escaped version of the string *s*.
'Write merge cell references to xml.'.
'Setup the EnOcean switch platform.'.
'Check if all required modules are installed.
'Validate local site users.'.
'Vectorized version of inverse_inv22.
'Remove any file in filepaths that that that was last modified before mtime. DCN
'Install the Docker plugin.
'Create a DataFrame that has columns in the form: DCNL - [start_
'Read a cache entry. DCNL :param f: File-like object to
'Returns a ``SortedDict`` containing form fields for the given model.
'Expands a dictionary like {\'key\': \'value\', \'
'Return the data on the minion\'s configuration file DCNL CLI Example:
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``addid {
'Builds a traversal spec.'.
'Rate of change ratio: 100'.
'Ensure that the host is peered by name DCNL name DCNL
'create astroid for a living class object'.
'View all the threads.'.
'Raise the appropriate exception based on the value of os.environ.
'Remove a "package" on the ssh server DCNL.
'Get the root directory of the cuckoo repository.'.
'This function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value DCNL
'Sends an email confirmation to user.'.
'Get logical line. DCNL Return (ls, le, original line) for
'Sets ``event`` to be closed when connection is closed.'.
'Check thatpix2sky works.'.
'Add the given paths to the sys.path, inserting them into the DCNL
'Convert a JSON dataset to the native object.
':rtype: list[str], dict[str, str]'.
'Render a template with the best match as the dictionary passed.
'Test sparktext'.
'pitem : STRING'.
'Get all the template fields declared by plugins as a DCNL dictionary.'.
'Validate read preference tags.
'>>> cascaded_cmp_with_partial_constants(a, b)
'Run a single gitfs serve file DCNL ``load`` DCNL
'Change the username for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Allows the user to login via OAuth.'.
'Convert string to unicode DCNL >>> to_unicode(u\'123\')
'Compile multiple source files.
'Generates a temporary example script with the given name.'.
'Ensures that the volume attached to the given instance_uuid DCNL is
'Test if we are running in a dev version 2.'.
'Close the Swift conn object'.
'Read a patch message from a file-like object.
'Get voronoi loop inside outside.'.
'List a launchd service.
'Test validate_path_object.'.
'Helper to get the evennia version.'.
'A task that will run at most i times with a timeout of 1, DCNL
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Don\'t start with a model. DCNL :param doctype: DocType
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9.1.21b'.
'Check that get_locale() returns a valid territory for the language'.
'Show a diff dialog and diff a and b.'.
'Compare two LDAP DN objects.'.
'Ensure an Apache module is disabled.
'Return this platform\'s string for platform-specific distributions DCNL XXX Currently this
'The inverse of fisher-z transform.'.
'Check that classification is correct.'.
'Ensure that a process with the given pid_dir doesn\'t already exist,
'Get statistics about the last week dashboard for a user.
'Return the feedback form'.
'Create a new bookmark collection instance'.
'Test the gradient function.'.
'Send a message to an XMPP recipient DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'X is a N*M matrix DCNL size show each image\'s size
'Create anamqp server that will listen on a port and send a message on
'Open a firewalld service.
'Return True if path is an empty directory.'.
'Returns the URL for the given configuration variable.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether a job is complete or not.'.
'Adds a user to the creator group, checking if the given user has DCN
'Executes the given SQL string and returns the results as a list of DCNL
'Run the command-line interface with the given arguments.'.
'Get the field name from a multi-line data file DCNL Parameters DCN
'Return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr DCNL that
'Launch the \'checkout\' menu.'.
' tag an image DCNL tag an image by name or ID DCNL tag
'Update quotas for a quota class.'.
'Wrapper around _get_object_or_404 to raise a Http404 exception if it
'Return the version of ceph DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Recursively collects the file roots, returning a set of all DCNL root roots
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.
'Test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for DCNL the
'Writes the server password to a shared file.'.
'Test that a script can be installed with a submodule.'.
'Parse usage/unallocated output. DCNL :param raw: where the is
'Mocked version of ``software_secure_post``.
'Encodes a bytearray object from bananaf account. DCNL :param obj
'Lists all of the bridge devices DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the current system user\'s username.
'Split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final DCNL
'Process the xml element.'.
'Detects logos in the file.'.
'Return True if we can connect to the given ip and port.'.
'Aux function.'.
'Remove the Flocker package from Ubuntu.'.
'LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9.2.15a'.
'Return the current process instance.
'Convert an internal (db) id to a glance id.'.
'Load an environment by filename.
'Stream checkmail'.
'Remove all directories below the given `path` DCNL :param path: DC
'Extract allocations from a body and validate with the provided schema.'.
'Returns the Python compiler version as string \'major.minor.patchlevel\' DC
'Return a `.Future` that resolves after `dt`.
'Returns the number of parameter banks for the specified device.
'Displays whether remote events are on or off.
'Get last z value from line block.'.
'Encrypt text with an ssh public key.'.
'Ignore specific headers from all requests.
'Helper to get an abort response.'.
'Signup the specified user with the given email address.'.
'Allows setting thefreq config to be the same as the old, but for DC
'Updates search index for given unit.'.
'Installs all the plugins in the group.'.
'Test GPU version of crossentropy_softmax1hotwithbiasdx.'.
' pwnstallergenerateutilsh(methodsubs) -> string DCNL
'Load the extension in IPython.'.
'Test if a dict contains all keys matching a subset.'.
'This state checks the active log format for the specified server DCNL name DCN
'Convert matplotlib symbol to string. DCNL Args: DCNL mpl_symbol
'Update nomination date when app is pending review.'.
'Logs an error if no Copyright message appears at the top of the file.'.
'Output thread. DCNL :param log: The log message DCNL :
'node2 is a local node, which must be a list of classes DCNL
'Returns a list of fieldsets that can be used to create a review request.
'Return a suitable authorized HTTP object for the given credentials.'.
'Adds ETag to the response if ETag is None.'.
'Fires a job after a specified number of times.
'Partition a dictionary into two parts, based on the keys in keys.
'Return a list of application paths that should be searched for testing'.
'Define _fat_library target.'.
'Makes the active translation object a NullTranslations() instance.
'Converts a list of colors from #255 to #255 DCNL RGB color
'Returns a properly formatted response body according to format.
'returns the lowest score in a list'.
'Create word relationships xml.'.
'Delete a task. DCNL :param str name: Task name DCNL
'Return the size of the entry for the given set type.'.
'Return True if the text has a `ajaxcrawlable` meta.
'Returns a list of schema objects.'.
'Returns a text object representing \'s\' -- unicode on Python 2 and str on
'Return the current session configuration.'.
'Convert to Qemu format name DCNL param fmt: conventional format name'.
'Clean JS assets.'.
'Returns the allowed configuration keys.'.
'Use Windows\'s get_unicode_stream() function to get the unicode stream from
'Sync user\'s email addresses with database.
'Tries to find \'executable\' in the directories listed in \'path\
'Get tags for a node DCNL CLI Examples: DCNL.
'Converts to a wxImage'.
'Invalidates the star import cache item.'.
'Returns the number of available devices.'.
'Verify if a symlink is successfully created on the host system.'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Bump a release.'.
'Helper method to configure allmapper instances that are not already configured.
'Invert an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL image : ndarray DCN
'Verifies that the views are verified and creates a new empty design DCNL file
'Choose number of lines from source. DCNL Args: DCNL source:
'Determine if array is a sparse array.
'Return True if the named service is enabled, false otherwise DCNL CLI Example:
'Displays the list of themes that are applicable to the current user. DCNL
'Update search clickers metric.'.
'Get the size (in bytes) of a block device.'.
' firewall policy, rules and masq.
'Return a unique variable used as a prefix for pattern\'s name.
'Iterate over all modules'.
'Get root device info based on mapping of block devices DCNL :param instance:
'Set \'copyright\' and \'credits\' in __builtin__'.
'Shows the number of unique variable count errors.
'Return extension.'.
'Return True, False, \'True\' or \'\''.
'Given a list of binary values, returns a string corresponding to the binary DCNL
'Returns a mock for descriptor system, which is a proxy to make it DCNL
'Adds one or more CD paths to the set of paths.'.
'Checks for ownership of object to database. DCNL :param request: request
'Convert size specification. DCNL :param si: Service name DCNL :
'Provide bound database metadata for a single test, dropping afterwards.'.
'Set Windows NIC to use DHCP DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return the specific user on this system.
'Get the content-type of the request based on the query parameter.
'Convert a pandas Timestamp into an integer number of microseconds since DCNL the epoch.
'Returns True if the two crypto matrices are equal.'.
'Reads a user choice from the options and stores it in a database.
'Parse a single TCP/IP line and return a dict'.
'Return the \'natural\' generator and \' prime\' prime key of a K
'Return the encryption oracle for the given secret.'.
'Remove the project from the virtualenv'.
'Determine user agent to use.'.
'Rebuild all wiki documents.'.
'Test regression with future times longer than each other.'.
'Return random string of length n.'.
'Setup sudoers for bench'.
'Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise.
'Parse the arguments and run the Jenkins API.'.
'Formats the variable according to the arg, a string formatting specifier.
'Return test data filename'.
'Compute the average weight for each path in the graph.
'If the identifier is from an xmodule, prefer the entry_points from that DC
'Decodes a (thumbnail, base64).'.
'Display the craft dialog.'.
' instrumented task to call the buffer\'s process method in sequence.'.
'Returns a formatted quote from a nick, random or selected by number'.
'Remove deferreds from L{v}. DCNL.
'Test that context config can be used and can be used'.
'Returns list of reverse primers seqs from mapping file DCNL mapping_fp
'Given a language name (e.g.
'<nick|mask> - Paste <nick|mask> with <nick|mask
'Create a string suitable for a Rwx mode.
'When a new database is created, sync the new groups.'.
'Read the type of h in the file pointed to by file.h.
'Create a role (keystone role-create) DCNL CLI Examples: DC
'Check if obj is a file-like object.'.
'Constructs a MLP and uses it to create a Softmax layer DCNL
'Read in all found tellcore devices.'.
'Called after processing a group.
'Log and raise an error with a logical formatted message.'.
'The automatically imported dialect-specific function; if the DCNL dialect is unknown,
'Remove a service. DCNL module: AnsibleModule object DCNL check_id
'Set plugin options.'.
'Get a copy of the loop layer.'.
'fill_with_sample_data. DCNL :param rc_object:
'A helper method for the valuestring of an attribute value.'.
'Convert PNG images to PNG format'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'initialize linter with checkers in this package'.
'Get list of tokens from network device DCNL :param path: path to device
'Modify an existing profile.
'Gets the currently logged-in user for models.
'Backup the app source code from the backups location on the filesystem.
'Add skipped test result to self. skipped.'.
'Context manager for creating a subsystem for use in tests.
'Lock the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a command line to run the test coverage command with DCNL the given
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Get a value from etcd by
'Delete an image property object.'.
'Deletes a logger and removes it from the server.'.
'Remove ansi escape codes from text.
' shapelist operation on a nested list'.
'Check for an SSH connection on the given host.
'Create or update the data directory.
'Attempt to determine if the system is responding for some reason, and then DCNL
'Check to see if the partition exists and is up-to-date.
'Bootstrap the bot with the given logger and config.
'Start a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Migrates tasks that handle delivery of messages.'.
'Make plugin available.'.
'Main Django application loop.'.
'Test using "pip download --implementation" to download a.whl archive DCNL
'Get the maximum distance from a list of paths to an infinite line.'.
'Colorize differences between two strings if color is enabled.
'_getlocation: get the location of the icon for the object.'.
'Show an error message'.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Load fully tracked ORM tables into one big column.'.
'decode a string as IP address DCNL :param s: the string that should
'Grab the job lock and call RunOnce if acquired.
'Return a set of the top ids from segmented topics.'.
'merges two dicts. DCNL Like merge_dict, but returns the new
'Converts an RGB color to hsv format'.
'Wrapper for client_setup_job to be used in test mode.'.
'Test format of config object'.
'Traverse a folder and return a list of paths.
'Drill a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get flavor by flavor id.'.
'Serialize an object to a JSON string.
'Test install from a broken wheel.'.
'Add the named group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return system CPU times as a dict.
'Return details about all (or just one) Elasticache cache clusters.
'TODO: DCNL - we want to use *.py files in the correct
'Checks if the configsanity is valid.'.
'Get and display first 5 resources.'.
'Change password view'.
'Raises an exception if any methods of `plugin_klass` are not found in
'Set the container.'.
'Create a CSR using the given key. DCNL :param key_str
'Returns the OS\'s ID for this system, or None if not found.
'Extract all datasets from all nodes manifestations of the provided deployment. DCNL :
'Warn if dependencies aren\'t met.'.
'Parse the response content into a object.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Sets the package state, which has
'Run the object\'s __call__ method or method with the given names DCN
'Convert a string to unicode, using the given encoding.
'EnableTheming for all themes in settings'.
'load json object from file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename : str DCN
'If key is not in args and key is non-empty, return None DCN
'Given a board and a coordinate (e.g.
'Run ifconfig test on all hosts DCNL :param net: Netmiko
'Determine the disk bus for a disk device.
'Returns a list of SCSGate switches, keyed by ID.'.
'Create widget object in perspective'.
'Helper function for pretty-printing an object for logging.'.
'Elementwise hyperbolic tangent function.
'print a simple matrix as a tab-delimited string'.
'Find all unnamed groups in `pattern` and replace them with the group indices.
'Returns True if the theme_dir is in the _dir, False otherwise.'.
'Set gear helix path.'.
'Check to see if a module is loaded.
'A function-call expression with only positional parameters.
'Return true of the temp file exists for the specified method'.
'Return a specific role by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param srcFile: Path of
'Finds the first item in the list for which func(item) is True.
'Return a :class:`Version` object corresponding to the given version object.'.
'Like LocateFileName, but returns None if the user cancels.'.
'Execute a single minion command DCNL.
'Format the value like a \'human-readable\' file size (i.e
'Returns the postfixes of a sequence.'.
'Get the list of profiler. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out
'Checks if CUDA is available.'.
'Returns a list with all objects allocated by the current thread.
' Maximum value over a specified period'.
'Returns a random integer variable.
'Return a requests session object'.
'Checks if the user has permissions on a given document DCNL :param doctype:
'Return all enabled quota fields. DCNL :param request: request context DCN
'Convenience function to create a new output object.
'Creates a nameserver DCNL returns True if the nameserver was created successfully
'Same as getattr but raises an AttributeError if the object does not have an attribute.'.
'Create a hash for some content.
'Read a file, and return the contents.'.
'Test \'%reset\' in length'.
'Builds the argument spec for the retry_pause flag.
'Return the most common element in a sequence. DCNL >>> plurality([1,
'unary_expression : postfix_expression MINUSMINUS'.
'Saves the new_model to the database, passing the event_id to the
'Returns a dict whose keys are the model attributes in the DCNL resource object,
'Create network with all possible intfoptions.'.
'loglike multivariate normal DCNL assumes x is 1d, (nobs
'Find the k largest elements in a sequence.
'compare to latest version'.
'Internal helper to make a Query.
'Return info on all groups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make sure the API\'s major version is supported.'.
'countermonotonic bivariate copula'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Parses the header of a WSGI request and returns a tuple (key, value).
'Search for a bridges in the bridges list. DCNL Returns
'Transform an exception into a new exception and traceback.
'Subscribe to a document.'.
'Return True if we\'re running inside a virtualenv, False otherwise.'.
'Gets an HTML parser to parse the given data.'.
'Test meshdata for round-tripping'.
'Validate a path against the patterns directory.
'Get the inventory.'.
'Compute targets for overlaps between vectors'.
'Formats a number or None, depending on whether it is None or not.'.
'Set a media\'s mux. DCNL.
'base64encodes a string using the "legacy" Python interface DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, client to client section:* DCNL ``add {
'Cast params from a list of schemas to a dict of parameters.
':type environment: EnvironmentConfig DCNL :type version: str DCNL :
'Test trials.'.
'Given requested_fields, filter out requested_fields that are not DCNL used
'Knowledge folder delete'.
'Decode the contents of a cookie DCNL.
'A demonstration showing how to parse a string.'.
'Iterate over all tests in a test suite.'.
'Determines the protocol of the response to the service.'.
'Deletes a list of documents from an index.
'Check that audit log doesn\'t contain a audit log.'.
'Invalidalgo options - should not raise an error.'.
'Generate the mtime for each file in path_map'.
'Return a list of skipped test modules, and a list of test cases.'.
'Copy all stat info (mode bits, atime, mtime, flags) from src
'Add zones to the /etc/hosts file.'.
'Renders the main index page.'.
'Download the data from Yann\'s website, unless it\'s already here.
'Normalizes a URI. DCNL :param uri: The URI to normalize,
'Return a list of all available color names'.
'Converts string value to lowercase, removes non-alpha characters, DCNL removes
'Test to ensure the chain type works as expected'.
'Assign a single sysctl parameter for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Detects the distro of the system and returns the value of the DCNL distro
'Add a check to the module.'.
' pprint(obj, file_=None) DCNL If `obj` is
'Get the rising items. DCNL :param omit_sr_ids:
'Create a credential resolver. DCNL :param session: Session DCNL :
'Returns the name of the user field in the profile model.
'Removes variants (e.g.
'Turns a language name (en-us) into a locale name (en_
'Fix incoming_request_count field for localsiteprofile model'.
'Validate a file. DCNL :param file_: The file to validate.
'Test that HTML is rendered correctly'.
'Parse an IMAP4 INTERNALDATE string.
'Return the came_from value from the request, as a string.
'Remove senderkey from connections and senders.'.
'Merges MROs in *sequences* to a single MRO using the C
'Reshapes an array to 2D.
'usage: lx export-download-urls [project-name] [project-name
'Remove the version from a URL.
'Send notification with order invoice link after purchase'.
'Use the verifier to verify the signature of the given file.'.
'Install the plugin. DCNL :param app: Sphinx application context.'.
'Use a specific warnings implementation in warning_tests.'.
'Encode unicode_data for use as XML or HTML, with characters outside DCNL
'Returns True if the polarity of s >= threshold.'.
'Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
'Get list of repositories.'.
'Determine if we should run from a local environment.'.
'Get all users. DCNL :param filter_data: Filters out which users
'Get the name of the Linux OS.
'Clean up an instance. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCN
'Flatten a nested dictionary DCNL :param dict d: The root of the
'Returns a list of the URL patterns for the default image.'.
'Returns a new dictionary with keys and values swapped. DCNL >>> dictreverse({
'Match keys against a dict\'s `keys` and `prefix`, returning a tuple
'Returns stderr.'.
'Add ``n`` chunks to an array so that it is suitable for DCN
'Retrieve a value from an OpenStack configuration file.
'Remove the named service from the system.
'Check if the given group_id_or_name is effective_group.
'Return event to an object DCNL :param events: DCNL List of
'Get messages from server'.
'Reorder the dimensions of x in-place.
'Returns the configuration key for the permission view.'.
'Prompt for an admin cookie.
'Parses a machine string into its parts: DCNL - user, password,
'Returns a range(start, end), where start and end are integers.
'Get style value.'.
'command : LET variable EQUALS expr TO expr optstep'.
'Given a role name describe its properties.
'Records usage of a ratelimit for the given time slice.
'Moves a list of tables from source manager to destination manager.'.
'Raise TestFailed if a == b is false.
'Return server version from grub --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Test copyingappend to Raw.'.
'Return square-free part of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x
'Returns the name of the latest distro package available for the current DCNL system.
'Converts \'/\' to \'lowercase\'.
'Cancels acard hold and logs its exit.'.
'Only load if the redis module is in __salt__'.
'Create a new lock on ``name``.
'Expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Print \'--\' to stderr.'.
'Test PackageFinder detects latest already satisfied using PyPI.
'Set the hostname of the host.
'Get list of flags from poudriere DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Computes the interquartile range of xs. DCNL xs:
'Simply verify the cert DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get an item from a collection DCNL Examples DCNL >>> get(\'
'Run the steps required for the VM to work'.
'Converts search torrent from remote to json format.'.
'Compute a percentile of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL a : array DC
'Takes an array and returns whether it is sorted in ascending order.
'Stop the server and start the app, until it finishes DCNL executing.
'Get validator function by name.'.
'Uses libvirt to get the user and group information on the system'.
'Returns the version of vtk we\'re running in'.
'Returns the positive integer specified by the argument as a string.
'Set up the NKX tunnel.'.
'Builds Reduction-b block for Inception v4 network.'.
'Gets the zone object for a given domain name.'.
'TAG[.postDISTANCE[.dev0]]. DCNL The ".dev
'Returns a list of designs with details of a given design.
'Encode a string using Base64.
'Create the PostgreSQL database.
'Computes the entropy of frame, e.g.
'Process the xml element by manipulationFunction.'.
'Get the current standby timeout of the given scheme DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Remove a file or directory.
'Validates that a string does not blank.'.
'For functions that return c_void_p.'.
'Given the data for one read it returns merged seq and quality qual DCNL data
'Creates a client for working with cloud monitoring.'.
'Find a health check in the config that matches the wanted health check'.
'Generate the test files in src/dst.
'Wakestuck-style flow. DCNL Args: DCNL session
'Retrieve version data from a URL.
'Returns a \'User-agent\' token for the host system platform.
'Parses a format string and returns a tuple.
'Convenience function for returning a specific content item.
'Given a set of unique ifilenames, builds a read tree DCNL with
'Connect to the facebookregistration backend and raise a warning if it fails.
'Run command in an X11 tunnel DCNL node DCNL node is a
'roundup(number, ndigits) -> float DCNL Return a number rounded
'Determine if the distribution is for Ubuntu.'.
'Get a snippet of critical checks.'.
'*musicpd.org, current playlist section:* DCNL ``playlistinfo {
'Calculate the normal deviation of a column and subtract the median. DCNL column:
'Install the addon requirements'.
'Load an application from a file.
'Configures the cloudpipe service.'.
'Construct an object holding a time stamp value.'.
'Returns a list of tracks for the given track ID.'.
'Check IP whitelist / blacklist'.
'Check if the driver compatible with the interface.'.
'Test an ASCII-only string with Polish diacritical characters.'.
'Helper function to return the current session\'s cache.'.
'Try to find a solr-build directory.
'Reexecutes nt-service if it\'s running.
'use oslo_logger'.
'Uninstall a package from a URL.'.
'Filters out non-word words that shouldn\'t be ignored and ignore DCNL
'Return the VM\'s image.
'Returns all series matching `normalized_name`'.
'Finds and returns a file handle to client ticket storage.'.
'Returns True if expr is square, False otherwise. DCNL >>> is_sqrt
'Return a URL as a URL which has been parsed into a URL string.'.
'Generate the rst file for an example directory'.
'Return the backup files for a given backup.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is negative in ``K[X
'Find the basis basis functions for the leading monomials in G.'.
'Clear the internal caches used by jinja2.
'A newline literal'.
'Retrieves the preview image DCNL :param preview_object: DCN
'Return a css style object for the element'.
'Track an event on a bookmark.'.
'Find the installer for a particular module.
'Helper to retrieve a location from __context__'.
'Wrapper around im. gaussian_ blur. DCNL This works only for images with
'Fetch info from a module that has the specified attribute. DCNL :param name
'Get the full name (first name, middle name, last name) for each DC
'Test format of priority'.
'Returns list of (cnt_diff_all_purpose, cnt_exp,
'Load certificate from PEM files DCNL :param data: The contents of the certificate
'List snapshots. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Get the names and default values of a function\'s arguments.
'Get all roles for a given user.
'Setup Flask extension.'.
'Returns a response for a product.
'Element-wise square root of x. DCNL # Arguments DCNL x
'Get all user attempts. If use_user_agent=True, then if not
'Find the absolute number for a show episode DCNL :param show: Show object
'Return the storage repository to hold ISO images.'.
'Export languages in to json file'.
'Check licenses.json file.'.
'Account view'.
'derivative of polynomials in m^m'.
'Return the image\'s orientation if it exists, otherwise return None'.
'Cancels a primitive of degree ``n`` by calling the given function DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Return a dict that describes statistics about
'Update the ssl configuration from the passed in opts'.
'Extract the short name from the URI DCNL nt_uri: dict DCN
'Executes the passed command on the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Remove instance uuid from the document.'.
'Checks that handlers is iterable and makes sure that all strings are safe for DCNL
'Given a directory or a filename, see if the path can be made DCNL
'Create a TCP socket on the given port and return the socket object.'.
'Load the Grunfeld data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Creates a file at the given path.'.
'Extracts a dictionary of values from a pdb file.'.
'Binary deceptive function from : Multivariate Multi-Model Approach for DCNL
'Create and return the user secrets manager.
'Split a string key-value pair. DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Makes sure that a directory exists at the given path.
'Given a list of size tuples, returns a list DCNL of bounding boxes for
'Translates a matrix by (x, y).'.
'Rename a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Start the file specified by filename, if filename is empty, do nothing. DCN
'A TestSuite to all tests in doctestsuite.'.
'Convert an RGB string to a 256-bit RGB string.
'decodes and validates an address'.
'An instruments a class to declare that it is not `declarative`.
'Display the skeiniso dialog.'.
'Return the disk size in bytes for a particular VM and swap DCNL The VM
'Main method for cleaning up OVS bridges.
'Render the report and emit an event to the store.
'Verify that the given octet is a valid header value.
'Evaluates the value of the tensor.
'Return difference between elements of ``f`` with a given ``symbol``.'.
'If the release is_latest is set to a non-latest release, promote it
'Fixture to create a mock AIO client.'.
'Create a new cloudpipe instance for the project.'.
'Create any folders that are missing and assigns them the permissions of their DCNL parent
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a storage_conn object for
'Custom handler for the login form'.
'Given a user and a team, update the last activity of its team, DCN
'Return a layer specified by `path_info` (e.g.
'*musicpd.org, status section:* DCNL `` crossover``
'Write data to a file DCNL :param path: The path to the file
'Generate a fake asset metadata that can be used for testing asset creation.'.
'Method to call the binskim with the given name.
'Return the number of users that are followed by the given user. DCNL :
'User view'.
'Populate the collectors with data from the given directory.'.
'Loads a module and all its submodules from a the given module path and DC
'Returns a sensible label for a field name.
'Test either if an error is raised while a wrong NN object is passed'.
'Returns the auth modules'.
'Returns all entries in a list where the value of item DCNL occurs in the
'Return True if the namespace is visible in this context.'.
'Get raised heightGrid.'.
'Multiply two linear operators, with the constant on the right.
'Simple view to open a directory inside a dojofilestore DCNL :
'Set the local time zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a bug report for the current app.'.
'Run the full screen using the jumptopreviouswrite device.
'Raise a monomial to the ``n`` multiplicative basis.
'Returns the svn revision id for the given path or the revision id for the DCN
'Use Pexpect to retrieve the output of \'show ip intact\''.
'Creates a function to track a task.
'Same as `reverse`, but takes a request and a format string.'.
'Make sure that the filesystem is properly formatted.'.
'Returns a list of the games in the given path.'.
'Checks and returns a list of valid domains.'.
'Check that all axes are unique.'.
'Gets all virtual interfaces for instance. DCNL :param instance_uuid:
'Check that service client names of DELETE should be consistent DCNL T111'.
'Returns absolute path.
'Returns a list of objects that were completed by the auto-complete view.
'Check if vs. completion is still complete, and set download_dir accordingly.'.
'Find root device.'.
'Encode an image. DCNL Parameters DCNL model : dict DCNL
'Concatenate two or more parameters into a single URL.
'Get the status of a login token.
'Assign a random topic category to a resource.'.
'Install june package if it isn\'t installed DCNL import fabtools DC
'Write a fake ROM file.
'Papachan\'s method.'.
'[\'rz\', \'rz\', \'rz\
'Affine transformation + point-wise nonlinearity'.
'Generate a project list DCNL :param config: the configuration dictionary DCNL
'Return the tag name, e.g.
'Creates a filter with a specific task name'.
'Create a new action'.
'Return the index of in a that is equal to b.'.
'Return dictionary with signed request data.
'Merges multiple maps in a single mapping.
'Apply a function and put the result in results.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Make a NetworkX graph from a list of edges.
'Checks if the quota for an image is valid. DCNL :param context:
'Patches an exploration\'s current search document, with the new values.
'Control-N in vi edit mode on vi edit mode on readline is history previous,
'Returns a list of matching locations'.
'Get an icosahedral surface of the given grade.'.
'Create log locator with numticks, numdecs, base and change it to something
'Break up the cText in a tree structure, returning the score DCNL and
'Return the base64 encoded hash of the given SHA.'.
'Worker thread that receives buffers.'.
'Return all stopped tokens from a token stream. DCNL Example: DCNL
'Images resource factory method'.
'Returns a set of all pages in a page string, counting newlines as line separators.
'Check if user has permissions on controller'.
'Extend a query with a list of two-tuples.'.
'Flip a given percentage or number of bytes from a string'.
'A version of Django\'s ` smart_str` that supports unicode filenames.
'Perform some cleanups on a network to ensure that it has DCNL the correct
'Returns a list of paths from items which match the given item filter.
'Summarize a measurement set st. DCNL st is the string st of
'Finds the migration repository at the specified path. DCNL :param repo_
'Test video embedding'.
'Save profiling information (if available)'.
'Draw a rectangle with the specified size and fill.'.
'Get the hold name from the given line.'.
'Return the zipfile represeted to the central directory.'.
'Update an image object'.
'Returns an `` FieldInfo`` for the given model.
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'Retrieve all the overrides for the given ccx and cache them in the correct DCNL
'Verify the checksum of a buffer. DCNL :param buffer: A buffer to
'Return a discrete sequence of length n.
'Helper to build a smtp rule DCNL Extra args will be passed to the rule
'Return a human-readable time string from seconds.'.
'pointer : TIMES pointer'.
'Filters through lines_enum lines using a regex to skip each line.'.
'Helper function to create a new wrapper function, DCNL that calls eval on the
'Creates a unique id for the user, regardless of whether the user is DCN
'Show details about the given keypair.'.
'Modify tags on a node.
'Only load if the ldap config is set'.
'create a new VM DCNL :param args: DCNL :type server
'Build Sphinx extension'.
'Show information about the specified match.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Convert a multidict to a dict.
'Bind context variables to the given role and account.'.
'Minimization of a trust-ncg function of one or more variables using DCN
'Return the command line argument to thecx_xxx.exe process.'.
'Calculate the targets for a given list of client IDs.
'Returns the key or default if it\'s not within range (i). DCN
'Permutes a list of lists.
'Test that we can create a CudaNdarraySharedVariable from a DCN
'This function loads a SVM model either for classification or training. DCNL ARG
'Get the clippedloopp path.'.
'Kill old process'.
'L1 norm of a tensor.
'A Unicode-safe URLencoder.'.
'Write a "external book" relationship to xml.'.
'Get the division by two integers.'.
'Mask events with integer mask. DCNL Parameters DCNL events : ndarray,
'Prints out nands of the user.'.
'Only load the module if csf is installed on this minion.'.
'Write stringIO data into memory file.'.
'View the spam dashboard.'.
'Add collar and shaft.'.
'Converts a string into a slug that can be used in a URL. DCN
'A plan can be either an old-style or a new-style plan.
'Creates a new node.
'convert s to list or raise TypeError'.
'Returns the URL for the local resource of the specified xblock.
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Wrapper for inserting int64 features into ExampleList.'.
'Dummy error tracker, returns None instead of raising an DCNL exception.'.
'Callback invoked when a client logs out an existing client.'.
'Get the carving for the parser.'.
'Return a list of human-readable labels ( synsets).'.
'Helper function for split_surds that doesn\'t do anything. DCNL
'Find the maximumoccupancy node in the directory list. DCNL :param
'The Rosenbrock function. DCNL The function computed is:: DCN
'Removes tags from the given text.'.
'Check if a device is a valid partition for the job DCNL :param device
'Move a file from source to destination, then create a symlink back from destination from source
'Make a row key scan. DCNL This will return the start and end of
'Get the tags for an instance.'.
'Get the configuration for the specified backend.
'Find a notifier by name DCNL :param obj: notification object DCNL
'Returns a list of snippets in the file with the given name.'.
'Creates a new course based on the provided org number and run.
'Lift the lifted loop of the given function into the lifted loop of the
'Return the version of the installed package at ``path``.
'Compute a hash using OpenSubtitles\' algorithm.
'Given a domain name, return the TTL and the domain name'.
'Setup the MyUSPSS sensor.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Execute the SPM command on the
'Provides an address of an organisation'.
'Check exclusive options.'.
'Add a new cluster DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get information on a certificate DCNL :param str name: Name of the certificate
'Creates a keyset with the given name, sign and verify, and HMAC SHA
'Only load the module if apache is installed'.
'Given a participant, create a route and propagate it to the database.
'Check that the mean absolute error function works correctly'.
'Fixture to return a readline bridge.'.
'Adds the given serializer fields to the given data dict if the DCNL serializer
'Returns a dict of info for initiator_targ_map DCNL This
'Change all existing \'aws deploy\' commands to \'aws deploy\' commands.
'Return a finder class by import_path.
'Get Legendre polynomial dot products from Legendre polynomials.'.
'Download from origin to destination'.
'Add a user.'.
'Create list of slices.'.
'>>> removeprefix(\'a\', \'b\') DCNL
'Create a temporary file-like object that writes content to a DCNL temporary file
'Load a GenBank file into a new BioSQL database, storing the count in
'Return a list of page objects of which most recently created.'.
'Create a list with all the elements from *sequences* sub lists.
'Unpack string ``source`` from HTTP.'.
'fork a process using Windows32.'.
'Decorrelation of the symmetric matrix with respect to w DCNL This is equivalent to
'Detach block storage device'.
'Read the Coil points from an index directory. DCNL directory DCNL
'Generates a random secret'.
'Get new repository.'.
'create_string_buffer(aString) -> character array DCNL create_
'Helper method for get_and_verify_verify_data_sizes. DCN
'Module\'s Home Page'.
'Helper function to output warnings when an exception is caught DCNL :param exc:
'Build a new report view condition based on the given doctype and as_condition value.
'Returns the units, unit name, and spheroid WKT associated with the DC
'Sanitize the URL to return the given redirect_to address.
'Compute Windows for stellar model.'.
'average precision. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true : DCNL
'Deletes all objects in cache'.
'Creates a new group type.
'Compute the set of roots of ``f``. DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Creates a diff between two objects.
'API: accepts output'.
'Helper function to set the date in date_str format'.
'Return True if hash(obj) will succeed, False otherwise.
'Return a list of all extensions to be loaded'.
'Displays the autocomplete options'.
'Convert a JSON variable to the native object.
'Given a list of command-line arguments, create a string containing DCNL the
'Builds a Wedge text source from the provided DataFrame'.
'Parse a pathname and return a CAS root object.'.
'Prints a list of available commands.'.
'Creates a package in a given project.
'Handle job submission'.
'Get the style map for a node'.
'Return a query for a relation of a thing_id and name.'.
'Returns a class alias to the given class.
'Element-wise squared difference. DCNL.. math:: DCNL y_
'Parses table column names and types from specified SQLite table schema'.
'Represent an ACL value. DCNL Args: DCNL acl: ACL
'Return a list of popular urls'.
'Commits a transaction.'.
'>>> win_service_iter() DCNL [\'win.service\
'Return ``True`` if you\'re following the given dataset, ``False`
'Given vm_state and task_state, return a status string.'.
'Delete a tenant (keystone project-delete) DCNL Overrides keystone.
'Galaxy test temp directory.'.
'Return the disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test injection of popups.'.
'Set the gid for the current process. DCNL gid DCNL gid DC
'Destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns api version.'.
'Return a list of existing path names.'.
'Return full pathname of installed Makefile from the Python build.'.
'Create a technical server error response.
'Returns an iterator over the ith possible sequence.
'Returns a SOAP envelope containing the parts of a given content-type that are DCN
'Remove the test databases.'.
'Flatten a dict. DCNL >>> from nltk.util import flatten DCN
'Make sure all strings are safe for use in a query.'.
'All of all of the "extra" package data files collected by the DCNL
'scons_library.'.
'Format a string with formatting according to the regex'.
'Get the loops in order of area according to the compare area function.'.
'Safely unescape `doctest` in `text`.
'Return HTML for email address `email`.'.
'Generate a UUID from the MD5 hash of a namespace UUID and a name.'.
'Switch to the first open request for the specified block. DCNL.
'Replaces key/value pairs in doc with values from opts.'.
'Defaulttax handler - called when the order is complete and DCNL contains the final
'Given a list of tables, create an index array where each table\'s length is
'Read the path of the file at HEAD DCNL If the file does not exist
'Converts a stts tag to a pennies tag. DCNL For
'strips \'remove\' from \'text\''.
'Update parent status'.
'Groups Tokens that have beginning and end.'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complex
'Helper function formassage_meta_keys(). DCNL Converts a dictionary
'Sample from a function.
'Moves one or more songs to the model.'.
'Stop a service. DCNL import fabtools DCNL # stop service DC
'Validate the format of the update document.'.
'Copies a transcript given an old name, new name, and delete the transcripts that
'Raises an exception if the provided string contains no matches for any of the DCNL
'Set an HTTP wrapper module to use.
'Return data to a redis server'.
'Checks if the arguments are valid.'.
'Extract translations from Transifex.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return the version tag for this release.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.
'Ensure that the named cluster is present DCNL name DCNL The name
'Signals the minion to start, stop, and restart.
'>>> dedent_initial(\'abc%20def\') DCNL \'
'Get a session with a given server.
'Returns a manager class from a given django engine.'.
'Show the details from the provider concerning an instance'.
'Generate a crontab of date and time values.
'Context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on DCNL exit.
'Create a temporary filename.
'An instrumented task to check all identity records older than auth_check_interval.
' filtered generators by the given symbol.'.
'Return the host from the host table. DCNL :param src_aggregate:
'Compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different DCNL functions
' service all lane messages in lane stack DCNL lane_stack is
'Returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs
'Unpack the value of an argument for an operation. DCNL :param session
'split digest authentication data into list of strings'.
'Horizontal Sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line.'.
'Update the instance properties in the db.'.
'Validate the beacon configuration'.
'Returns whether the requesting_user can access the self blocks DCNL of the course
'Only load if boto libraries exist.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no errors'.
'Tasks assigned to current user'.
'Check the file contents of a parsed AST node and return a single statement.'.
'Safely clean multiline_string to a single string.
'If \'Series.argmax\' is called via the \'numpy\' library
'Pack a value into a network-order two-byte string. DCNL.
'Test that bootstrapping gives the right length.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value DC
'List mounted services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get BTRFS filesystem information.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues/
'Return this platform\'s string for platform-specific distributions DCNL XXX Currently this
'Process the xml element.'.
'Check current_ele\'s property values against the provided new_ele.
'Check the file\'s size.
'Get the details for the option based on the ETag.'.
'Creates a new keyset used for encryption and decryption DCNL encryption.
'Get and transfer the closest outer layer.'.
'Create a new deferred property.
'Write sequence, quality FASTA, or FASTA FASTA FAST
'Generate the page\'s table of contents.'.
'Guess which db package to use to open a db file.
'Compile a regular expression pattern, returning a re.Match object.'.
'Returns thebcaddress version of the given address, or None if it\'s not
'Turns dict keys and values to integers.'.
'Create a user, if it doesn\'t exist already.'.
'Helper method to test file mode keep functionality.'.
'Return the first configured instance.'.
'Get all ancestors of a person entity DCNL.
'Test creating a CookieJar.'.
'Decrypts data. DCNL.
'Loads the results directory of a given package_dirpath and returns the DCN
'Given a URL we want to redirect to, return an outgoing URL.
'Return all comments'.
'Yield chunks of size n from l.'.
'Block the execution of move_entry.'.
'Load the bitmap file and return a list of BSON data.'.
' demangle file name to be used with stat.'.
' congationcontrol Section 9.3.17'.
'Get the interface name for a host. DCNL :param host: host to
'Returns the GC content for the given sequence.
'Create a security group rule.'.
'LoadProvider feature and return it. DCNL Args: DCNL providers (
'Joins one or more path components to the base path component intelligently.
'Get Q( pi, k, w, codon_lst, pi, k
'Find the best match for a given mime_type against DCNL a list of
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Add two dictionaries by key.
'If subdomain is not defined, do nothing. DCNL :param kargs: DC
'Return True if user is all Tenants. DCNL search_opts:
'Given a tuple of arbitrary size, return a new list of tuples, that is,
'Context manager that temporarily sets the context\'s mode.
'Generate a three dimension scatterplot figure.'.
'Test with non 2dim input'.
'Draws a rectangle at (x, y) with the given color.'.
'Send message to backend asynchronously.
'Sends a message to the alarm button.'.
'Test the test function for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/
'Retrieve a photometer from the database by name.'.
'Associate fixed ip to instance or host.'.
'Add a tool plugin menu.'.
'Check whether check is correctrc.'.
'Returns a paginated API response.
'Get the coordinator.'.
'Get grains from the network device known by netbsd'.
'Sets default PCap behavior to try to use select()'.
'FileSystem.import exception'.
'Get the absolute path to the appsettings.data_dir for the given component DC
'Disassociate a list of stagekeys from the given api key DCNL CLI Example
'Converts DE with free parameters into DE with free parameters.'.
'Read a local path, with special support for directories'.
'This takes a version string and operator and returns a boolean value based on DCNL
'Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the current process is interactive.'.
'Attach a json issue custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset.
'Returns the equivalent of the HTTP request\'s SCRIPT_NAME environment DCNL variable
'sprot_search_de(text, swissprot=True, tremb
'Install a new site'.
'Given a unicode object, return a (unicode) quoted string with the DCNL
'Return user\'s brands. DCNL :rtype: set of br
'When a user is saved, update the `user` with its changed fields.'.
'Takes a JSON play entry and converts it to an ordered dictionary of players.'.
'Convenience function to get client options without doing anything special.'.
'Get the overhang span.'.
'Helper function to label the x-axis (e.g.
'Main.'.
'Returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance.
'Return a relative URL from ``base`` to ``to``.
'Pop an element with a string key, if it\'s not present.'.
'Log an link in the meeting log DCNL https://github.com/s
'Get reference to the VM with the name specified.'.
'This function loads the gradient boosting model either for classification or training. DCNL
'Send an email to users when they have completed their registration DCNL command.
'Do a wikipedia search and return the results.
'Return a list of all available handlers.
'Apply xfs-mkfs mapping parameters to tune2fs mapping DCNL :
'Validate that the value of the target field for this object is unique DCNL in
'Expands existing variables into their (fully qualified) form DCNL This function takes
'Ensures that the given attribute exists in the given context.
'Return the prediction as a list of bytes, then a string corresponding to the DCN
'Get the one-line summary out of a module file.'.
'Check whether a short number is a possible number for the current region.
'Temporarily disable the Python exception hook.'.
'Detects the OS.'.
'Calculate the norm of the brightness error between two images.
'Redirects n times. n is the number of times to redirect.'.
'branch( results) -> result DCNL Convert a list of Result objects into a
'Obtain the device type from the model.
'Return a list of the arguments required by the `fn` function.'.
'Assert that TPOT operators export properly'.
'Returns True iff contains a softmax function in its apply_nodes'.
'Update the display batch with data from vis_batch DCNL :param dataset:
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Convert a size string to bytes'.
'Check if we should skip the module.'.
'Sends a message to a recipient list, as defined by the MANAGERS setting
'TODO: DCNL - mfloat, mchar, etc.'.
'Compute the time left and right times the left/right times the function DCNL
'Configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop.'.
'Make sure text is bytes type.'.
' metablock tag.'.
'slice(obj, a, b) -> object DCNL Returns obj[a
'Source tmux files DCNL :param args: Tuple with parameters to copy from
'Create an artifact.
'Login to user. DCNL Arguments: DCNL context: the request context
'Ensure a user is absent DCNL.
':param scan_id: The scan ID DCNL Return The scan status'.
'Get transferred paths from inside paths.'.
'Fetch, parse and return an intersphinx inventory file.'.
'Return the most popular groups the user is subscribed to. DCNL :rtype
'Return network I/O statistics.
'Convert something to utf-8 encoded string.'.
'Always return a native path, that is unicode on Python 2.
'Gets the version number from VERSION.'.
'Return the system version'.
'Convenience function for creating a subprocess.Popen object.
'Load a certificate from a given path.
'Returns true if the file exists, but is out of date'.
'Return the list of users in a MySQL server using the output DCNL from the
'Evaluate a space\'s toposort into a value DCNL Parameters DC
'Show the details of an existing snapshot.
'Displays whether \'restart freezing\' is on or off if supported DCN
'Generates a symmetric polynomial of length n.
'Makes a numpy array of given shape and data type.
'Takes a number and a multiple of second, returns the number DCNL of
'Given a list of tags, return a dict with the tags in the proper DCN
'This will store the current language in the context.
'Get epochs.'.
'Fetches the contents of a url and returns a base64 encoded string.'.
'Get the element at the given rank which is at least n_zeros.'.
'Prettify an array of SNMPv3 strings, returning a DCN
'Validates that \'value\' is a string.'.
'Iterate over GPI files in a single file.
'Generate go source code for a protocol file.'.
'Verifies that the command output of the last command contains the DCNL `count
'Update a group type.'.
'Given a valid config, create an address.
'Process the first word of a document, returning the first word, DCNL or
'Determine the keyword arguments to pass to list() method.'.
'Return a list of language AKAs in the movie.
'docstring for main'.
'Ifapps specified in settings.avoid_apps_if_apps_argument is
'Does the URL have a explicit scheme?'.
'When a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as, that step should
'Setup logging.'.
'Adds unsafe characters to a URL. DCNL >>> urlquote(\'<
'Redirect to the default location, how to redirect to, how to redirect DCNL
'return the path to EEPROM on the current dir'.
'Get or create an ec2 volume ID (vol-[base 16 number]) from
'XOR two strings.
'Find the first file to match the path and ref.
'looks for objects'.
'Compare media types. DCNL Parameters DCNL actual : str DCNL
'Helper function for pretty-printing a full-text sentence.'.
'List the runners loaded on the minion DCNL.
'Disassociate a profile from an instance profile.
'-- Returns current pocoin value'.
'List all profiles in a directory DCNL :param path: The directory to list
'Delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Add ``Application`` with a ``Volume`` to the supplied ``NodeState
'Only load if Spacewalk is installed on this minion.'.
'Returns True if the given agent should be treated as if it\'s DCNL
'Expand shell variables of form $var and ${var}.
'Recreate instances in a Managed Instance Group.
'Return a list of all available bears names.'.
'Return the length of a string, as 3 bytes.'.
'encode(value) -> str DCNL Encodes the value using the base5
'Log error when resizing.'.
'Validate that the password meets all validator requirements.
'Generate a test suite with success for the given test.'.
'This function is used to create a dictionary where keys are the values of DCNL
' identity(obj) -> obj DCNL identity(obj) -> obj DCN
'Is user allowed to change group of article to one of its own groups?'.
'Evaluate function signatures before and after the bracket.'.
'List all tables in a dataset.'.
'Show the details of an SSH key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup the SCSGate alarm control panel platform.'.
'Given a dotted module name, return the pathname of the module in that DCNL
'Limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.
'Fetch a URL and return its content.
'Replaces $var by its value in environment variables.
'make sure we get the right collections when it is not part of a DCNL
'Return the value of the kurtosis of *a*.'.
'Retrieves a course by its id.
'Start the Babysitter server.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Prepare the master working set and make the ``require()`` DCNL API
'Adds network into filesystem.'.
'Copy local installation configuration to config directory'.
'Create two instances of temporal poolers (TP.py and TP10X2.
'Test service_schema validation.'.
'running "harvest" with --avoid-features=inner_directory'.
'Converts a hypergeometric function to a meijerg.
'Determine if a path is entirely inside another loop.'.
'Check whether the method is valid for an estimator method.'.
'Encode and append random bytes to stdout.'.
'Queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries.'.
'Require thejedi package to be installed.
'Returns the fractional part of a float x.'.
'Get the size of a given url.'.
'Populate a LibvirtConfigGuestInterface instance DCNL with host backend details for a
'Clone the current repository.'.
'Check if there is a redundant "virtual" definition in the line.
'Run the test suite'.
'List the folder flags.'.
'Returns a process pool object'.
'Return contents of the incrontab for a specified user DCNL CLI Example: DC
'initializer_list : initializer_list COMMA initializer'.
'Load an example module.'.
'Returns True if IDLE is using a Xquarantee Tk (instead of the DC
'if we have a list/tuple dtype, convert that list to a timedelta DCN
'Convert a boolean to a packed bit array. DCNL :param value: Boolean
'Returns a html summary of an Alignment object as a string'.
'Pad the labels to the same shape as the input (batch_size, batch_
'Negate a polynomial in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Parse and validate a URL path expression.
'callback to parse a port range option.'.
'Return an SSL adapter class for the given name.'.
'Run init_instance hooks. DCNL If instrumenting_mapper is None,
'Adds the arg to the value.'.
'Expand the reader macro from the tree at the given char.'.
'Asserts that two strings are equal.
'City code based on ISO 3166-1 (http://en.wikipedia.org/
'Use the ciscoconfparse library to find the crypto maps that are using pfs
'url_to_mid(url) -> list DCNL Convert a URL in
'Find a custom coach in the course for a given coach.
'Return a key for the sq_operator.'.
'Updates package database.'.
'Ensure we\'re connected to the host we\'re running on.
'Similar to smart_bytes, except that lazy instances are resolved to DCNL strings
'Remove role from user DCNL.
'Displays an error message if a page already exists.'.
'Builds an image from the received list of images and stores it in DCNL
'Check for \'assertRaises(Exception\'. DCNL cinder HACKING
'Get a client by logged in with the user.'.
'Split `title` into `year` and `year` number.'.
'Hyperbolic sin of a series DCNL Return the series expansion of the sin
'See :meth:`I18n.format_number`.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'Subtract polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Create a complete HTML page with colorized source code'.
'Apply connectivity matrix to the test set.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Return the HTML element with the given CSS selector.'.
'Register a contributor to be rendered on this request.'.
' primitive for multivariate polynomials in `K[X]`.
'Get collection creation options from the configuration DCNL :returns: **dict**'.
'Start the glances web server DCNL :param config: the configuration dictionary DC
'Return the request body as a unicode string.'.
'expression : NAME'.
'Deterministic value to be used as a default for a table name that DCNL
'Decides whether to remove any items from a command list.
'Get and return all IAM role details, starting at the optional path.
'Get preferred environment encoding.'.
'Wrap request.handler to serialize its output to JSON.
'Return module data'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid get'.
'Return one level values from a dict, one-level per key.
'Ensure that a bridge is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Make sure that MKT locale is not in Django\'s translations.'.
'Parse usage/specific data. DCNL :param raw: The raw data which
'Returns a dict of all sharing strategies.
'This will store a list of available languages DCNL in the context.
'Run a shell command and return the exit value.'.
'Save the dataset to disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Unpack zip `filename` to `extract_dir`'.
'Execute the given function in parallel on the given objects.'.
'Stop the specified service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a PostgreSQL user.
'Convert a formset instance into a form set with the given list of DCNL attributes
'Return a human readable delta between start and end in a manner similar to the DCN
'Returns a string that identifies the currently logged in user.'.
'Return the signature for a message.'.
'Return file information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resize a wx.Bitmap inside a wx.Bitmap instance.'.
'Returns all Python code, as a list of tuples, each one being: DCN
'Return a conn object for the passed VM data'.
'Create an instance of the GAX logging API.
'Attach a json task statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'Return corner points filtered by harrisim location DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Decrypt with aes in CBC mode'.
'Load data from the database'.
'Change account type and expire date of bill to valide_days.'.
'Set the size of a Finder window for folder to (w, h).'.
'Set the given properties on an image_member and update it.
'Remove slave zones from the service.
'init_declarator_list : declarator COLON constant_expression'.
'Test to_idict.from_dict.'.
'Retrieves information about a given virtual machine.
'Run the given command in the given directory.
'Iterate over all files in `dst` that are considered a Mach-O
'Return the hierarchical clustering of a distance matrix.
'Create the basedir if it doesn\'t exist.
'Return a random number available on the current thread.
'Pick an inverse operator for ch_names.'.
'Group delete'.
'Returns the type of the string.'.
'Return a string with random colors next to each character'.
'Return a file object containing the code of the given code object.'.
'Return True if the given number can be interned or not.
'Computes polynomial LCM over a ring in `K[x]`.
'Delete a namespace and references it, raise if not found'.
'Return True if the image can be loaded.'.
'Start the specified service on the rest_sample DCNL.
'Get the points from a path.'.
'Test that a not found error message is logged.'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'Choose a number that can be chosen depending on the number of channels and the DCN
'Reads the contents of the specified file.
'The main function called when the script is run'.
'This function checks to see if the dropbox folder is in use.
'Try to load task loading from fabtools.'.
'Convert a simple "shorthand" Python value to a `Template`.'.
'Computes the Chebyshev of two univariate normal distribution.
'Ensure an Apache conf is enabled. DCNL name DCNL Name of
'Convert posix format to Lml format.
'Ensures that the supplemental flag values work correctly.'.
'Select a node from the nodes list.
'Return the current time format, i.e.
'Returns a dict of valid args for func DCNL Args: DCNL args
'{% showifcached %} DCNL {% showifcached %} %} DCNL
'This method will serialize out an event for a given user.
'Stores templates and contexts that are rendered.'.
'Creates a new test builder with some application defaults thrown in.'.
'(infilename, outfilename) - Decode binhexed file'.
'Returns ``p1`` with all coefficients other than that of p1 DCN
'http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd7995
'Plus Directional Movement'.
'Yield all Python source files in the root directory.'.
'Parse the response for an asynchronous operation.
'Wrap an SSLSocket object so that it gets passed to the underlying socket.
'Handler for qute:help.'.
'get all roles'.
'Returns a list of int indices that correspond to the contrast factors for a given effect.
'Returns a dictionary of platform information (sysname, nodename, release, version)
'Return the resource path as a list of paths to elements DCNL :param resource
'Generates (filename,name) pairs for all example files in a directory.'.
'Flatten a list of lists.
'Return the number of cells in this inline admin form.'.
'Get the theme\'s full name from its parent directory.
'Validates the incoming data and returns a values dict.'.
'Retrieve an instance of the given runner and add it to the given classpath.'.
'Finds theDumb path for the given challbs based on user preferences.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Return True if the running system\'s terminal supports color, DCNL and False
'Setup the system monitor sensor.'.
'Get all repository_metadata records for a given changeset_revision from the database.
'create a thread on the given connection DCNL :param name: The name of
'Parse a document from a string.
'Builds a test suite for the GDAL tests.'.
'Print a list of header items from the request headers to the response.'.
'Return l21 norm of a matrix.
'Install pyenv. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Move a file or a directory.'.
'Run test suite for all tests.'.
'Create a pool DCNL :param request: request context DCNL :param
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'Prints usage and exits with aparsing error.'.
'Subroutine to create alabeled form entry.
'Coerce string to unicode DCNL Parameters DCNL string : str DCN
'Given a version and a path to the root of a folder, manage.py DC
'Apply the functions in the list of tokens. DCNL Parameters DCNL local
'Creates a graph with the key-value context for the action.'.
'given a course id and thread id stop following this thread DCNL ajax only'.
'Multiply two numbers by two.'.
'Create a deepcopy ofcontours.'.
'Get a security groupname id from a list of security group names'.
'List configuration options that can be overridden by a user. DCNL :param id
'Return the truncated tetrahedron graph.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'computes the bincount of x according to v'.
'Link to a Bokeh Github issue.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Unmount a mount point. DCNL :param unmount_target: Path
'Generates a rejection line of densified by n, DCNL with alpha
'Train a LSTM model with a masking layer.'.
'Convert the xml element to a new xml element.'.
'This is called by the publish_exploration_and_update_user_profiles
'Set up the TV platform.'.
'Get the date of the e-mail address.'.
'Convert password to system_metadata items.'.
'Set the mode for console output.
'Generate the mac address for a poisoning report.'.
'Detects whether `code` is Palmdin.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Testing sys.path that is empty'.
'Decorator that closes all open windows for the duration of the test.'.
':param q: The prompt to display to the user DCNL :returns: The
'Returns a random integer value in the range given by seed.
'Convert cell reference in A1 notation to numeric row/col notation DCNL A
'Gets rid of a handshake. DCNL capfile DCNL Input:
'Return a engine status dict'.
'*musicpd.org, stored playlists section:* DCNL ``rm {
'Create test index if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Migrate non-shared migrations to the new location DCNL :param disks:
'Returns an Expression object representing the given expression.'.
'Like timesince, but returns a string measuring the time until DCNL the
'Return a SQLAlchemy sessionmaker using the given engine.'.
'Check if the directory is in the exclude list.'.
'Retrieves all public certificates created for the application.
'Download the corpus if it\'s present on the given path.
'Returns the path of a plugin\'s media file.
'Converts a DCNL :class:`cswRecord.ModelName`
'Attach request attributes declared in config.'.
'Constructs snapshot name from volume object.'.
':type args: SanityConfig DCNL :type env: SanityConfig DC
'Monkey-patch urllib3 with PyOpenSSL-backed SSL-support.
'set the `obey_over18` attribute in the request'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Parameters DCNL thelist : list DCNL Name of the thelist to
'Ensure directory `path` exists (like mkdir -p on Unix) DCN
'Given a valid config, update the access control list for a bucket.
'htons(integer) -> int DCNL Convert a 32-bit integer into its
'Find the footprints of a SObject.
'Sends a message on a topic and wait for a response.'.
'Replace `arg` with `tvars` in `args`.
'Trigger a build'.
'Generate the nonce key for the given server_url, timestamp and salt.'.
'Returns the arguments to pass to install_from_command_line.'.
'Checks whether user can add or remove ACL on given project.'.
'Given a DateOffset object, returns the DateOffset object if the base DCNL
'Returns a pair of attributes that should be sent to a markem.'.
'Test that ``sys.init_faulth handler`` prints None.'.
'Returns a dict with all top rated exploration summary domain objects, DCNL keyed
'Connect to *dest_pair* and return the socket object.
'Builds and returns a logger instance to be used when instantiating a logger.'.
'Get host from replication group DCNL CLI example:: DCNL salt mymin
'Decorator decorator'.
'Returns the full url to the build_server_url method.'.
'Calculate the Rabin scaled test for a single individual.
'Return the URL to use for the given arg.
'Transforms a freq string into a (code, stride) tuple.'.
'Searches for a media by type.'.
'Converts any given object to a SQL string.'.
'Matrix multiplication. DCNL Returns: DCNL ~chainer.Variable:
'Given an exception, return a pickleable version of that exception.'.
'Skip the test if selection isn\'t supported.'.
'Returns the dot product between (u, v) and (w, a, b
'Check localization in line. DCNL N701: bad localization call
'Get the poster fields for a video DCNL :param video: The `video
'get_twill_glocals() -> (local_dict,local_dict
'Test that URIs are the same, up to reordering of query parameters.'.
'Check to see if extra requirements are present DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get backend for a given filename.
'Converts a string to a Unicode string, depending on the Python version'.
'List source bound to a zone DCNL.
'Compare revisions.'.
'Determine if two matrices are intersecting each other.
'Creates a template generator of the specified kind.'.
'Wrapper around _patched_clustertimeline().'.
'The restful handler for Certificate Exception views.
'Setup the Transmission switch.'.
'Establishes the connection to the DNS server'.
'Convert lagpolynomial to lagpolynomial. DCNL Parameters DCNL coeffs
'Get the resource limits.
'Create a pyo.snd_table object from a file'.
'condition the argument to be an array or scalar.
'Setup the Wink platform.'.
'Rate of change Percentage: (price-prevPrice)/prevPrice'.
'expr : LPAREN expr RPAREN'.
'Get the auto login mode DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Monkeypatch tarfile.copyfileobj to make it available for the duration of the DC
'Test to make sure the generated HTML can be loaded.'.
'Fixup a host name to always use SSLv3 if it isn\'t already
'Adds a product to a store.
'Check mayavi version.'.
'Download all remote urls for all installed apps.'.
'Simple wrapper to update the projections line and circlecles.'.
'Returns the default time zone as a tzinfo instance.'.
'Convert seconds since epoch to HTTP datetime string.'.
'Outputs the contents of the block if the two arguments equal each other.
'Get non-intersecting grid point line.'.
'Set the value of a system_info property DCNL :param key: The
'Find a FK (fails if multiple)'.
'Get the correct logging handler.
'Get the list of SQL statements for a given app.'.
'Takes an image and returns a numpy array consisting of X * X * Y DC
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL List / add shelter types (e.
'Determine the padding type for the convolution kernel.
'Return a platform-specific list of candidates for user DCNL configuration directories on the
'test_get_init can\'t find __init__.pyc in this release'.
'Return complements a string.
'Convert expiration to a number of seconds.
'Raises SkipTest if AWS is not in the environment.'.
'Disconnect from another user.'.
'Trigger scheduler event with current event'.
'Unpack the given directory into `extract_dir`'.
'Generate a verification key based on ` verification_type`.
'Sets the operating system keys'.
'When an account is deleted, move the message to another account.'.
'Returns the largest of a list of numbers.
'Converts an arbitrary object C{obj} to a C{str}.'.
'metric_init(params) this is called by gmond to initialize metrics'.
'Determines the angle to rotate the rotation DCNL Parameters DCNL rotation :
'Waits until the package is ready to run. DCNL Parameters DCN
'Sample from a 2D function F(x_args) DCNL Parameters DC
'Pair the appropriate open bracket with its close.'.
'Run pylint on widget'.
'Revoke cluster administration privileges from a user.
'Returns a certificate request object based on PEM text.'.
'Adds line prefix to string'.
'Create private networks DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'unexpo(intpart, fraction, expo) -> (intpart,
'Return package version as listed in `__version__` in `__init__.py
'Evaluate a SymPy condition as a number.'.
'Check if readline is available.'.
'Returns the directory that is used to set up the mock.'.
'dayofweek == 0 means Sunday, whichweek 5 means last instance'.
'Takes an version string and returns the value of the version'.
'Opens and returns a log file handle.
'Return the timestamp of this month (i.e.
'Register a function as a hook.'.
'Test the detection of an screen size.'.
'Write 2D plots into an html file'.
'Finds the maximum daily commits in the contributions calendar.
'Resolve a function name in a module.
'Test that we can get an labeller (i.e.
'For Virt only. DCNL Specifies the path for the root VM to
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Execute the fetch command DCNL
'Obtain an access_token and add it to the screen'.
'Get the currently active Django locale, or fallback, and raise a ValueError if none DC
'Extract marker id from request\'s dictionary or fail.'.
'Convert shape to geometry.
'Saves time for future use with tac'.
'Computes the log mean of the exponential distribution.
'Set the current version of thele script in the venv DCNL Args: DC
'Return minimum distance between a coordinate on a surface.'.
'Returns a colorized string that indicates all the penalties DCNL applied to
'IncSubtensor(x, y) -> x DCNL Replace x with the
'Builds the operations adding a TextAd to each AdGroup.
'Return True if the profile\'s should_send_own_updates flag was set
'init_viewer(dataset, rows, cols, vis_batch) DCNL
'Run binscope on the sample and return the contents.'.
'Run the Ninja library'.
'Return the field with the specified ID, if it exists, or None.'.
'Parses a string and return a datetime.date.
'Reads a JSON file and converts it into a list of play objects.'.
'List policies attached to a role.
'Sends an inventory to the resource provider.
'Run a test case and return its result.
'Converts a title to a URL.
'Function used to notify the recipient of an email address DCNL :param message:
'Creates kickstart file for floppy build. DCNL Returns: DCN
'Replace any invalid characters in *path* with their escaped equivalents DCNL and
'Shows the text in a field of a document.'.
'Join a channel. DCNL.
'Builds a regressor set comprisong motion parameters, composite norm and DCNL
'Returns True if the verbose filter is enabled based on the index of the verbose DCN
'count the words in the input documents using MapReduce'.
'Displays the feincms breadcrumbs for the current page'.
'Return the id of the current process.
'Retrieves all affected test packages.'.
'Test the strength of a password'.
'Runs a network using the supplied network object.
'Return a list of supported serializers for the given transport.'.
'If the token is valid, return a client object that can be used to DCN
'Returns the path of the directory that contains translation files for DCNL `language`.
'Writes fasta seqs_seq to fasta_f DCNL demultiplexed
'Helper function to get an item from a random array.
'Python2.4 doesn\'t have a pylong_join method so we provide DCN
'Mean squared loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_pred : tf.
'Like Django\'s redirect(), but with a custom url filter.'.
'Mock the event notification function to be used with the DCNL ``response_method
'Print the selected answers in a pretty way.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_
'Return the SR reference from the given VBD reference.'.
'This function encodes a block for the given requester and the DCNL responder.
'Return a list of file extensions that are synonyms for DCNL the given f
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME properly DCNL Parameters DCNL p
'Returns True/False whether the system has system-wide information or not DCNL
'Load the user config settings from the user config file.'.
'Return a predicate representing whether *value* is equal to zero or infinity.'.
'Return location of the user\'s data directory.'.
'Only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion.'.
'abort() should raise an exception.'.
' protect a filename if it isn\'t already set'.
'Make a directory on the filesystem DCNL :param path: directory to make DC
'Echo calls to all methods of a class.
'Return a database connection.'.
'Fast exponential of a in ``n`` bits.'.
'Writes data to the stdout, setting the bold to True.'.
'Get current timezone (i.e.
'Fetches information of a certain network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Wrap a portion of a query to contain a query in DCNL a predicate returning
'Test Astropy with full pixbuf input.'.
'Validate and return mac address.'.
'A generator function for listing versions in a bucket.'.
'Transition from INTEGER id to VARCHAR(36) id.'.
'return true if the command is in the PATH, false otherwise'.
'Given a function name describe its properties.
'Parses a code and returns an AST node.
'Return the relative filename to the config file if it exists, or themake directory DC
'Returns the geometric sum of a set of objects. DCNL :param in
'Return a list of members from the named load-balancer DCNL CLI Examples:
'Returns a list of names of all table names in the current database.'.
'Create a `Sort` from a list of sort criteria (strings).'.
'Converts a string representation of a HTTP request into an html string'.
'Remove a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add thread-specific arguments to a argparse parser object.'.
'Check if a node exists on the database.'.
'List of installed solvers.'.
'Provide data for the admin section of the course.'.
'Down-scale the images. DCNL Parameters DCNL images : Tensor DC
'A control function for CTRL+C.'.
'Determine the service object for the given resource.
'Return a list containing the directories in sys.path that are in the DCNL
'Return a copy of exc that has beenpickled.'.
'Try to determine the version from the init file'.
'Get the numberOfBezierPoints.'.
'Test no data for a chart with no values'.
'Return URL for local machine.'.
'Because this module is not specific to any cloud providers, there will be DCN
'Resource component tabs rendered as rheader'.
'Signal handler for saving ping external urls when an entry is saved.'.
'Called when the finder identified by name has been imported.'.
'Returns the pillars modules DCNL :param dict opts: The Salt
'Return the appropriate location for a plugged-in VBD device DCNL Return
'Add a bootstrap class to each field of the form field.
'Perform template substitution on text.
'Function for deleting Cloud Load Balancers'.
'Create, drop database for all tests.'.
'Check localization in line. DCNL nova HACKING guide recommends not
'Adds an addon to a original user, and returns the original user.'.
'Print an exception with an indentation to indicate error.'.
'Updates a counter. DCNL :param name: DCNL :param id
'Make a call that returns multiple times.'.
'Start the Tomcat service.'.
'A utility function that instantiates a deferred that will fire an errback with an DC
'This function assumes that the fitness values are the same for DCNL the individual and
'Returns a string representing a class instance and an ordered dictionary.'.
'Return True if the given URL is from the given spider'.
'Parses arguments and keyword arguments. DCNL Syntax: DCNL {% args
'Wrap a single function or method into a wrapper around a DCNL assigned and updated
'Sets the namespace on the environment.
'Converts a slice into a single integer slice.'.
'run commands from __proxy__ DCNL :mod:`salt.proxy.
'Aggregate the two objects, returning a copy of obj_a\'s output.
'Get the navigation line.'.
'Get the word of the form: DCNL.
'Extract details about the MUA.'.
'Iterate over all style files in a directory.'.
'This function constructs an object holding the MAC address and DCNL IP address of an
'check to make sure add_positions works properly'.
'Given an api_model, pass it through to the payload and return the DCN
'Validate a locale. DCNL Arguments: DCNL locale (str): The
'Polynomial pseudo-division in ``K[x]``.
'Remove directory. DCNL :param path: directory to remove'.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Returns True if the title contains anyfeaturing text.'.
'Context manager to track the amount of memory used in the course for usage DCNL
'Load a certificate request from a buffer DCNL :param type: The file type
'Show the details from the specified instance.
'Extracts major, minor, build, sn, and board revision from a RIT
'Test with non-sum-one input.'.
'Prints a summary of the given runner results.'.
'Convert a component tuple into a URL DCNL >>> url_unparse(\'
'Sends a request to Stormpath to Stormpath via the API.
'Counts the number of non-printable characters in the string'.
'Execute command in a subshell, raise exception on error.'.
'This is the websocket handler function.
'Creates a Context object given a request and keyword arguments.
'Get the values in the cluster'.
'Build the postprocessors for Markdown.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'Computes the odds given a period in the range [0, p). DCN
'Send a named query to the user.'.
'Converts request.method and request.post into request.method.'.
'Dispatches the request using either a GET or POST, depending on DCNL the
'Returns a list of strings for the options passed to the bup command. DCN
'Colorize text. DCNL.
'Return keyboard shortcut'.
'Converts template to string with params (if applicable)'.
'Converts request.method into request.method.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sign data with a digest DCNL :param pkey: Pkey to sign with
'Take a string of the form \'key=value\', and return a dict
'Convert a request fragment to a request. DCNL.
'ax1, time, data1 and data2 in two axes DCNL Parameters DC
'Make sure AST can compile valid cut'.
'Return the network size in bytes for the specified mask.'.
'tests that we find numbers with exponents'.
'List all the datacenters for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Get new repository.'.
'Recursively walk through all subclasses of a class.
'Resets a nogamma number. If nogamma is True, it is
'yaml: file DCNL A file parameter.
'Returns the length of the tab width of the word.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Return (width, height) for the dimension'.
'API: accepts output, value(=server_config), value(=cat_
'Require the site to be disabled.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.
'Outputs a whole load of debugging information, including the current DCNL context and imported
'Setup the platform.'.
'Return a new dict without the keys that aren\'t serialized.'.
'This pre-init hook is invoked when the database is created with a DCNL
'Check if input_string is a float'.
'Resolve a URL to an object.
'Reference(s): DCNL http://pentestiaser.net/
'Pad to n length'.
'create a test interval for binomial parameters DCNL Parameters DCNL value :
'Return the workflow contained in the deployment directory of a workflow DCNL If the workflow
'Collect attributes from all containers. DCNL :param attributes: DCNL :
'Fixes osmesa_gl_lib environment variable.
'The main program.'.
'Return True if all model instances in model_queue can be resolved to the given model
'Checks whether a string or list of emails is valid.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume by copying it to another volume.
'Parses a given page string which may or may not contain a delimiter'.
'Creates a new paste file.
'Start the console instances for the win.'.
'Return a list of matching cohorts for the given course.
'Return the proxy connection details'.
'A context manager that acquires a lock on a file.'.
'Subtracts all zeros from the elemwise operation.'.
' bootstrap for random variables DCNL Parameters DCNL value : float DCNL
'Remove file or folder from filesystem'.
'Build the date string from the property file.'.
'Test service provider base manager'.
'Return modules for SPM database DCNL.
'Encodes the object input and returns a tuple (output DCNL object, length
'Assert that the given commit is serialized. DCNL :param rwrepo: The
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Returns True if the given object is aambiguous datetime object.'.
'Format block device mappings to the format expected by XenAPI.'.
'Do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module.
'Enable a VPN.'.
'Safely dedent a function.
'Check whether or not the environment has access to this access point.'.
'Search for a volume by volume id. DCNL :param disks_service:
'Extract the preferred IP address from the ipv4 grain'.
'Julian calendar date for a given Julian date.
'Resize the given logical volume to the given size DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'Returns the name of the link contained within the element. DCNL :param connection
'Multiply two integers in Galois notation DCNL >>> galo
'Returns "identity" versions of the JavaScript i18n functions -- i.e.,
'Set access headers on the response to a cookie indicating that DCNL the session was
'Create the output directory.
'This fixture will return a configuration template with the current values of the DCNL cls
'Checks if the user\'s password is not set and appends the message DCNL
'Fernet key repository is empty.
'Download a file from the given URL into the given filename.
'Returns the number of tokens that are suppressed in the given list of DCNL
'Solves f by the given symbol and returns the result.'.
'Test HTML attributes for xss attributes.'.
'List all of the interfaces of a server.'.
'This view is used to download the log from the internet.
'Fetches the GitHub email for the given access token'.
'Make sure that we don\'t try to update updates.
'Check if the package is available.'.
'Check to see if rvm is installed.'.
'Split ``f`` into ``(a, b)`` such that ``
'Make the tagged release commit.'.
'Format a number as a human-readable string.'.
'Converts config values to dictionary suitable for stashing. DCNL :param conf
'Permutes an array by permutation. DCNL Args: DCNL arr:
'Test that a column does not have aameless default.'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'This is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding DCNL box returned
'Multiply the fill text.'.
'Clear the modules_db[\'modules_db\'] field.'.
'Tells if the target is newer than the source.
'Check for root user'.
'Remove the authorized hosts from the specified host(s) DCNL CLI Example:
'Checks if given string is IPv4'.
'Return the name of a column, if it exists, otherwise return the name of the
'Check the validity of the headers.
'Main about page.'.
'Return the color triple.'.
'Generate the file map for the given node.
'Given a shell_obj, return a list of payload names that can be run.
'Return a slice of items according to the requested marker and limit.'.
'Mock _is_smpl function to always return True'.
'encodes a shellcode string into raw_bytes DCNL >>> line(\'
'Return the VM RRD XML as a string.'.
'Create a new rsync project for uploading.
'Returns True if the point is after another point, False otherwise.'.
'Write a gcode file for a gcode file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Print a list of all minions
'Add the platform-specific directory name to the sys.path.'.
'Get all SM volumes.'.
'Builds a service manager with a given jid and password'.
'Closes the current session and removes it from sopels.'.
'Get pack entry by pack reference DCNL :param pack_ref: pack reference
'Return a list of items in a directory, sorted using a regular expression.
'Replace special characters "&", "<" and ">" to HTML-safe sequences.
'Get network I/O statistics for every network interface DCNL installed on the system
'Check current request for existence of an associated site theme'.
'check dependencies'.
'Get a paginated queryset.'.
'Runs the given command on the device, and returns the output.'.
'Given a string result, returns a tuple of DCNL (country, region,
'Sends the reset notice email for the specified user. DCNL :param user
':type text: str DCNL :rtype: list[str] DCN
'Return True if font family is valid, False otherwise.'.
'<choice> - returns a random choice from <choice>'.
'Add a module to loader.conf to make it persistent.'.
'Return a list of all the files in the current directory.'.
'Return a message if the email address is not a valid email address.'.
'Return True if any of the files in ``path`` exist, False otherwise.
'Return data to a pycassa data store'.
'Returns True if list is a list of ints, False otherwise'.
'Check if record1 and record2 are pair-like objects.
'Find the class with the given check name.
'Returns a class alias from the cache.
'Return true if plot mode is interactive'.
'Teardown databases after the test database was created DCNL :param old_config
'getTerminalSize() DCNL - get width and height of console DCNL
'Return a signature scheme object `PKCS115_SigScheme` that DCNL can
'3.3 Generalized variable-length integers'.
'Given a percentage of complete documents, send an email to the administration email DCN
'Prettify output given expression using pager.
'This will store the current language layout in the context.
'Get image crop geometry. DCNL.
'Looks to see if fmdump is present on the system'.
'Returns the VM\'s protocol string.'.
'Return a tile key string.'.
'Return a uniform log uniform distribution between low and high.'.
'Read the secret'.
'Converts the given FeedbackMessageModel to a feedbackMessage object.
'Returns the value corresponding to a lumination change label int.
'The pprint for the super type.'.
'Build and return a query string based on the object type'.
'Rename a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a logger with the specified name, creating it if necessary.'.
'Disconnect all receivers from global tables DCNL This will disconnect all receivers that have been
'convert s to float or raise'.
':param rootdir: Root directory of the experiment DCNL :type rootdir: str DC
'Save an image to disk. DCNL :param img: The image to save
'Start the scheduler DCNL This function is called by scheduler.start()'.
'Returns all translatable strings in a file.'.
'Helper function to find if a header has a given name in the headers.
'Check that the Resource cleanup is complete.
'Get all Attachment records associated with a project.'.
'Convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a cell reference string.
'Load fixtures. DCNL :param settings_module: The settings module to load
'Deduce the encoding of a Python source file (binary mode) from magic comment
'Associate \'levelName\' with \'level\'.
'Given a list body as returned by the generic_list_modifications function, DC
'In Python 2 this is a no-op.
'Attach a private projects counter to each object of the queryset.
'Handle the result page'.
'Adds the prefix to the source to create the realm pattern.'.
'Image stays the same, since the new size is bigger than both sides.'.
'Takes a t, b, c, d and returns the result of calling t
'Adds at indices `ind` to the array `arr`.
'Check paths asynchronously. DCNL :param paths: List of paths to check DC
'Check if name is a legal ROS base name for filesystem resources DCNL (
'Task add'.
'Tries to guess if each block in the matrix is unavailable.
'Takes an element, a tree, and a content handler and returns a cleaned up
'Retrieve a machine with the given name from the hypervisor DCNL CLI Example: DC
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote_plus() function that can operate on
'Get a list of drivers.'.
'Returns an iterator of the nodes in `G` that are saturation l largest.
'Return True if all functions are available, False otherwise.'.
'Format a filter value from a list of parts DCNL :param parts: parts
'>>> f4 DCNL 4 DCNL 1 DCNL >>> f
'Connect to the InfluxDB database.'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.ratingProperty``.'.
'Finalize the Process instance.
'Convert an integer to hex format'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns the state of the DAG at the given execution_date, DCNL or
'Return the hardware address (a.k.a.
'Execute the desired PowerShell command and parse the output as JSON'.
'Called after building (copying to the build folder) a static file.
'Returns a condition object'.
'Render the given template file using the given mako context.
'Remove lock from file DCNL :param filename: File name DCNL :
'Returns the contact type of the user'.
'Wipe the device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-
'restart httpd'.
'Utility function that returns a ZooKeeper transaction DCNL :param ZooKeeper_location_ips
'Returns the `location` as published.
'Register aspecialize function. DCNL Parameters DCNL tags : list[
'Takes a URL pattern matching the \'url\' root, and returns the URL
'Test reading VH headers from `raw_brainvision` withlatin1 units
'Test read_morph_maps.'.
'Read double from bti file.'.
'Make sure the user has the given home directory'.
'Delete an image asynchronously.'.
'Fillet a gcode linear move file.
'initialise module'.
'Test quadratic interpolation'.
'Multi-and-reduce of the two given matrices.
'Fixture providing a user.'.
'Computes the element-wise eluent of a network.
'Replaces UNION ALL SELECT with UNION SELECT DCNL >>> tamper(\
'Plot the MNIST images in a list of MNIST images.'.
'Generate a repository to be used for testing purposes DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'RESTful CRUD controller DCNL - needed for DVRs DCNL -
'Reorders a list of entries in topological order by commit id.
'Find eggs in zip files; possibly multiple nested eggs.'.
'Test the fit sample routine using a KNN'.
'Creates a theano shared variable filled with value.
'Verify if makeopts variable contains a value in make.conf DCNL Return True
'Search entries by timestamp.'.
'Serializes the comment field of a file attachment to a JSON string.'.
'np.sign(args)'.
'Format a string for the default math default'.
'Compute branch depths for a cluster.
'Wraps `services` argument in Pyramid to build a Pyramid application.
'Encrypts a byte string with the public key'.
'Guess the correct LSA class for a given payload'.
'Start engines on the node.
'Registers a new verb. DCNL.
'Suspend the system to disk.'.
'Return specified credentials from `~/.plotly/.credentials`.
'Convert an IP address from text representation into binary form'.
'Deploy application from jboss instance DCNL jboss_config DCNL Configuration used to
'Test global configuration'.
'Convert hex string to utf-8 encoded string'.
'Load CSS templates'.
'Return the set of fields that the requester can initialize for a comment.'.
'Migrate table \'resource\' in AWS EMR.
'Returns the current revision number of the package in this directory DCNL Returns None if
'Return a list of all directories on the master'.
'Clears the logs buffer and clears the temporary file.'.
'Returns the deployment_id of the AppController DCNL If the deployment_id
'Tests updating a file with a different revision.'.
'Splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis.
'Reverselex a unicode string DCNL >>> reverse_lex_128("A")
'Delete a file, but ignore file not found error. DCNL :param pathname
'Returns the HTML representation of the given path.
'Load the data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Return current user\'s home directory DCNL Return the user\'s home directory
'Run a bare WSGI application.'.
'Displays all the action taken for the given params.
'Yields the significance rows for each category in the SAMP file.
'Back up all filters used by this module.'.
'Capitalize a string, making sure to treat - as a word seperator'.
'Run the git binary.'.
'Parse a Python struct file from a string.'.
'ItemField add'.
'Get the matrix Tetragrid from the xmlElement r values.'.
'If the Flags.monkey_patch set as True, DCNL this function patches
'Setup the oslo_messaging notifier.
'Run a single check. DCNL.
'Clears the installed samples'.
'Check for commas in each line. DCNL Parameters DCNL logical_line
'Multiply the preface file or text.'.
'Get vmodl type from name DCNL Args: DCNL name (
'Checks to see if a lock exists DCNL :param name: Name of the
'Returns data retrieved from a URL. DCNL.
'Error Page DCNL Templates: `500.html` DCNL Templates:
'Returns a list of xblocks available for the course DCNL that the user is
'Run the given test, and return errors DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Compute the observation sequence for an obl_seq.
'Return an OptionGroup object DCNL group -- assumed to be dict with \'
'Usage: DCNL {% assignment_permissions as user_permissions %} DCNL
'Return the checksum of the minar received'.
'Expands the dimensions on an axis.
'Deletes the calendar from the database'.
'get product info'.
'Function to format a warning the standard way.'.
'Context manager that acquires a lock on a given directory.
'Determine the picklable module.'.
'Returns a doc with the given parameters.
'Returns a snippet with common errors. DCNL :type type: string DCN
'Tries toolve ``d`` with ``e`` and ``b`
'Returns an iterator over all serial ports on the local machine.
'Called after building the site (built files) DCNL :param site: The
'Returns a connection to the address of a `Listener`'.
'Destroy the reservation or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Adds a stylesheet to the profile\'s scripts.'.
'Read reject parameters from.cov or.ave config file.'.
'unquote(\'abc%20def\') -> \'abc def\'.'.
'Yields ( patterns, matches) from s.
'Return the last modification time of a file, reported by os.stat().'.
'Read exactly size bytes from the current file object and return them. DCNL.
'numlist : ID DCNL | ID LPAREN expr RPAREN DCNL
'Compute the gradient of `f` by `v` on the first axis.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Upload to june.'.
'Takes an error object and returns a dictionary keyed by error code.'.
'Check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot DCNL CLI
'Read a Python string from a file. DCNL :param f: File to
'Remove list of volumes.'.
'Validate a JSON-schema value. DCNL Args: DCNL value:
' requirements.'.
'Add a task to the task queue.
'Load certificate-authority certificates in a given directory. DCNL.
'Get a layer by name. Returns a tuple of DCNL (layer, eval
'\'a3sbar\',3,3 --> 6,\'bar\''.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Deserialize a stream or string of JSON data.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Determine the device class to use.'.
'Returns a theano function.
'Run behave tests.'.
'Patch model.search_fields with a new set of search fields for the DCN
'Safely extract a tree from a parser_return node.'.
'Load configuration'.
'Return a Netgeardevicescanner scanner.'.
'Create a file if it doesn\'t exist already.'.
'Module\'s Home Page DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Main entry point.'.
'Write the contents of the adminfile to disk'.
'Format a final exception line.'.
'Init an instance of the Enforcer class.
'Stochastic model anal.
'Return a key value pair for the given key/value pair from the DCNL
'Returns a list with all recently published explorations as dictionaries, DCNL with
'Get new repository.'.
'Creates an Index from a search_service_pb.IndexMetadata.'.
'Return a list of slot objects for a given time period and increment.'.
'Load a Model by name. DCNL Parameters DCNL name : str DC
'Check the environment variable for a specified user.
'Play. DCNL.
'Set the version number fields in the document.
'The inverse of get_all()'.
'Get matrixSVG by transformWords.'.
'Return column width.'.
'Quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool.'.
'Import modules recursively in the topdir directory. DCNL :param topdir:
'Test time chart'.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: DCNL - More than one
'Deletes stored items from the Memcache and times them.
'delete all specified pages, but the last page is not deleted DCNL path DC
'Resizes the image.'.
'Return a path from the given hatchpattern.
'Returns a list ofblockers for this user.'.
'Updates the symlinks file for the current cert DCNL :param config: The
'Test whether a raw data contains events.'.
'Return a list of all available plugins.'.
'Return the next URL to display.
'Retrieve metadata about a blob from the blobstore.
'Give a list of page where the user can change settings.'.
'.. todo:: DCNL WRITEME'.
'Split a pathname into separate strings by flag.'.
'vote by user. DCNL Syntax: DCNL {% vote_by_
'Convert a DNS rdata type to text. DCNL.
'test_get_xdg_dir_2, check xdg_dir default to test
'returns log(exp(A) + exp(B)). A and B are numpy
'Raises exception if context is not a user context.'.
'Check that gi2 is included in the repository.'.
'Create API. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Removes the user\'s ID from the request and backend session.'.
'Return the region in which all text is underline.'.
'Converts string to lowercase, removes non-word characters (alphanumerics and
'Copy all the files listed in `source` to `dest`'.
'Set the virtual pkg module if the os is OpenBSD'.
'Report a user'.
'Test installing an editable package from a cohortaar.'.
'Accepts a manifestation object and a dataset_id, DCNL Return a
'Walk a list of scope tree starting from the given Javascript file, DCNL and
'Parses a string and returns a dictionary.'.
'Adds some useful headers to the given HttpResponse object: DCNL ETag,
'Returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists.'.
'Calculates the least common multiple of a and b DCNL Args: DC
'if we have a scalar, try to infer the dtype from values'.
'Determine if the point in the loop is in the point table.'.
'Return the correct pillar driver based on the file_client option'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Sets up the version database for the current app.'.
'Add a server to the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Escape a string for use in a URL.
'Lock a document by a user.
'Post an event database to the server using the keywds provided in DCNL
'running all apps with --avoid-apps option'.
'Construct a SequenceExample proto for an image-to-example.
'>>> test_try_except_regression(True) DCNL (12
' restrict forward solution to stc.'.
'Check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case.'.
'Returns the list of edges from v to e, where e is the edge DCN
'Generate a gaussian spline (GaussBessel function of order n)'.
'Converts a CSR matrix to a generator of triples.'.
'Find skipped tests DCNL Returns a list of tuples (method, bug) that
'return True if the given function node is decorated with a property DCNL decorator that
'Returns an array of the rows and columns of ``x`` that do not contain
'Yield egg or source distribution objects for a URL.'.
'Look-up a check-up: #544'.
'Retrieves all cluster properties from a datacenter.'.
'Return the host of a guest based on path or None.
'Set \'location\' option for option of type \'opt\' DCNL
'Get all instance_types that match zero or more filters.
'Removes all sessions of the current user from the datastore.'.
'Move a file from source to destination DCNL :param src_path: Path
'Get matrixSVG by transformWords.'.
'Convert text into a DNS rdata type value. DCNL.
'Disconnects signals on Entry model.'.
'Waits for a list of spot instance requests to be fulfilled.
'Return a hash for the given file descriptor'.
'Prints the usage of this script.'.
'Download a usable image.'.
'Validate the configuration and return a NMAP scanner.'.
'>> showforms DCNL Show all the browser forms.'.
'Usage: DCNL attr(attrname) DCNLUsage: DCN
'Saves attachment to filepath'.
'Mark a value as unsafe.
'Checks whether user can download changes on given project.'.
'Indent text with spaces, line-by-line'.
'Simple wrapper around _get_pyqt_objects DCNL depth is the number
'Extracts a capabilities pair from a text string. DCNL.
'Check if host has a given pair of hosts DCNL :param ip: IP
'Checks if the provided ip address is a public IP address DCNL Args: DC
'Utility method to read a plist from a file or string.
'Log the current page hit'.
'main entry point for module execution'.
'Find and return Vera lights.'.
'Get the document and fallback reason based on it\'s current revision. DCNL
'Make sure the process exits without a successful output.
'Uninstalls a module. DCNL Args: DCNL conf_module
'Finds the shortest path from source to target in G.
'Change volume types.'.
'Parameters DCNL values : ndarray or list of values DCNL Parameters DCN
'Wrapper around list_topics that returns a list of topics that the user is subscribed to
'Imports an object using a string name space and using the string DCNL import_
'Fix the sys.path to include our extra paths.'.
'Adds new_flags to the list of flags.
'create a new node'.
'Create a cache security group.
'Split a test name in the format file_like, file_like, etc.
'Return the full URL for the current request'.
'Plot the trace for the bootstrap distribution.'.
'Return the current time in seconds since the epoch as a floating DCNL point number
'Sends a POST request.
'Pure implementation of the square sort algorithm in Python DCNL :param arr:
'Joins a queue with a timeout.
'Return (hash, length) for path using hashlib.new(algo)'.
'Test end to end test for verbose show command withifiers.'.
'Create a human-readable message for extra arguments DCNL extras: an iterable of
'Release a media player after use DCNL Decrement the reference count of the media
'Convert details list into a dictionary.'.
'Convert obj to a column object DCNL Parameters DCNL obj : dict DC
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Flush current ipset table DCN
'Get the (width, height) of the current terminal.'.
'Convert a Windows FILETIME to an offset in seconds.'.
'Render a datetime according to the given format. DCNL :param datetime_:
'DETACH ACCEPT Section 9.3.17'.
'Create an image instance from a QImage'.
'Split a string into separate words using shell syntax'.
'Return the names of all system scripts that do not belong to a specific system.
'Decide whether to show documentation on a variable.'.
'Display the topic listing page.'.
'Returns a ProxyInfo object based on environment variables.
'Set the last modification of a file to desired_time.
'Return path to xtool binary'.
'Check if there is already a dataset on the server'.
'Executes the given test_doc string and returns a dict with the DCNL
'Python2 string escape DCNL Do not use directly, instead use decode_string
'Checks if the condition matches the given check_object.
'RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'post order the nodes DCNL :param node: DCNL :return list
'View for updating the password for a user.
'Calculates signature as described at: DCNL http://dev.odno
'A pre-compute computation'.
'Ensure that we can tokenize tuples of strings.'.
'Helper for plot._process_tools_arg. DCNL Returns: DCN
'Return the A record(s) for ``host``.
'Takes a location as input, and returns the weather data.
'Parse metadata from a filename by a regexp and map it to a metadata DCNL
'Discretize model by integrating numerically the model over the range [x_
'Parses a flags string.'.
'Get theartist with the MusicBrainz `id` as a dict with an
'Check to see if the host is responding.
'Get the link line.'.
'Subtract ``c(x_2..x_u)*x_0**i`
'Consume messages from a topic.'.
'BernoulliVector.sample_from_conditional works when num_col_
'contextmanager to temporarily remove any warnings that occurred in the test suite.'.
'A pre-configured transaction manager to acquire the connections pool before doing so.'.
'should be equivalent to bindertest.keywordderived(), but not
'Get the names of the windows DCNL :param root: The root of the
'Wait until an object has been created or created with the given attributes.
'Format an IP address for display.'.
'Return True if hash(x) will succeed, False otherwise.
'Given a string representation of Sudoku, return a dictionary DCNL of numeric
'Ensure that all source files in the source list are valid for MacOS.
'Wait for a machine to be added to the network.
'Creates a new context.
'>>> from sympy import MatrixSymbol, Q, assuming, refine DCNL
'Given a profile name and role name, associates it with an instance profile DCN
'Connect to Amazon EC2 for the given region name.'.
'Process the else statement.'.
'Return a list of (word, tag) tuples, indicating whether or not the chunk
'Generates a signed JWT to the given service account.
'Retrieve the size and properties of an image from the glance image service.'.
'Given a field name like ``name``, returns a tuple of the DCNL
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'varint(i) -> int DCNL Return a variable length int.
'Register an e-mail hook.
'Ensure set_source_model actually sets the source model of the filter and DC
'Load creds from a file.
'Add given tenant to the volume type access list.'.
'Copy columns of a real matrix to a specified rank.
'Compute the Euclidean or Frobenius norm of a matrix.
'Install xonshimporthook hook.'.
'Multiply ``f`` by a constant value in ``K[x]`
'Copy the file \'src\' to \'dst\'; both must be filenames
'Perspective edit'.
'Helper method for creating temporary directories.'.
'Test that PyPI works with PyPI.'.
'Perform the daemonization of the current process.'.
'Helper function to format the stdout of the firewall command.'.
'Computes the cumulativeulant kappa factor from method moments of n.
'Return the split indices where the percent of a and b are at the same location.
'Normalize a path for comparison purposes'.
'Greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials.
'Generates a zip file containing the selected submissions.
'Destroy the image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Extract the images into a 4D tensor [image index, y, x, channels
'>>> g = test_swap_assignment() DCNL >>> del g DC
'Temporarily updates one of the requirements in the virtual environment\'s requirements DCN
'Return the last cycle value.'.
'Parse options and run comparison.'.
'Deletes a sink by name.'.
'Get parent child from xpath name DCNL Arguments: DCNL name (str
'Read in a file and return a Record DCNL Parameters DCNL fname :
'Raise an exception if the candidate implementation does not implement DCNL the service.
'Return server version from grub --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Retrieve the user\'sshadow, if it exists, otherwise return None.'.
'Log compute error.
'Check to see if policy exists.
'Returns True if the string ends in a newline.'.
'Construct author2doc dictionary from doc2author mapping DCNL :param corpus:
'Return matrix representation of the OpenGL commands DCNL Parameters DCNL model : numpy
'Return data from the "End of Central Directory" record.
'Uses Nudge algorithm toolve a dataset with direction vectors.
'Returns a polygon for a filled arc.'.
'Calls `unrar` with the given parameters, if it\'s not already installed
'Authenticate using Basic Auth'.
'Convert skip rows to lrange instance DCNL Parameters DCNL skiprows :
'Tests whether the formatted number groups are exact match the DCNL given number object and
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Get the region list and sort by name DCNL :param str name: DC
'This method is used to get a list of subset of a bitstring from a base
'Parse a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format.'.
'Create a record in the sa database, using resource_type and resource attributes.'.
'Validate max_staleness. DCNL Args: DCNL max_
'getstatusoutput(cmd) -> status, text DCNL Return the status code
'Return a dictionary for each string cell in the workbook'.
'Import data from a zone.
'Make sure we can add a new tag to an existing model.'.
'Traverse a pillar and return the keys.
'Given a dictionary of key/value pairs, generates a fontconfig DCNL pattern
'Lists allfunctional areas.'.
'Set HSP results based on HSP\'s query summary.'.
'Custom Formstyle for FilterForm DCNL.
'Return line numbers of multiline strings in source.
'Calculates the chi2 distribution for a set of observations DCNL Parameters DC
'Test normalization of pmf histogram.'.
'Converts a string representation of a keyword argument to a dict.
'Add the id and fields to document.
'Standardizes a module name. DCNL Args: DCNL name:
'Convert a SciPy sparse matrix to a SparseSeries.
'Returns the contents of the logs buffer, as a list.'.
'Render a single inline'.
'Reads the configuration for Cinder DCNL :param config_opts: The options
'Iterate over elements of a collection function'.
'Test platform_config validation.'.
'Make plugin available.'.
'Ensure that the firewall is off DCNL name DCNL The name of
'Parse arguments from command-line. DCNL Args: DCNL argv (
'Converts a string to camel-case.
'Define a function that calls the given function with the given args and kwargs.
'Validate a multivariate polynomial ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'bitswap(s) -> string DCNL Reverses the bits of a string
'Make all of our workers ignore KeyboarInterrup\'s since it will
'Return a list of relationships for a package.
'Get a fixed ip by host name or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Create a stream handler for the provided name and level.
'Backend for the entry view'.
'Converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone.
'Parses a regular expression pattern.'.
'Dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data.'.
'Calculate the solarize of an image.
'Test indexing of dipole vectors'.
'Convert an xml tree into a dict'.
'Convert zero indexed row and column cell references to a XLSsheet name.'.
'A generator of skipped tasks'.
'Test IO with.lout files'.
'Write the theme xml.'.
'Set a config key to a value.
'Change the uid for a named user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Avoid extraneous whitespace around operator.
'Shows details of the given name. DCNL :param book: The book
'Instructs Chocolatey to start a source.
'Returns the sum of all non-None elements in the list.'.
'Update global settings when QWebSettings.update_settings() is called.'.
'Send email with invoice link after purchase'.
'Serialize `obj` object to a JSON string.'.
'Get logged-in user info. DCNL This is used by the social auth
'send email after import record'.
'Setup the Market finance sensor.'.
'Converts a given style to an ANSI color function.
'Format a slice.
'Expand IPv6 address. DCNL Args: DCNL address (str):
'Returns the year of a project for a given row in a DCNL table'.
'Require the test to be depends on the current app.'.
'Generate syntax tree for the match.'.
'Create a server-side SSL context.'.
'Landing page for contributor stats.'.
'Determines the top directory name for a given file name, starting at DCNL
'Given a valid config, update the CORS configuration for a bucket.
'Get in_words value for given number'.
'Raise RuntimeError (see https://github.com/astropy/astropy/issues
'Updates translated strings in response.'.
'Deletes a rest api DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the UTC milliseconds for a given datetime object.
'Returns debug representation of an object.'.
'Reads the contents of a URL into a string.
'run pylint'.
'const_map_item : \'{\' const_map_item \'}
'Lists the creds for given a cred_id and tenant_id'.
'Returns True if b1 and b2 are broadcastable.
'Check if there is a reboot pending.
'Escape &, <, >, \' and " in a string of text.
'Register a function to be executed when the process exits.
'If the scalar op with the same type, cast it to the same DCNL
'Generate a new id DCNL length: the number of characters to generate.
'yaml: fingerprint DCNL Publish fingerprint request DCNL Requires the :class:
'Performs a HEAD request.
'Walk a directory tree, returning all the filenames'.
'Returns the default language for a given object.'.
'Callback for change of quota size.'.
'Remove quota on a glusterfs volume.
'Get all repository dependencies for the given metadata_id from the database.'.
'Safely get the real host.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Get the attribute info for a given collection.
'Converts the log file into a dictionary with information for each node.'.
'Determine if the given filename ends with any of the given words'.
'Evaluate an old "assump" transformation for an instance of DCNL :class
'Starts the debugger, and register an adap with the givenoid. DCN
'Find the atomic group name for a host label.
'Retrieves the properties of a managed object.
'Performs a search and returns client objects.
'Write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the text.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Assubstring(key, text) -> bool DCNL Check if the key
'Return the history of a given codetbl DCNL http://code.activ
'Add a suffix to a filename.'.
'Handle the "where should I go next?" part of comment views.
'Convert a version string or a string of the form \'version\', or \
'Return number of triangles for the given threshold graph creation sequence.'.
'A replacement for `internalerror` that presents a nice page with debug DCN
'Escape the special characters \'&\', \'<\' and \'>\'
'Given a model and a list of filters, check if all DCNL are valid
'Formats seconds into a human-readable form DCNL >>> humanize_seconds(
'List of data sources in the current environment.'.
' fastfn(outs, mode=None) -> list of values DCNL Returns
'Optimize an angle to be at least as large as possible.
'Resource headers for the Fire Report DCNL.
'Construct a model dict from the supplied resource_type, properties_target and prefix.
'Generate a new random API_KEY'.
'Accepts log-values as input, exponentiates them, sums down the rows DC
'Check if the file is public, then redirect to the file\'s canonical.'.
'Creates a binary DBM with 2 connections (and is tolerant to getting DC
'Extract information about the given shells (shells) from the known_shells
'Returns the position where we\'re at \'s\' but not at \'
'Convert name value to dict.'.
'application error handler'.
'Set configuration property DCNL name DCNL The name of the property DCN
'Test that we can locate a app.'.
'Returns (codename, name) for all permissions in the given opts.'.
'Returns either the Origin or Referer value from the request headers, DCNL as
'Checks for valid BCS lengths in header, adds to warnings DCNL header:
'Iterate over the rows in the queue and scale them so that DCNL the
'Sets a key in the etcd service.
'Reset the builtin module\'s directory to the default directory.'.
'puts() should print input to sys.stdout if "encoding" is None'.
'Replace the last traceback field with a real value DCNL and replace the last traceback
'Calculate the checksum for a string. DCNL :param value: the value of
'Pass me an object and, optionally, a file object.
'Returns the course creator status for the given user, or None if no user DCN
'Displays the list of recently viewed products.'.
'Print a single depth of a VM or recurse into a full path.'.
'Compress payload using interoperable LZ4 framing.
'Prompt for user input and return raw output, or raise an exception.'.
'A demonstration showing how a ``DependencyGrammar`` can be DCNL used and
'Delete the given extra specs item.'.
'Maximum number of streams possible. DCNL Args: DCNL size (str
'Gets the data at a particular path.
'Delete search index after object delete'.
'Get the front loop list and add the x list y list.'.
'Decrypts URL-safe base64 encoded ciphertext.
'Compute polynomial irreducibility of ``frobenius`` in ``GF
'Recursively copy a file or directory tree into a new location. DCNL :param
'Test channels-dropping functionality.'.
'Escapes a value for use in a URL.
'Ensure the named event source mapping is absent.
'Run all the benchmark functions and print results to STDOUT.'.
'fields is a sequence of (name, value) elements for regular form fields.
'Returns true if the current user is an admin'.
'Show the details of an existing load-balancer.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
' spells <text> -- Checks for syntax errors.'.
'Returns True if we are configured with entranceexams'.
'Validate station string. DCNL :rtype: string'.
'Get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path.
'Unpickles and decodes a value from Base64 to plain format DCNL
'Set up & run a `Publisher` for programmatic use with file-like I
'proto_library_config section.'.
'Determine ifengineser Service is running.
'Install one or several pecl extensions.
'shell_env should contain a `key` argument.'.
'Get elementNodeObject.'.
'Displays the content type selection widget for the given content_types'.
'Close the specified database.
'Clean whitespace from the text of a statement.'.
'Retrieve information about the nvML process associated with the device DCNL Return a dictionary
'Find the path to git.
'Parse the symbol file.'.
'Given an asset ID, date and column name, return the expected value of a bar
'Creates a Header node from a sequence of DCNL text strings, with the
'Return ipdb route table for given ip_version and namespace.
'Adds the specified virtual host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a refactor instance.
'Returns a list of the format modules found'.
'Parse the solc compiler output and return a dictionary keyed on success. DCNL
'Return the full path to the mrjob.py file.'.
'Wait for a given message in the qutebrowser log.'.
'Return a list of service names that are upstart services.
'Get all GitHub releases known to the given project.
'Compute nt zeros of the Kelvin function ker(x).
'Run upgrades on a database only once.
'API: send a test Prowl notification, return result'.
' trade on events and execute the portfolio.'.
'Determines if the module needs to use G77 ABI wrapper.
'{(name, args, context, callback)}'.
'Is this a sequence type?'.
' place queens on the board DCNL Args: DCNL board: The
'Unmark watching for weakrefs.'.
'Returns the IPv6 addresses configured on the link local system. DCNL Args:
'Compare two strings and return a boolean value.'.
'Return the absolute name of the module to be imported.'.
'Clears the Redis cache'.
'Check if the specified relation is valid. DCNL :param element: DCN
'Destroy the local database.
'If the given function raises an exception, do nothing.
'Update metadata if it exists, otherwise create it.'.
'Retrieve the hypersearch results for a given job id DCNL Args: DCN
'Sets a custom rule on a given layer.'.
'Create a gcode path.'.
'Get the media url of a file or URL path.'.
'Kill all processes that are running under `pid` using `signal`.
'Single Growl notification'.
'Return a queryset of subsections for which the user can edit the page.
'Parse the non-cSP components into (name, type) pairs'.
'Return the address to bind to.
'Change the brightness of a percentage'.
'Returns the cumulative sum of elements over a given axis.
'Generate a random graph from the given node_num and edge_num.
'Set the default app.'.
'The first element in a sequence DCNL >>> first(\'ABC\') DC
'Returns string with quotes removed.'.
'Determines the type of address.
'Clean the localizable strings from translation files'.
'Replaces the global variables of a function with a provided set of new globals.
'Process elementNode by svgReader.'.
'Assigns an old_mode field to the instance and keeps track of DCNL
'Convert a package name and a version into a filename.
'Get a list of functions of a given kind.'.
'Compute polynomial difference in ``GF(p)[x]``.
'Check if a number is even.'.
'Return the IRC color corresponding to the given string.
'Renders a Template to unicode'.
'Virtual field for project_time - returns the date of the project DCNL now
'Returns True if the IP is within a subnet, False otherwise'.
'Compute the cartesian product of the items in s_list1 and s_list
'Reviews all addon instances.'.
'Get XFS inventory.
'List all tasks for an entrance exam.
'Convert a color from a hsv tuple to an rgb tuple.'.
'>>> method(ccall_method()) DCNL 3 DCNL >>>
'Checks if the given directory is a buildbot worker or a master and DCNL
'Return the kurtosis of the given list of values.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Return bytestring as a human-readable string.'.
'Parse the content length range header value.
'Test if existing ipset contains a subset of prefixes.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Ensure that higher ordercontractive autoencoder works according to the initial DCNL
'Format the position into a pretty-printed string.'.
'Attempt to parse the message for an executable command.
'Reads the images in a given folder, resizes images on the fly if size is
'Register the agent.'.
'Execute hiera and return the data'.
'Try to apply the pattern to all of the string, returning a match DCNL
'Resolves a relative URL to an absolute URL.
'Display a map with amc mapid.
'K-means clustering. DCNL.. versionadded:: 0.17.0 DCNL
'Creates an empty file with the given name.'.
'Return a matrix backward to the eye.'.
'Return the current SELinux enforce setting DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run the classification on the given image paths, and display the DCNL results.
'Change the source field of organization account to organization account'.
'for testing'.
'Takes a flash_params (e.g.
'Get a resource from a path relative to the project.
'Converts code(file) to colorized HTML.
'Rename a file or a directory safely.
'Return true if \'header\' is an HTTP/1.1 "hop-by-hop
'Create the \'best\' argument for a raise ValueError'.
'Render the given templates using the given dictionary as the context.
'Import an image from imgadm DCNL uuid : string DCNL uuid of
'SharedVariable Constructor for CudaNdarrayType from numpy.ndarray or DCN
'Test color desaturation property.'.
'Return the session for a reply channel.
'instantiate a :class:`~astropy.io.votable.
'Build Sphinx documentation with virtual environment'.
'Create a nonce. Can be used for either digest or cookie based auth.'.
'Shows an image of length n1 with connections w2 DCNL for each
'puth the object away, whereever it came from.'.
'Removes a service from a workspace'.
'Constructs an inventory object. DCNL :param resource_provider: The resource
'Get all networks associated with a project.
'Convert x to a SparseVariable or a SparseVariable whose type is DCNL a
'Compute stats for a list of episode_rewards, based on DCNL the
'Return the center of the graph G.
'Un-convert a string array to a fixed size.
'Executes SQL code for a given language and returns the DCNL string.'.
'Given a list of columns, returns the common dtype for that column.
'Run migrations in \'online\' mode.
'Logs all request hooks to the server.'.
'Fetches the translation object for a given tuple of application name and DCNL language
'Forgot password form.'.
'Return the assignment type for the given user_group.'.
'Parse arguments and run the WSGI server.'.
'Generate a cdf. DCNL Args: DCNL xs: sequence of x
'Test rename channels.'.
'expand a list of arguments'.
'Get the overhang support angle in degrees.'.
'Checks if a network address is a guest or not.'.
'Return git name based on the repository directory and git version.
'Converts a value to JSON.
'Try to parse a ACLv2 response.
'Parameter: String. DCNL Returns: The string, with each instance of "
'Get all available regions for the load balancer.
'Set default parameters for sql_connection and sqlite.'.
'Decorator to skip test if `abstfn` contains a trailing slash.'.
'Drop the field in an expression.
'set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any. DCN
'support function for copy_reg to pickle StringIO.OutputTypes'.
'Return a dict of the last function called for all minions'.
'Converts unicode strings in dict keys and values to UTF-8'.
'gpu_from_host(gemv) -> gpudot(gpu_
'This function takes the arguments from the Server object and returns the DCNL server settings
'Convert a revoked dict to a simple list of dictionaries.'.
'Find the last node of `` leaf`` in ``expr``.
'Simple index page'.
'MailingList view'.
'Execute a search on an index.
'Converts given content into a JSON-compatible string.
'API to handle service hooks from the gitlab API.'.
'Returns True if the cheatsheet can be written to'.
'derivative of next Legendre polynomial (Mexican hat) quad
'Return a list of sysv services'.
'Configures the virtual environment for the provided packs.'.
'Returns the system\'s release version, e.g.
'Resource Headers'.
'Return server version from grub --version DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'DEPRECATED. DCNL This function is called when a new property has been
'Associate node with instance and update it.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Return a compiled regular expression that matches mask.'.
'Render a Cheetah template.'.
'Get the hardware address on Unix by running ip.'.
'Given integers n and a, return the integer that is closest to a DCNL
'Only load if grafana4 module is available'.
'Return the given html string with sgml entity and char references DCNL replaced.
'Return the auth password from the script or environment'.
'Simple example on how to send an event.'.
'We need the junos adapter libraries for this DCNL module to work.
'Returns a list of file names and a list of file names for each DCNL
'Show the current uptime of the bot.'.
'Release the LibVLC instance related to the given L{Instance}. DCNL
'Like getattr but logs the access to the instance.'.
'Converts a DNS domain to a filename.
'Test conversion of dimensionless quantities to si'.
'Return an absolute path.'.
'Transform a NumPy array into a list'.
'Write a skeinforge gcode file for a skeinforge gcode
'Run the Paster server for the given app.
'Check a run status check'.
'Return the discrete attributes of a discrete variable.'.
'Returns the \'InstanceActionAPI\' class from the same module as the configured DC
'Convert results to a form that can be used by libcloud to avoid DCNL
'Validate that the format specified is valid.'.
'Get the file descriptor maximum.'.
'Split up a set of instances into train and test sets.
'Serialize a tarfile object into a tuple of name, type, size, DCNL
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Process will execute with lower CPU priority'.
'Searches for a host in the given inventory. DCNL :param search_
'Lift the carving of a gcode file.'.
'Set stockbasics'.
'A callback function to get passed to an audio stream.'.
'Instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments.
'List all available package upgrades on this system DCNL CLI Example: DCN
'runs pyo initialization'.
'Get a document node.'.
'Reverse URL lookup for WaterButler routes DCNL :param route: W
'Use this view to let the user know that they are logged in'.
'If the password is not encrypted but encrypted, encrypt it according to the DCNL
'[+-]?[0-9]+'.
'Add pillar by loops which may be concave.'.
'Return a Python class documentation of the given path.
'Return the greatest common divisor of `a` and `b`.'.
'Create a fake log generator that doesn\'t use any args, does nothing.'.
'This sets the dirty flag to True if the model is changed to DCNL the
'Sample from the standard normal distribution.'.
'Determine the start and end of a phraseextent that contains DCNL the given
'Determines if a module is a package.'.
'Build the m3u file name from the given basename.'.
'Test SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH support for PS output'.
'Get the ssh parameters for a service.
'Validates that the reference to this node is valid.'.
'getRandomNbitinteger(N:long, randfunc:callable):long DC
'Create a :class:` routes.Mapper` for use in tests.
'Unpickles and decompresses a file.'.
'Return the det of a matrix M.
'Test the structure of structs.'.
'A version of Python\'s urllib.quote() function that can operate on unicode DC
'on success, redirect the user to the OpenID identity file'.
'Scans photo images.'.
'Sort a dictionary, printing each item as a pair'.
'If the current user is not authenticated, open the connection to the LTI DCN
'is_probable_prime(n:long, k:int) DCN
'.. versionadded:: 2014.1.0 DCNL Delete an existing chain to the specified
'ignorable statement'.
'Escapeabbr characters. DCNL Parameters DCNL text : str DCN
'Rebuild data in the generated Python source file.
'Load fixtures from a dict:: DCNL fixtures_dict : dict DCNL
'Returns a finder class for the resource at the given path.
'Encode common content-transfer-encodings (base64, quopri, uu
'Expand brackets in s.
'Expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__
'Selects a bracket icons, if the option is \'open\' or \'
'Makes sure the rule format is verbose.'.
'Setup the Pwrctrl switches.'.
'Attach an jsonepic statuses representation to each object of the queryset.
'It should find all feature files within a dir'.
'Returns a calendar read API.'.
'Delete a blob from Blobstore -- async version.
'Get all networks belonging to an instance.'.
'Test for get_new_command.'.
'Accepts a pytree Pattern Node and returns a set DCNL of the pattern
'Get command line args from the user.'.
'Load the Nile data and return a Dataset class instance.
'Set the extension of a URL DCNL.
'Establish a connection to etcd'.
'Ensure that \'from\' and \'to\' are the same.'.
'Check if server is compatibility with client. DCNL client: a client object DC
'Write group mapping file. DCNL :param user_group_mapping: {
'Test no_err_windows function. DCNL :param caplog: A
'Create a taxed price from the given `item` or `priceful
'Return whether p canon BP.'.
'Get the prompt tokens.'.
'Create a user list DCNL.
'Attach a json userstory extra info representation to each object of the queryset.
'List the manifest files for the given extension.
'Run a command in a subshell and return its output.
'Get translate tetragrid from elementNode.'.
'Calculates a hash on a file.'.
'Register the OVS agent.'.
'Remove media list item at position i_pos. DCNL.
'>> formaction <form> <action> DCNL Set form action to <
'Convert a string to an integer or a floating point number, DCNL return the
'set the default colormap to viridis and apply to current image if any. DC
'Returns a ``field`` with a `` primary key`` option.
'Returns True if the instance state has changed, False otherwise DCNL CLI Example:
'Given a policy name, delete it.
'Test the fit sample routine using a NN object'.
'Customise the fields for the org_resource table DCNL - designed to be
'Read the fragmented fragments of a given size and length.'.
'Format the size in bytes into a human readable form.'.
'Sends one or more mails to the device.
'Return a list of raw samples for the user.
'Converts a byte string to a unicode string.
'Helper for views.commonplace that returns commonplace DCNL URL.
'Encode Morse code with optional mapping.
'Clears accumulated statistics on the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Start the CCI instance and return 0 if successful.'.
'Test if files not found in the list command.'.
'Downloads transcripts from youtube for youtube_id from video_descriptor.'.
'Creates a new notification server instance to be used when instantiating a notification DCNL
'Returns an iframe close page'.
'Open file in windows.'.
'Returns a dependency graph of the requirements file DCNL :param package_list:
'Testing the output of a successful feature'.
'List all Mongodb databases DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Rename \'folder\' with the similar extension (e.g.
'like cgi.parse_qs, only with custom unquote function'.
'Return a set of PRs between start_ref and end_ref strings, or
'Compare a partial dict `comparee` with the corresponding values in DCNL `
'Return the pack details from the index. DCNL :param pack: The pack
'Filter a queryset by products for which the user is staff. DCNL :param
'>>> sanitizebase32(\'a/b/c\') DCNL
'Test that replay.load raises if the replay_file is not present.'.
'Test automatic use of tight_layout'.
'Parse the attribute type. DCNL :param attrtype: The name of the
'Parse Roader values. DCNL :param value: The Roader
'Callback used by PyYAML when a "!pkl:" tag is encountered.
'Register a callback to be invoked when logging is enabled.
'Set the disk timeout in minutes for the given power scheme DCNL CLI Example:
'Does `cmd` have an executable?'.
'log_dirichlet_con(dirichlet_con) -> log_
'Gets a filepath or buffer object, either from a URL or a buffer object DC
'Generates a property value from a template'.
'Revoke a cert by file name.'.
'Unquotes a JSON document.
'Return the nth value in the Fibonacci sequence.'.
'Add a point on the path and the pixel table to the point at the index DC
'Converts entry element to queue object DCNL :param entry_element: The
'Remove article.'.
'A demonstration showing how to draw a tree.'.
'Get epochs.'.
'Assert that the requester makes the request to the request user is an administrator if DCN
'Create a CSS gradient from the provided base color starting at `start` and DCN
'Verify that the current virtual environment has been verified to have the required DCNL revision
'Helper function for the _repr_pretty_ method to pretty-printing DCN
'Remove a module from the loader.conf DCNL mod DCNL module to
' Standard deviation of a property DCNL Parameters DCNL prop : float DCN
'Change the working directory to another directory, temporarily.'.
'Loads a YAML document from a file.'.
'Get a repository writer object.'.
'Return the path to a. photo file'.
'Reverts a configuration that was committed.'.
'Add a list of trait names to a base class.'.
'Render an error page to the user.'.
'The fixture to load a genesis file as a bytestring.'.
'Make sure expressions can produce floats'.
'Decipher with ``objid`` and ``genno`` for ``obj
'Serialize column mapping data into YAML dictionary.'.
'Determine if a polygon is inside another polygon.
'Determine the correct data type for a function *func_name*.'.
'str(s) -> string DCNL Returns a string representation of a None value
'Shutdown the device by spawning a child process.
'M attributesgetter function. DCNL Arguments: DCNL attrs (dict):
'Return the pid of the parent process (PID).'.
'A coroutine (pipeline stage) to log each file to be imported.'.
'Create a QColor from specified string DCNL Parameters DCNL text : str DC
'Download file.'.
'Return the contents of a sibling of a file DCNL Parameters DCNL filename
'Runs the celery command line interface.'.
'Return a list of all rooms the client is subscribed to.'.
'Creates the ports tree DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, music database section:* DCNL ``searchadd {
'Create a pseudo entity protobuf from a query.
'Display a contribution page.'.
'Check for import_translation_for_log_or_exception.
'Discretize model by performing a bilinear interpolation.'.
'When time zone support is enabled, convert naive datetimes DCNL entered in the current
'Get the encoded tuples from the given list of DCNL LDAPcontrols instance.'.
'Get the user id (uid) of the current process.'.
'close the root element only.'.
'Load aexperiment.py file and return the experiment descriptor, DCNL and the
'Convert hours into a human-readable time string.'.
'Fetches information of an active server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the logging methods on a class.'.
' D dedent a function. DCNL.. versionadded:: 0.17.0 DCNL
'Return the difference of two sequences'.
'Convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string'.
'Redirect to the jump_to page, given a course_id and location.
'Get the amount of memory that will be used to open a connection to DCNL
'Start engines'.
'Ppo (ROC)'.
'Get or create identifiers for a given DOI DCNL :param node: The
'Load a texture from a texture file'.
'Returns n random rows of dict \'d\'.
'Return the path that should be placed into the user\'s home directory.
'List metadata fields. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'%%file'.
'Call C{function}. If it raises an exception, log it with a minimal DC
'View to the log buffer of the user.'.
'Create a log file in the current directory.
'Returns a numeric identifier of the latest git changeset.
'Take a DataFrame of equivalence classes and split them into DCNL equivalence classes
'Delete keys based on a glob match'.
'Train using an HDF5 design matrix with random data.'.
'Test that basic pip basic command works'.
'Test POST to a proxy'.
'Print a list to a string.
'Add a new host key to the user\'s ssh daemon.
'Get detailed information about a certificate.
'Determine the disk type to use.
'Assert that the given index is in the product of the given levels.'.
'Return a job id to the joysticks'.
'get_text_box(text, fs) -> (text, fs) DC
'Multiply together several polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Check if a PostgreSQL database exists.'.
'Return a path to a file in the state directory'.
'Raise system exit if there are enough groups'.
'Gets theotion of apolar at a specified time.
'Test that we can linkoptimizations with an index that already DCNL exists
'*musicpd.org, client to client section:* DCNL ``noid
'Find if release has a failed release DCNL :param release: release to check
'Makes a naive datetime.datetime naive in a given time zone.'.
'OS-specific conversion from a relative URL of the \'file\' scheme DCN
'Converts a datetime to microseconds since the epoch.
'Get all loaded names in a code object.'.