'Helper function for _fill_and_verify_kernel_shape.
'Build a tree structure from a queryset.'.
'Converts a serialized packer dict into a packer dict.'.
'Return True if the step log file at the given path matches the step log.'.
'Returns a random integer of length n.'.
'Returns True if x is a sparse variable.'.
'Configure buffer sizes'.
'Test vi editing'.
'Scales time_seconds_arr by the given unit.
'Test preprocessing'.
'A context manager that loads and unloads a plugin.'.
'Directory.create with slashes or backslashes'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Decorator to check if a function is expected.'.
'Test remote topology.'.
'Return the user\'s profile.
'Configure the hostnames in the configuration.'.
'Returns the SHA1 hash of a thumbnail file.'.
'Run the upsert command.'.
'Validates a list of requirements.
'Return the first row of a cursor as a dictionary.'.
'Given a module path, return a tuple of (module_filename, module_type)
'Read a response from a socket.'.
'Returns a list of all OAuth parameters that are present in the given dictionary.'.
'Location index page'.
'Remove trailing lines from the beginning of a list.'.
'Create a new comment.'.
'Returns a list of fields from a field name.
'Returns True if the given text is a valid string.'.
'Test strf index'.
'Run the command-line tool.'.
'Writes a representation of an instance.'.
'<word> -- Get the usage of <word>.'.
'Creates a new subscription for the given topic.
'Returns the negation of the given clause.'.
'Get a virtual interface by id.'.
'Returns the version details for a lambda function.'.
'Return the size of a header table.
'Fixes the indentation of the given code to new_indents.
'Parse an iterable into an alignment object.
'Converts a string into a list of line numbers.'.
'Get the eth link from the vif dictionary.'.
'Return the default color for the current context.'.
'Create msvs projects.'.
'Return the index of the cms'.
'Clear the cache directory'.
'Returns the headers as a JSON string.'.
'Return a list of the variables in the database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install one hue app.'.
'Loads a PEM file into a base64 encoded string.
'Create a temporary directory. DCNL Parameters DCNL suffix : str DCNL string DCNL
'Registers the given class as the instrument manager.'.
'Returns a list of unique elements.'.
'Get a list of authors for the given apikey, username and password.'.
'Converts a filetime to a timestamp.
'Find a command in the given path.
'construct(t) -> Expression DCNL Return a new instance of ``T`` with
'Check if package control is installed by package control.'.
'Converts a date and notes string to a tuple of (date, notes) DCNL
'Get all snapshots for a cgsnapshot.'.
'Executes the push operation on the given object.
'Set a key/value pair DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup the dteenergy bridge sensor.'.
'Export a library to XML.'.
'Get the versioneer configuration.'.
'Test pip with a missing argument.'.
'stack(xs) -> (xs, xs) DCNL Return the stack
'Send a file to the server.
'Return the mysql error'.
'Closes the connection to the device.
'Get the index of the shortest point in a path.'.
'Returns True if the graph is semantically equivalent to g1_node.'.
'Encodes the result as a signed certificate.
'Set the current settings environment.'.
'Get all glance metadata.'.
'Return the cyclotomic roots of ``f``.
'Test loading mapping warnings.'.
'Yield permutations of an iterable.
'Return an uncompacted version of creation_sequence.
'Converts an event to a flat format. DCNL :param event: The event to
'Load a block from the template.'.
'Return the HTTP data for the current stack trace.'.
'Return the number of seconds since the current time in the given timezone.'.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Sorts a list and returns a tuple of (d, z) and (d,
'Reset the database.'.
'Cleans HTML and returns it as a string.'.
'Execute a task. DCNL :param task_info: TaskInfo to execute DCNL
'Set the filesystem home directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given string is an expression, False otherwise.
'Return True if the node is healthy'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Get the name of a package in the recipes directory.'.
'Converts a value to a string.
'Fake ORM instance.'.
'Return the quorum of the cluster.'.
'Converts a JSON value to a datetime.datetime.
'Plot an image and patch.'.
'Check if a command exists in a path.
'Get a category by id.'.
'Retry the request to allow Facebook to invite a user to join their friends.'.
'Gets a feedback message for the given thread.'.
'Dump a mrjob conf to a file.
'Update an account. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns True if the source collection and destination collection are equal.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Estimate the variance of the gaussian covariance matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL resp : ndarray DCNL
'Get the precision.'.
'Return the diff expression for the current branch.'.
'Return True if the given user has the given role.
'Return the source code for the given object.
'Only work on SmartOS'.
'Test iter_evoked.'.
'Require a pootle translation store.'.
'Authenticate flow using httplib2.'.
'Return True if the string starts with \'abs\'.'.
'Get the registry for a tab.'.
'Test output with colorful output'.
'Write journal entries to a file.'.
'Test reordering of a pattern.'.
'Returns a list of words for a query'.
'Iterates over a list of links and returns a list of crawled objects.'.
'Return a sorted list of domains with the given split label.'.
'Return a list of all services that are disabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return an importer for the given path.
'Only load if the kernel is installed'.
'Create a rebulk object for the current project.'.
'Returns the rastrigin-skew of an individual.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Enforce an action for the current project.'.
'Checks if the given data is a valid CRC.'.
'Build a simple tree.'.
'Convert an instance id to an EC2 ID.
'Edit a service.'.
'Return a dictionary of options that are coalesced according to types.'.
'This is the main command line tool.'.
'Test that scenarios solved by scenario tables are solved.'.
'Convert a namespace to a regular expression.'.
'Return the credentials from the credentials file.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance.'.
'Checks that d is a numpy array and has the same shape as d.
'Iterate over the inputs and update the incoming dictionary.'.
'Reads a table with no header specifications'.
'Returns the nth element of the iterable.'.
'Replace the given register number with the given value in the flow parameters.'.
'Read a bit-packed hyperbolic id from a file.
'Set home_page if product is product'.
'Test lazy processing'.
'Emits unformatted lines.'.
'Returns the request body.'.
'Classify labeled points using the KNN algorithm.
'Setup a BEM solution.'.
'Creates a new password using the hasher provided.
'Return the context for the given route.'.
'Make a delta file.
'Write worksheet hyperlinks.'.
'Returns the CASA version of a FASTQ file.
'Return a list of imports for the given module.
'Convert a hex color to an rgb color.'.
'Ensures that the given domain is a valid IP address.
'Create a model function for the given operator.'.
'Load the description script from the given experiment directory.'.
'Return the number of words in a string.'.
'Retry an instance update attempt.
'Compare two epochs infos DCNL Args: DCNL info1 (dict): info
'Set the user\'s information on the registry.'.
'Find all documents in input_dir and extract text.'.
'Parse a range header. DCNL :param range_header: The header to parse DC
'Scrub a viewpoint with a new viewpoint.'.
'Build all the libraries'.
'bingimage -- bing image DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a manual search item.'.
'Get the label string from a dictionary.'.
'Returns a fallback document, redirecting to the default language.'.
'Removes the file at `path` as a read-only file.'.
'Get layer variables by name.'.
'repeat(x, n).'.
'Converts a datetime object to a millisecond integer.'.
'Returns a mock request for the given user.
'Reads a number of bits from a file. DCNL :param file_obj:
'Ensure that inconsistent table errors are raised.'.
'Handle manual filter results.'.
'Return True if the service is initialized.'.
'Test GCRS with altaz transform.'.
'Clips the path to the beginning and end of the path.'.
'Require(key, value) doesn\'t have primitive values'.
'Detaches all devices from a VM.'.
'Test that customer group pricing module is active'.
'Basic authentication. DCNL :param realm: The realm to use DCNL :param users
'Generate a UUID from the given node and clock sequence.
'Iterate over a corpus file. DCNL :param corpus_file: The file to read
'Create a new user with the specified primary group.'.
'Return an arbitrary address for the given family.
'Get the disk usage of a file DCNL Parameters DCNL d : string DCNL path
'extract_zip_non_verbose'.
'Clear all open flows.'.
'Get triangle mesh from elementNode by negatives and positives.'.
'Return a filename for a test file.'.
'Colorizes a string according to the given color.
'Directly renders a template with the given parameters.
'Get the rotation in degrees.'.
'Finish the task with the given state and results.'.
'Return the extension of a file.'.
'Fix the artifact.'.
'Prompts the user for input.'.
'Test BatchNormalizedMLP learn_shift propagation at alloc.'.
'Whether a gcode linear move file.'.
'Encodes data to JSON.'.
'Create a Python environment.'.
'Get the craft sequence.'.
'Return the filename and line number of the last raised exception.'.
'Return True if the platform is little endian.'.
'Set the maximum number of dirty patches.'.
'Print a list of documents.'.
'Returns a list of notifications for modules.'.
'Returns a list of resource pools for a given service instance.
'Get a poem from the given host, port and timeout.'.
'Fakes a JSONDecodeError.'.
'View for double redirects.'.
'Return a list of keywords for the given lexer.'.
'Generate a unique message ID.'.
'View a response with a secure request.'.
'Adds a community email to the queue.'.
'Check if a course is blocked.'.
'Find a page by CSS.'.
'Update certificate status'.
'Create an xml element.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Ensure the named service is absent.
'Test list json output'.
'Test submitting a unit with unit plural.'.
'Return the value of the terminal in the given source.'.
'Minkowski hull convex hull.'.
'Parse an XML document and return the error value.'.
'Computes the list of allowed methods for a given resource.
'Poll for a file descriptor. DCNL :param fd: file descriptor DCNL :param
'Test the elemwise function'.
'Load all plugins. DCNL Args: DCNL extra_dirs: A list of
'Get the first bday of a given day.'.
'Returns a list of RGB color tuples for brew.'.
'Delete a document.'.
'Converts a value to an integer.
'Register the encoding checker.'.
'Return a copy of trans with the given fig offset and the given units.'.
'Return a list of (offset, a) tuples as a hex string.'.
'Create a new chain.
'Test QNetworkCache.updateMetadata'.
'Stop the session for the given module and number.'.
'Setup the bloomsky sensor.'.
'Checks a password against a hashed hash.
'Create a DiGraph from a graph.'.
'Helper for dvi._arg(bytes, signed, dvi).'.
'Register a search mapping type.'.
'Test the functionality of desktop.'.
'Returns the shape of the dot product of two shapes.
'Displays a list of completions like a readline.'.
'Returns True if course_key is a CCXLocator or CCXBlockUsageLocator.
'Test JSON view error handling'.
'A context manager that redirects stdout and stderr to the given conn.modules.stdin
'Return the content of the request\'s POST.'.
'Simulate kmorethanone'.
'Return a list of all available composite plugins.'.
'Return the filename of the PCAP settings file.'.
'Test subunit output with one error'.
'Returns a query string for a pagination page.'.
'Return the path to the auto-confd file.'.
'Generates a GARCH using the LSD filter.
'Deduce a helpful message from a requirements file.'.
'Test output with colorless output'.
'Removes arrays from a code string.
'Return the size of a file.'.
'Find the first option in argv with short_opts and long_opts.'.
'Write the example configuration to a file.'.
'Makes a PMF with the given high and step.
'Test mne_surf2bem'.
'Get the measurement for the given argument and units.'.
'Check the response for a GCE failure.
'Returns the range of the 4th element of the range.'.
'Return a string representation of an ID.'.
'Returns a dict of course topics for the given topic_ids.
'Decorator to decorate a caller function.
'Delete keys from qos_specs.'.
'Return a query for all activities for a given user.
'Returns a standard reply'.
'Returns a dict of (name_format, value) pairs for wire representation.
'Runs the demos for the given model.
'Upgrade the database to the latest version.'.
'Return the trace of an operator.'.
'Execute a command and return its output.'.
'Test remote save draft'.
'Return netstat information'.
'The howitworks view'.
'Runs sudoer on the given user.
'Creates a tar archive with the given expression in the given directory.
'Prepare the bearer token URI.'.
'Test parallelization of parallel CPUs'.
'Test min_zero layer'.
'Returns a list of categories for the current site.
'Jump to the preview window.'.
'Add a rule to the firewall DCNL name DCNL The rule name DCNL The rule
'Create a stream. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Create a
'Log a message at the ERROR level.
'Run the main loop'.
'Get the parent PID of a process.'.
'Plot the raw data on scroll.'.
'Compute the square root of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Decompose a polynomial in ``K[x]``.
'Check if a path is a package.'.
'Run the wireup command.'.
'Read a numa map from a file and return a dictionary DCNL :param pid:
'Convert timedelta to integral minutes.'.
'Test url to local path'.
'Use reserved_map to get rid of reserved_ids.'.
'Return the absolute path of a URL.'.
'Setup the simulation before the simulation.'.
'Returns the first n elements of a sequence.'.
'Test _validate_if_list_of_axes.'.
'Get the lengths of a file.'.
'Run collections editor test.'.
'Return a redirect to the given url.'.
'Group an iterable into a list of integers.
'Return the base path of a pack.
'List all the hosts on the VMware provider.
'Return the batch det of an array.'.
'Convert a resource to a Project object.'.
'Generate a random slice from a slice length.
'Return the number of seconds from the uptime list.'.
'Combine two flaky annotations.
'Unpublish a collection.'.
'Removes a user from the tenant.
'Calls a JSON RPC method on a given URL.
'Get segment path.'.
'Parse the Resolv file.'.
'Test array.__reduce_ex__ method'.
'Create a blockdevice volume object from an EBS volume object.'.
'Determine if two meshes are the same.
'Performs a suggestion for the given unit and form.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Get an array item from a tuple.'.
'Test the initialisation of the NearestNeighbor class.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Returns True if the current language is BIDI'.
'Choose the best encoding for the output stream.
'Get the label from the plist.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns True if the value of a config variable is equal to the expected value'.
'Rolls back the specified reservations.'.
'Checks if the given version of Keystone is available.
'Download an object from a container'.
'Shelve a server. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Test that opened help link is correct.'.
'Set the current canvas.'.
'Find a git directory for the given path.'.
'Returns the pagination parameters for the given request.
'Ensure that fixline and comment comment expressions are valid.'.
'Require a tutorial.'.
'Return the total physical memory allocated to the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Group a list of (video, subtitles) tuples by video.'.
'Only load if this module is installed'.
'Parses an etag string into a list of etags.
'Main entry point'.
'Sends an email to a user'.
'Return a Style object with color settings.'.
'Converts an IPProto object to a string.
'Return an iterator over all lists in a dictionary.'.
'Add patch info to a list of patches.'.
'Convert a string to an integer.'.
'Subdivide a dimension into a single dimension.
'Encodes a varint value.
'Ensure that translated field supports migration'.
'Return process_open_sockets information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Acuate live servers from a host.'.
'Create a Levicivita instance.'.
'Test flushing the database'.
'Make a ctf file name.
'Allows access to the user to access the given course.
'Revoke a user\'s roles DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List all the clusters that are on the specified datacenter.
'Get the keywords from a git version file.'.
'Returns a list of points in a uniform grid.'.
'Yield n RGB colors.'.
'Returns a list of all ACL groups.
'Generates tokens from a readline.'.
'Get a nonphylogenetic metric by name.'.
'Parse a query string into a list of values.
'Remove stopwords from a list of tokens.'.
'Return True if shell is an IPython interactive shell.'.
'Get the swap size for a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove a file or directory.'.
'Generate URLs for a given mbid.'.
'Execute a Python script.
'Return True if the spec is a list'.
'Checks if the RAET key directories are valid. DCNL :param pki
'Test dict key completion bytes'.
'Check if string is a float'.
'Determine if a vector is a bow.'.
'Get a series by id.'.
'Register a user. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :type request:
'Iterates over all files in the list of files in the S3 bucket.'.
'Returns True if node_op is inverse of prev_op.'.
'Return the account for the given nick'.
'Returns True if the given object is a undefined object.'.
'Get info from frappe'.
'Get a catalog by name.'.
'Test that contains_inf works'.
'Finds the first occurrence of a file in a given block size.
'Get the unit format from the config.'.
'Yields a sequence of struct items for the given test object.'.
'Rolls back the package to the previous version.'.
'Prints the totals for each metric in the results dictionary.'.
'Return True if the given node is a super node.'.
'Normalize mode. DCNL :param mode: mode string DCNL :param mode:
'Get priority strict value.'.
'Return a human-readable version of a date.
'Parse egg info from a.egg file'.
'Get the raw device for the given path.
'Resizes an image with the given encoding and size.
'Remove a handler from the registry.'.
'Helper to wrap a shell command in the environment.
'Update metadata for a volume.'.
'Extract a value from a dictionary.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from side loop.'.
'Migrate search migrations.'.
'Main function.'.
'Return a structure for a user.'.
'Return a list of all tables in the database.'.
'Validates that the options dictionary is valid.
'Returns a random choice tensor.
'Asserts that a and b are identical.
'A context manager that creates a temporary file.
'unpack(s, default = 0) -> int DCNL unpack(s, default =
'Fills an array with the data in arr.'.
'Generate a grid of points for a given pixel.'.
'Reload the scheduler DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Reset the quota for bpsmeter'.
'Return a list of all available data extensions.'.
'Returns a list of n colors in a matplotlib colormap.
'Return (z, p, k) for a given number of points.
'Safely split an estimator into two subsets.'.
'Test x_labels'.
'Converts the given data to the given format.
'Run the self test'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'ClippedObject(obj, maxElementSize) -> string DCNL Return a copy of
'Checks if a repository has a previous review.
'Get the user base.'.
'Validates that the given value is a regular expression.
'Attach a volume to a server.'.
'Clean up a temporary directory.
'Test maxshield file'.
'Grab a gcode linear move file.'.
'Shuffle a list.'.
'Iterate over batches of data.
'Formats a dictionary of changes and returns a tuple (changes, ctext) DCNL
'Delete an instance info cache.'.
'Get the attribute flags.'.
'Returns a list of indices from a string.'.
'Returns a JSON response for the course sale records.'.
'Returns True if the given text is a valid string.'.
'Add a resource to the container.'.
'Prompt for user input.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test hug.types.marshmallowSchema'.
'Check to see if a profile is associated with an instance.
'Get the chain text from a list of procedures.'.
'Get the mountpoint for a cgroup controller.'.
'Main entry point for parquet.'.
'Return the default time display string for the given datetime.'.
'Create a list of managed nodes from a list of addresses.'.
'Print a tag and print it to the stream.'.
'Convert a sympy matrix to a NumPy matrix.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Unblock a bd address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a resource dict'.
'Return the zone with the given name.
'Return True if resource1 is inside resource2.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression'.
'Return the name of the file to read from the store.'.
'Escapes a string for use in shell escapes.'.
'Return a URL-safe version of ``t``.
'Convert a numpy array to a dummy array.'.
'Converts a string to a boolean.
'Find a TeX file in a given format.
'Sends a list of inventories to a resource provider.'.
'Return a suitable downloader for the given info_dict.
'Create a tarball with the given template and files.'.
'Convert an IP address to an integer.'.
'Runs the command to convert the given list of arguments.
'Disable availability zones for a service.
'Return the percentage of the CPU for the given function.
'Make a declare string.'.
'Push a release to the current working directory.'.
'Find changes in the specified accounts.'.
'Add two numbers.'.
'Returns a box containing the list of reviews for an addon.'.
'Get a group type by id.'.
'Renders the given template using the given context.
'Open an index list.'.
'Print the decoders.'.
'Check if a service exists and is running.'.
'Check that the classification targets are valid.'.
'fit(function, x, y, p0) -> (params, pcov)
'Checks that the time history is consistent with the time history.'.
'Force a job to be launched.
'Runs vagrant on the system.
'Creates a dictionary of option values for a given optionable type.
'scenario.from_string with inline comments ignore in single quotes'.
'List all QThreads'.
'Test normal mode.'.
'Write a status message to the console.'.
'Delete a repository.'.
'Return True if the string is a IPv6 address.'.
'Convert a read name to a XYZ value.'.
'Decrypt data with expanded_key.'.
'Returns a socket object for a given IP address.
'Set the proxy on the given server on the given port.
'Convert hex string to rgba array.'.
'Return a list of all revisions for a given package.
'Save photos for a user.'.
'Get the temperature of a temperature.'.
'Update a version.'.
'Returns a unique ID for the given cloud instance.'.
'Remove all files from the database DCNL :param dt: The datetime to remove DCNL
'Check connectivity of a cluster DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Initialize a module'.
'Find all occurrences of a pattern in a string.
'Marks the target blank for the given URL.
'Returns True if the loop is intersecting with the list.'.
'Sets dirty quota usage for a tenant.'.
'Return a list of fasta IDs from a list of fasta files.
'A context manager that augments usage errors.
'Remove all files in the __file__ directory.'.
'Releases a vlanid from the database'.
'Return a mocked template string.'.
'Returns the value of ``f`` with ``a`` in ``f``.
'Transpose an expression into a matrix.
'Returns True if `val` is a string.
'Return the number of coverage files for this task.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Monitor the named service DCNL
'expandasteriskfor columns'.
'Test collect function'.
'Compare two keys.'.
'List all hosts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of systemctl commands'.
'Returns a list of pages that are siblings of the given page2.'.
'Write content to output_path'.
'Replaces the given file with the given data.
'Returns a string suitable for use as a connection string.'.
'Check if an entry is present in a set DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the user is welcome to osf4m.'.
'Set the icon for the given filepath'.
'Return the module with the given name and functions.'.
'Find an approval for an object.
'Return the desktop module with the given name.'.
'Checks if a tool dependency is valid.
'Encodes a byte string using z85.'.
'Set the domain for the given string. DCNL Args: DCNL strs (str
'Checks for invalid dna characters in header and mapping data DCNL :param header:
'Splits a list of arguments into a dictionary'.
'Create a date locator for a given number of ticks.
'Remove all modules from sys.modules'.
'Install a handler using a signal.'.
'mkdir(stdout, stderr, environ, *args) -> int DCNL Create
'Return True if the system is BSD.'.
'Returns the Greatest Common Divisor of ``p`` and ``q``.
'Test removing a viewpoint.'.
'Returns a mocked record for the given id.'.
'Return a cache key for a namespace.
'Displays a deprecation warning for a unit.'.
'Replace \'type\' with \'type\'.'.
'Lock the current workstation.'.
'Run the main loop.'.
'Return the hash of the subdb at the given path.'.
'Set the verbose level.'.
'Initialize maildir'.
'Returns a list of extra specs for a given flavor.
'Get the status of a datapusher.
'Unpack lines from a string.'.
'Create a temporary allow rule.
'Returns a list of members of an object.
'Convert DKL to RGB DCNL Parameters DCNL dkl : ndarray DCNL
'Test incorrect case file index'.
'Charts index page'.
'Builds a HL0B training set.'.
'Return a function that removes docstrings from docstrings.'.
'Lock a node. DCNL name DCNL The name of the node to lock DCNL
'Parse a storage file into a dictionary.'.
':type text: string DCNL :rtype: string DCNL :rtype: string
'Returns the variance of a covariance matrix.
'Group items by key_fn.
'Test inverse operator with noise covariance and noise covariance rank.'.
'Convert a matroska date to a datetime object.
'Return True if CSF is running'.
'conditional_expression : conditional_expression'.
'Return True if the given secret is decryptable by the given user.'.
'Check if a drive exists and is a mount point.'.
'Return True if symptom cache is enabled without a backend.'.
'Filter release name based on filter words.'.
'Return the virtualbox command.'.
'Parse a template string.
'Filter a list of values based on a list of values.
'Constructor for a shared variable.
'Task to unsubscribe a user from a basket.
'Assign a user to a page.
'Dumps memory to a file.'.
'Series of rolling vwap volumes in a rolling DataFrame DCNL Parameters DCNL df :
'Return the name of the bench function.'.
'join(*args) -> str DCNL Joins a list of paths in a path
'Kotanchek(data) -> float DCNL Kotanchek(data)
'Archives a list of StatResults. DCNL :param stat_results: StatResults
'Execute a command and return the output and error.'.
'Remove noise from output_string.'.
'A preview of an answer.'.
'Read a string from a file and return it.
'Test either if an error is raised when the kind is wrong'.
'Test MySQL connection.'.
'list projects modified since date'.
'A context manager that removes the given path from the filesystem.
'Finds the best choice for the given combinations.'.
'Parse a media definition. DCNL.
'Creates a dense tensor.
'Stop running containers.'.
'Returns the phred quality for a given record.
'Find a uuid by name_label.'.
'Get consumer stats.'.
'Iterate over all modules in a given package.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Authenticates with the given credentials.
'Ensure a subreddit exists.
'Generate a client library from a discovery file.'.
'Get the elapsed time between two events.
'Test set_color'.
'Test pushd and popd'.
'Setup the QWikswitch platform.'.
'Choose a random test suite.'.
'Edit an alias.'.
'Load and return an addon config object.'.
'Return the name of a file-like object.
'Convert an epoch epoch to a timedelta object.
'Return a list of all available service types for the agent.'.
'Unescapes a string literal.
'Return the context for the given keyspaces and connections.'.
'Task add subtask'.
'Make an event rule. DCNL :param date_rule: DCNL :param cal
'Read the version from version_file.'.
'Returns the arg_of_softmax of y_hat.
'Revoke all certificates for a user and project.'.
'Returns a tuple (user, password) for the given socket file.'.
'Handler for xblock output'.
'Expands the cookie_path in the protocolinfo response.
'Return the latest release tag'.
'Convert a table to a core table.
'Migrates template facts to the correct format'.
'Returns a tuple of (bins, vals) and (bins, vals) for
'Return a list of grains'.
'Return users information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Extract a link from a link header.
'Initialize metrics bucket aggregator.'.
'Map qos_spec to qos_spec.
'Get the stock balance for an item.'.
'Update the index rows of a new entity.'.
'Return the status of a cluster.'.
'Test the exit status of a help command'.
'Scour the coordinates of the data.
'Creates a campaign with a given bidding strategy.
'Setup the demo sensor.'.
'Start a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Calculates the square root of the mean squared error.'.
'Return a string representation of a packet.'.
'Get a logger by name.'.
'Compute correlation matrix. DCNL Args: DCNL k_vars: The number of variables
'Returns a tuple of (f_gens, g_gens) of the same
'Find the end of expression inline.'.
'Feature.from_string(feature1) has a name'.
'Print a list of files'.
'Creates an httplib2.HTTPClient and authorizes it.'.
'Handles AJAX requests.
'Returns True if the label is 1'.
'Convert a Python object to a binary string.
'Returns the current time zone tag.'.
'Rebuices all the entries in the given document and reconciles it with DCNL
'Return a list of formatters for the given config.'.
'Undo the setup of the root logger.'.
'Expand the gallery for the given metadata.'.
'Convert a column to an image.'.
'Return a string containing the pid of the process.'.
'Check that the current working directory exists.
'Page Folder edit'.
'Stop cover. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Stop cover.
'Return True if the given class is a metaclass.'.
'Return the IPv6 address associated with an IPv6 address.
'Writes the sentiment reviews to the entity writer.'.
'Include enabled extensions.'.
'Get embeddings from options.'.
'Set the media player for a media list. DCNL.
'Converts an object to a list.'.
'Find orphaned children'.
'Change the secure and remember cookie for the current user.
'Returns a list of unique elements'.
'Clear the screen.'.
'Test compound gates.'.
'Formats the given example with the given substitutions.'.
'Converts a camel case string to a camel case string.'.
'Return the default log file for the given exe_name'.
'Get the intersection loops.'.
'Pads a number to the nearest n characters.'.
'Get a provider by name.'.
'Change the username of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Show a resource. DCNL :param resource_id: The id of the resource to
'Returns the URL for a given route.
'Computes the principal power of x and y with the given z.'.
'Converts a path to a unicode string.'.
'Get a value from the database.'.
'Test that `helpcommand.run` raises `CommandError` when the command does not
'Release an address. DCNL.
'ResNet-200 model. DCNL Parameters DCNL inputs : list of (num_
'Clip a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert an IPv4 address to an IPv6 address.
'Test the stft function.'.
'Return the version of Cython.'.
'Returns a list of the SQL indexes for the given app.'.
'Removes the extension from the given name.
'Return a list of recently modified packages.
'Example: DCNL :param n_input: The input layer, n_input:
'List all available upgrades for a repository DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a tuple of (clientbroker, serverbroker, pump)'.
'Formats a slug for a request.
'Convert a text file to an object.
'Return the argspec of a callback.
'Add an organisation if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Create a sparse block from a list of tuples.
'Find and fix the lines in source_lines.
'Run a command and return the output.'.
'Get the options from the options dict.'.
'Test choices'.
'Test bundle error with no output'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Convert a name to a list of labels.'.
'Creates transformations from all_tokens and seen_ts.
'Set the tax on the request'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the given value matches the given pattern.
'Get a JSON object from the Appveyor API at the given path.'.
'List all available apps'.
'Set the diffopcode generator class.'.
'Expands the dimensions of a tensor.
'Find the path to an executable in the win32 environment.'.
'Create a script file for the effects.'.
'Append a path to the end of the path if it exists.'.
'Check if a wildcard is in the database.'.
'Sends an email when a member is removed from a group.
'Checks to see if the user can access the resource.'.
'Return the width of the console.'.
'sort ip'.
'Index a course. DCNL :param course_key: The path to the course to
'Delete preview files for the given instance.'.
'Returns True if the polarity of a string is less than a threshold.'.
'Computes the discriminant of a discriminant of b and c.'
'Test reading user dict with default value'.
'Renders the request data.'.
'Find a library by name.
'Create a grant IP middleware.'.
'Runs pylint on a list of filenames.
'Return a string with backticks removed.'.
'Returns True if the given URL is an HTML page.
'Return a list of all available keyspaces.'.
'Configure the alert hub settings.'.
'Return the default arguments for the command line.'.
'Import a module and return its attribute.'.
'Yield messages from a CSV file.'.
'Creates a StudentAttentance record.
'Like a topic.'.
'Return a dict of stats for the given header and stats.'.
'Unquotes a quoted string.
'Converts an integer into a datetime.datetime.
'Return the summary with the given tag'.
'Get the input file.'.
'Gather clone loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL clone : tf.GraphNode DCNL
'Extract user, email, fullname from a DN string.
'Builds a string representation of a song'.
'Return the number of dictionaries for the given language.'.
'Search for recordings. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Search
'Restores an album\'s directory to its original location.
'Adds a summary mapping to the given otu table.
'Compute the search tree for a given hypervisor.'.
'Post processing of fasta file.'.
'Return if_exists parameter'.
'Find the executable in the given site path.'.
'Find the end of a multiline docstring.'.
'Join a coroutine.'.
'Return True iffni is not installed'.
'Return the version of pylint.'.
'Get volume summary by project.'.
'Complete the skipper command.'.
'Get the text of a message. DCNL Args: DCNL message (str): The
'Returns a list of sort keys and directories.
'Compute the arcsecsec of a number.'.
'Find the Hessian of a point.'.
'Convert a human-readable string to bytes.
'Set theevacuate option'.
'Execute kadmin command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Recursive helper for _rec_eval_tail.'.
'Get the cubic path.'.
'Return the line breaks of a string.'.
'Return a target object for the given package and version.
'Convert an expression into a list of expressions.'.
'Update the status of a collection in the search index.'.
'Sort a pcap file by path.
'Update the instance\'s __class__.'.
'Return True if the given PID exists.
'Reads the next string from the input data.
'Get the unified output.'.
'Reload routes.'.
'Create a synchronized object for a raw array.
'Setup the MQTT Light.'.
'Returns True if attr is a valid extension comm attribute.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Release a tag'.
'Write a message to the preview window.'.
'Get a resampler for a given time group.
'Creates a dataset and returns it as a tuple (dataset, intercept_decay)
'Sort the tree by the given column.'.
'Checks that the saved json is invariants.'.
'Makes a copy of the given signature with the given arguments contiguous.'.
'Test plot_topo_image_epochs'.
'Return a dict of headers to be sent to the client'.
'Rebuild a revdep DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Tampers the given payload with the given keywords.
'Returns the diff renderer class.'.
'Loads all the tests in the given module.
'Get a pull list for a project.
'Returns a message for a response status.
'Wait for a given amount of time.
'Return the root page'.
'Unescape a JID node.'.
'Return True if the given object is iterable of booleans.'.
'Add face from loop.'.
'Find the root of a file or directory.'.
'Runs a synchronous switch on the given connection.
'add32(a, b) -> int'.
'Get a list of SDs.
'Test include and exclude names.'.
'Only load if git is installed'.
'Return the pillar data for the specified item DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Callback for key-value pairs.'.
'Fixture for `app_params` and `shared_result`.'.
'Test on_focus_changed on QBuffer'.
'Patch the cmd_utils for the given symbol.'.
'Insert or update data. DCNL :param data_dict: Data dictionary to insert DC
'Sends a notice when a password has changed.'.
'Adds an argument for the loadgraph command line.'.
'Yields all symbols in the iterator that are not in exclude.'.
'Convert a datetime to a decimal.'.
'Return the source and line of a node.'.
'Return the normpath of a path.'.
'Loads a deseq2 table and writes it to out_path.
'Get the package name for the current Python interpreter.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression'.
'Create a new bucket.
'Get color and alpha.'.
'Remove repeated elements from a list of lists.'.
'Execute the command-line program.'.
'Pause a server.'.
'Parse a string into a Python object'.
'Normalizes a word. DCNL :param word: The word to normalize DCNL
'Test that discretize_model raises an exception'.
'Ensure a network is absent.
'Converts a tuple or tuple into a location list.'.
'Generate a BQ schema from a DataFrame.
'Returns a sort_string key for sorting strings.'.
'Get command line arguments.'.
'Returns True if the graph is connected.'.
'Return the contents of an interface.
'Inplace CSR column scale.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Encodes a password. DCNL :param pw: The password to encode DCNL :
'Set the name of an audio output. DCNL.
'Return a new instance of the service.'.
'Checks that the given string is a valid atom.'.
'Categorical crossentropy. DCNL Parameters DCNL y_true : tf.Tensor
'Returns a product by id.'.
'Test half pie rendering'.
'Import an object by name.
'Ensure that all latex terms in the given format are valid.'.
'Get all files with the given filetypes without the given words.'.
'Creates the logout URL for the given slug.'.
'Return a tuple of (req_host, erhn) and (req_host
'Copy the contents of src to dst.'.
'Clear the screen.'.
'Return the VM\'s location.
'Returns the vector representation of x.'.
'truncate a purified field xss'.
'Creates a tensor with the given state.
'Gets the value of a field.
'Computes the logarithm of a multivariate normal density.
'Convert a CIX version to an XML tree.'.
'Prints an empty dash.'.
'Render a fragment link.'.
'Split a named range string into (sheet_name, xlRange) tuples.
'Set the vary header in the response.'.
'Get all available view extensions.'.
'Search for recent scans'.
'Test regularization of covariance matrix.'.
'Return a window with no window.'.
'Parse a PKT packet.'.
'Build a PDF form.'.
'Return the triangles of a meshgrid.'.
'Clear the site cache.'.
'Returns a stream view'.
'Example2 build_verticle exit'.
'Return a weak reference to target.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Returns True if the given bucket name is a subdomain of the given name.
'Check if a string is a valid obo file.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Try to call to_call with the given kwargs and return the result.'.
'Print a summary of the metadata and metadata for the given version.'.
'Detach a device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Joins a list and returns the result as a string.'.
'Returns a list of free ports in the range [start_port, end_port]
'Call a subprocess and raise calledProcessError if it fails.'.
'Test raw HTML writing'.
'Returns a list of (script, script_name) tuples for each script in choices
'Return the name of the Windows compiler to use.'.
'Start video download. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :param locale:
'Delete a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test recurrent with saved inner_inputs'.
'Raise an exception if the result is not an integer.'.
'Create a renamed tuple. DCNL Args: DCNL parent: The parent of the tuple
'Test bootstrap options with no config'.
'Build a GitHub project.'.
'Returns a set of permissions from a list of URLs.'.
'Create a new GType instance.'.
'Return a tuple of (identifier, string) of the comparison type.'.
'Attach a role to a policy.
'Notify about server group update.'.
'Create the attachments resource.'.
'Return the weight of a topic in ``K[x]``.
'Return the pricing module.'.
'Check if the disk is free.'.
'Fill text at index with text.'.
'Return a list of available colours'.
'Return a dictionary of open and close tags for a given tag.
'Test image_id field validation'.
'Load an executable, version, flavor from an environment variable.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Convert a boolean to an integer.'.
'wrap a fragment with a new content'.
'Return a list of all available keys for the specified user.
'Saves joins to disk DCNL Parameters DCNL args : list DCNL Parameters DC
'Create or resurrect a directory if it does not exist.'.
'Get the chassis datacenter DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the power of nnnm of a matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL a :
'Main entry point'.
'A context manager that ensures the assumptions are consistent.'.
'Return the uid for the given name'.
'Return a dictionary of variables to be used for pagination.'.
'Convert a hex string to a byte string.'.
'Deletes the content of a namespace.'.
'Hover an element.'.
'Unsplits a URL into parts'.
'Returns a stub for the `_nose_tools_trivial_transform`
'Format a string according to the given format.'.
'Computes the mean of the gradient of `x` and `beta`.
'Creates a new overlay workflow.'.
'Return the VM\'s size.
'Get a proxy instance.'.
'Apply a list of changes to a collection.'.
'Return the version of an executable.'.
'Delete lead addresses for a company.'.
'Update a flagged object'.
'Write a FIFF file.'.
'Fetches the MSX HDU.'.
'Returns a numpy array of all estimates for the given reviews.
'Reset the state of a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.IntegerProperty``.'.
'Return the host of a request.
'Compute the minimum of theano coefficients.
'Check if a package is installed.'.
'Start an application in the given directory.'.
'Test that nullable_type() works as expected'.
'Get the read geometry.'.
'Mimify a file.
'Determine the name of a function or method'.
'Log the event in raw format.'.
'Return the common path for a list of paths.
'Remove dnsmasq_accept_rules for a given dev DCNL :param dev:
'Generate a FASTA head file for the given folder.
'Returns a dict with keys that differ from orig and new.
'Moves up or down the stack.
'Computes the gradient scale of the given matrix.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the host name for a VM.
'Return (onrows, oncolumns) tuples of (onrows, oncolumns)
'Given a worder, find increasing sequences.'.
'Fix changes in makefile'.
'Convert an index to a list of tick labels.'.
'Return the sum of the largest k elements in x.'.
'Returns the current stock value for the given supplier and product.
'Connect to the S3 server.
'Return a list of all tables in the database.'.
'Return the path to the portable base directory.'.
'Return the inputs and outputs of a node.'.
'Return the qualifying prefix for the given module and qualifier.'.
'Displays a user.'.
'Delete a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Cross validation for model selection.'.
'Return True if the LDAP user is enabled, False otherwise.'.
'Delete a network interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a string that can be used to render a template.'.
'Get the maximum span of the loop.'.
'Fake a blockdevice mapping object.'.
'Get information about a container.'.
'Create a new named fifo.
'Get the default temporary directory.'.
'Render a report. DCNL :param cr: Report object DCNL :param ids:
'Unsubscribes a document from a topic.
'Iterate over items of a multi-dict mapping.
'Return a list of headers for the current request, response and entity.
'Delete a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Return a list of foreign keys for the given connection.'.
'Log a message to the console.'.
'Remove a patch operation from an API key.
'Checks if an anchor is found in the file.'.
'Get or create a hosted zone.
'Test the smoke environment.'.
'Remove a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Checks that the index name is not reserved.'.
'Convert None to None'.
'Return a list of volume summary'.
'Write a docstring dictionary.'.
'Get the current kernel architecture.'.
'Return data to the server'.
'Fixture to create a filesystem loader.'.
'Test labelio and timecourse estimates.'.
'Validates the covariance matrix.'.
'Get the portage.'.
'Quotes a string for use in an RP file.'.
'Test loading and saving of a file'.
'Return a list of the groups that are on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Generate a key and IV from a PW string. DCNL :param psw:
'Deletes a vlanid from the database'.
'Render the openid request.'.
'Compute the nth root of ``a`` mod ``p``.
'morning Doji Star'.
'Return an iterator over the items in the given SObject.'.
'Add a new service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'gpu_careduce(gpu_elemwise) -> gpu_careduce(gpu
'List upgradable upgrades DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Receive an object from a socket.
'Ensure that the named service does not exist.
'Add create tags to class attributes.'.
'Approximates ``f(p, q, x, prec)`` in ``p
'Get a user.'.
'Run a WSGI function on a WSGI server.
'Fonseca(Individual) -> (fonseca(Individual) DCNL
'Log the console output for a server.'.
'Return a list of actions for the module bookmarks.'.
'Display an RGB color.'.
'Read a file and return a list of lines.'.
'Test exit on collection error.'.
'Return the next host.'.
'namespace_scope : ID DCNL | ID DCNL | ID DCNL | ID DC
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Return the user home directory for the given path.'.
'Computes the LCM of ``f`` and ``G``.
'Copy data from master to master_fd'.
'Get the where clause of x.'.
'Computes an optional configuration value.
'Loads the translation and unit data for the given language.'.
'Convert a list of arguments to a list of arguments.'.
'Test deleting a category.'.
'Convert an object to a commit.
'Open the svg page.'.
'Format a list of messages.'.
'Build a bundle of assets.'.
'Try to import an object and return the object'.
'Rebuild a function. DCNL :param code_reduced: code_reduced
'Split an optional netmask. DCNL :param address: DCNL :type address:
'Return the rcctl command.'.
'Get the limit and marker from the request.
'Convert an ElementTree to a dictionary.'.
'Removes the given xmlns from the given element.'.
'Get the render context.'.
'Parse the test files option.'.
'Formats a power into a human-readable string.
'Get the presentation with the given ref_id.'.
'Return a string representation of the given routines.
'Parses a string into an integer.
'Require the italian tutorial store.'.
'Get a child node with the given tag.'.
'Returns a copy of the default_config with the given values.'.
'Colorizes text according to the given color.
'Returns a list of tuples of (x,y) tuples of (x,
'Get the limit parameter from the request.'.
'Import all modules from the perspective'.
'Get the difference between two values in a file DCNL :param fs: Path to the
'Try to open a secure SSH server with a password.
'Test that eeg_average_ref can be loaded'.
'Unscrub a string.'.
'Create a decorator for the given middleware class.'.
'Decrypt a stream. DCNL :param mode: The mode to decrypt DCNL :param
'Get a prime number from a number of bits.'.
'Return a tuple of (line_number, total_lines).'.
'Convert docfreq to idf. DCNL Parameters DCNL docfreq : float DCNL
'Publish a stream. DCNL test : string DCNL test : string DCNL test:
'Return True if the given SQL statement is an open quote.'.
'Return the AAF of the specified host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Write a file to a directory.
'The main function'.
'Return the string representation of the expression.'.
'Returns the handler for the given model class.'.
'Convert an HTML document to an XHTML document.
'Return the first nonzero element of the condition.'.
'Set the rate limit.
'Non unique prefix completion'.
'Given a base date and a date, return a date based on the date and DCNL
'Return True if rbenv is installed.'.
'Find the first majority element in a list.'.
'Solve discretelyapunov problem with bilinear equations.'.
'Get the prime of a number.
'Convert a sequence of time stamps to a temperature.'.
'Converts a string to an integer list.
'Clear the cache.'.
'Convert a regular expression into a tuple of (re.escape, flags).'.
'Return a hash of the given item with all the ephemeral paths removed.'.
'Expected simple_tag with context parameter.'.
'Returns a list of coefficients of ``f`` in ``K[x]`
'Return the max id of a database.'.
'Get the mapview configuration.'.
'struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration'.
'gpu_sparse_block_outer(inplace=True) -> gpu
'Split text into integers.
'Get the python library zip.'.
'Test cursor keys'.
'Test cookiecutter with no input return project directory'.
'Check if the minimumc version is available.'.
'Find the node with the given path and return its text.'.
'Get the carving from the parser.'.
'Parse change_values from opts.'.
'Return a dict of test arguments'.
'Sci(image) -> _Sci(image) DCNL :param im:
'Returns a user\'s membership for a project.'.
'Return True if the given stream is public, False otherwise.'.
'Test inverse function'.
'Determine if the areallsdrs are unique.'.
'Computes the gegenbauer polynomial of ``n`` with ``x`
'Switch an organization DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Yield (key, value) pairs from a cookie string.'.
'Render a template. DCNL Parameters DCNL args : dict DCNL Parameters DCNL template
'Return a stringified version of the given package dictionary.'.
'Guess the filename of an object.
'Submits a grade report for the given course.'.
'Checks if two values are valid DCNL Args: DCNL expected (int, int
'Return a queryset or manager for the given class.'.
'Returns the current route path.'.
'Test float_range'.
'Exit the program.'.
'Cumulative Moving Average'.
'Returns entity metadata.'.
'Load a model from a file.'.
'Create a window function from a list of drilldown paths.'.
'Return a list of route objects for all available adapters.
'Parse command-line options.'.
'Converts a dictionary of parameters into a dictionary of parameters.
'Return a generator that yields lines that have been marked as commented.
'Return a list of IP addresses for the given server.
'Get the comment app.'.
'Find an executable in the given path.
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type and parsed_ranges
'Create a PandasSQL database from a SQLAlchemy database.
'Returns the course display string for the given descriptor.'.
'Only load if namecheap is installed'.
'Get the asset log for the given asset id.'.
'Extract text from an xml element.'.
'Returns the default JSON representation of an object.
'Convert an operator to a list of operators.'.
'Returns a list of the names that match the given regular expression.
'Get volume type by id.'.
'Initialize the standard library.'.
'Strips the exception from the traceback.'.
'Returns a dictionary of changes between model1 and model2.
'Add indexes to the database.'.
'Return event data to the salt server'.
'Test virtualenv'.
'Return True if the user is registered for the given course.'.
'Register services.'.
'Get a foreign struct by name.'.
'Check if a mysql database exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure that a directory exists.
'broadcast(tensor, devices) -> tuple'.
'Get a list of words from a file.
'Return the help string for this tool.'.
'Rotate an array by 64bit unsigned integers.'.
'Returns True if pattern matches sentence.'.
'Encodes a string using the win32 encoding.
'Checks for a single allocation.'.
'Return True if w has a vowel'.
'Start interactive mode.'.
'Returns a copy of the current session\'s plot options.'.
'Attach epic custom attributes to each object of the queryset.
'Return the state of an object.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Get qualityofservicespecs by spec id.'.
'Setup the insteon platform.'.
'Loads a WSGI application from a file.
'Returns True if the user has studio view access to the given course.'.
'Wraps a string with the given word argument.'.
'Split a huge add or mul.'.
'Power off a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the driver for the given module and class.
'Return a dictionary of arguments to pass to os.env_args.
'Takes a string and truncates it to max_length characters.
'Returns a list of the required fields for the infinibox.'.
'Validate a local IP address.'.
'Get the string representation of an integer.'.
'Compute the product of two matrices.
'Get the output of a gcode linear move.'.
'Creates the EEB commands.'.
'Get the configuration tag.'.
'This function is called at server_cold_stop.'.
'Return a list of available flavors.
'List keys DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ping a listener. DCNL :param dbapi_conn: dbapi connection to
'Return True if the NVM is available.'.
'Return the attributive of an adjective.'.
'Setup the Flask application.'.
'Checks if the target has a handshake.
'Delete an attribute from a class'.
'Try to find an element with the given id and wait for it to finish.'.
'Rotate a color by percent.'.
'Convert a roman numeral string to an integer.'.
'Create a new timeout and cancel it if it fails.
'Get new repository.'.
'Print a list of all available frameworks.'.
'Pick the counters for the given log_interpretation.'.
'Remove the given distribution from the cache.'.
'Test the representation of a table'.
'Update a record in a zone.
'Get the geometry output.'.
'Test regression'.
'Returns the absolute URL of a path.'.
'Start the repository\'s main loop.'.
'Get the current playback rate. DCNL.
'Only load if the module is installed'.
'Find a directory in the path.'.
'Compile a function using the pipeline.'.
'Test that the run method returns success when find-packages'.
'Test the extension of a flask extension.'.
'Returns the number of nests in the given style.'.
'Returns the plural of the given string.
'Check that the requirements are valid.'.
'Sleep a random amount of time.
'Returns True if `val` is an integer.'.
'Create extra fill loops.'.
'Test that the base of reduction function can be used'.
'Determine if the version of the candidate matches the requirement DCNL Args: DCNL candidate
'Test the request mock.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of a task'.
'Generate numvectors vectors.'.
'Return a random rotation matrix.
'List all installed packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add a header to the context.'.
'Creates a transfer manager for the given client.
'Return the epsilon closure for the given state.'.
'Parses a signed request.
'Returns the name of the file for the given type and test.'.
'Stub out a set of functions.'.
'Test nvidia driver'.
'Only load if InfluxDB08 is installed'.
'Compile a URI into a Python source file.
'Returns the URL to the document for the given version.'.
'Add noise to input.'.
'Print a list of strings to stdout.'.
'Write metadata to a file'.
'Returns the current language.'.
'Set the plugin path environment'.
'Check if a file is missing.
'Wrap a variant into an enum variant.
'Generates an ITP with the given alpha and alpha.'.
'One argument function. DCNL >>> onearg(1) DCNL >>> onearg(
'Writes the usearch61 log file.'.
'Parse a list of (filename, page_range_all) arguments.
'Return True if the given object is null, otherwise False.
'Return True if the URI is a valid S3 URI.'.
'Formats a date according to the user\'s format.
'Returns True if the given language is untranslated.'.
'Set the ID function to use for the current thread.
'Validates the api password.'.
'Returns a list of (rating, body) tuples for all ratings.'.
'Teardown the database.'.
'Decorator to apply a function to an audio clip.
'Create a tag cloud with the given words.'.
'Detach a role from a policy.
'Return a set containing the elements of the set that are missing.'.
'Run the Behave command-line program.'.
'declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifier'.
'Create API method response for a resource in the given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns a tuple (name, item) for the given item.'.
'Test trivial'.
'Writes an object to a pickle file.
'Return a list of all dynamic tabs for the given course and user.'.
'Parses a CAS token header.
'Test downloading a wheel.'.
'Returns a tuple (tool_conf, tool_path, relative_install_dir)
'Print query results.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.
'Parse command-line arguments.'.
'Prints a message and exits with the given code.'.
'Return a list of releases for an episode.
'Return True if x is a positive integer.'.
'Return a warning if the given filesystem home directory does not exist.'.
'Return the current revision number.
'Annotate content models by youtube ids.'.
'Test iterator'.
'Returns True if l is a list'.
'Test basic formulas'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL History of all pools DCNL
'Multiply the mean of an array.
'Add a teacher to the current user.'.
'Fill paragraphs with the given width.'.
'Test reading raw ctf file'.
'Test showing weights'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a Java pattern to a Python pattern.
'Replaces all occurrences of old with new.'.
'Returns a dict of information about the given agent.
'Login view. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :param auth_form
'Convert a list of strings into a CSV response.'.
'Get the OS version.'.
'Decodes a string using UTF-8 encoding.
'Raises an exception if the RPC status is not initialized.'.
'Given a table name and a UTC hour, return a datetime.datetime object with DCNL
'Returns the md5sum of a file.'.
'Return (fabs, no_such_function(num_such_function
'Normalize newlines in text.'.
'Iterate over all filenames in a directory'.
'Read a batch of commands from a pipe.
'Set the nameservers for this VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test reset output'.
'Resource factory method.'.
'Task created'.
'Get the string representation of a dictionary.'.
'Return the status of a unit.'.
'Return True if bitsdll is initialized.'.
'Returns the user model name.'.
'Apply count, mean, mean and mean to an expression.'.
'Return the default HTTP User-Agent for the current site.'.
'Run the main script.'.
'Kill the greenlet if it\'s dead.'.
'Cleanup all objects in a bucket.'.
'Returns True if the given object is a generator function.'.
'Returns a form field for the ``s3_permitted``.'.
'Computes the deployment state for the given node state and additional node states.
'List all available extensions.'.
'Adds a separator to a string. DCNL Parameters DCNL sep : string DCNL
'Update a fileserver'.
'Return a dict of all job ids'.
'Installs translations for the given generator.'.
'Serializes a User object into a JSON dict.'.
'Register the plugins'.
'Get block device mapping by instance and volume id.'.
'Only load the module if pypi is installed'.
'Checks that the shape of a parameter is equal to DCNL the shape of the parameter
'Return True if the given module and object match the module.'.
'Calculates the error of a weighted approximation.
'Determine if two synapses are the same.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Register a new scale class.'.
'Return the relative path to a pack.
'Delete a key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return the object at the given address'.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Get all headers matching the given name from the message.'.
'Validate collection options.'.
'Install zmqioloop'.
'Run a Matlab job.'.
'Rewrite legacy bridges'.
'Return the value of a kernel variable DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a list of nspfxs to a dictionary.'.
'Decode a base64 encoded string.
'Update an image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return the title of a layout.'.
'<link> -- Links <link> to <link>'.
'Test that long_type works as expected'.
'Test installing from wheel with legacy file.'.
'Check if an instance is in a resize state.
'Run a script with the given context.
'Formats a number according to the settings.'.
'Check if a module exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prints a summary of the efuses.'.
'Computes the triangulation of a point between x1 and x2.
'Return a list of all branches in a repository.'.
'Convert markdown source to markdown format.'.
'Parse command line arguments.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test figimage'.
'Clone a repository'.
'Format an exception as a list of lines.
'Context manager that pushes the kernel context into the context.
'join(*atoms) -> str DCNL Join a list of atoms into a URL
'Check if a path is hidden in the dot file.'.
'Wait for a Proxmox task to be created.
'Get a dict of flavors by name.'.
'Returns a copy of an array with ones like it.
'Parses an HTTP response.
'Computes the DCNL matrix for a set of rows and columns.
'Search for a word in a string.
'Return the path to the bkrcache file for the given r.'.
'Create an access key.
'Update an existing stack.
'Reshow the figure.'.
'Create a DocumentListEntry from an XML string.'.
'Print a warning if the socket is not accessible.'.
'Sends a bulk message to the given registration_ids.
'Run HTML Tidy on a file.
'Reraise an exception.'.
'Convert a query node to a query node.
'Get a model by app_label and model_name.'.
'Set the platform arch context.'.
'Return data to the psycopg2 server'.
'Get the fill value for a given dtype.
'Get new repository.'.
'Generates an email address for the given user.'.
'join(base, *paths) -> string DCNL Join a list of paths in base
'Looks for a method in the class'.
'Main entry point.'.
'Download a file from an HTTP link.
'Update a FITS file.'.
'Move a file or a directory, if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Test auto close after open task is deleted.'.
'Test that QNetworkCacheMetadata is deactivated.'.
'Wait to see data deleted.'.
'Ignores non-sysadmin users.'.
'Load a certificate from a buffer.
'Return a list of all queues'.
'Convert an identifier to a GCE name.'.
'Return the sqrt depth of a polynomial p.'.
'Return a copy of the current environment with the given arguments.
'Converts a path to a unix path.
'Decodes a string into a datetime.datetime object.
'Get the indices of the magnitudes of the t1 and t2 components.'.
'Import and return the data_api module.'.
'Creates expected photos for the given episode.
'Get a worker by filters.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the ratio is not correct.'.
'Stop watching a document.'.
'Name the desktop with the given message'.
'Converts an attribute string into a boolean value.
'Return the rc_params dictionary from a matplotlib file.'.
'Return the browser for the given user agent.'.
'Test imports on global namespace without path'.
'Return the grade for the given adjective.
'Load data into a DU dataset.'.
'Calls urlfetch_to_gcs and dispatches the response.'.
'Get the current time.'.
'Checks that the user\'s email address is verified.
'Parse a datetime.timedelta object into a timedelta object.'.
'Strips ANSI characters from a string.'.
'Convert an IP number to a quad string.'.
'Describes an enum value.'.
'Generate a list of lorem ipsum words.'.
'Return True if the given module exists.'.
'Setup the application.'.
'Create a quota usage entry.'.
'Display a list of URLs.'.
'Returns the message for the given HTTP status code.'.
'Return the top data of a minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a transfer job for a given project.
'Jump to the given tab number.'.
'Log the status of a node'.
'Get the PREFERENCEs string.'.
'Renders the html page for the given index.'.
'Read a string from a file. DCNL.
'Test output level 1 error.'.
'Add a service group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert special characters to lowercase.'.
'Test the get_peak method.'.
'Return True if a and b are equal.
'Validates that the value is a positive float.
'Return True if repo_type is installed in VCS.'.
'Returns True if a <= b'.
'Get the status of the specified core DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the absolute path of the target of a link.'.
'Return the cache key for the doc html cache.'.
'Context manager to create a temporary directory.'.
'Process a service from the arc server.'.
'Given a list of template names, return the first matching template.
'Return a path to a temporary directory.'.
'Extend the data at the given offset by length.'.
'Add task id if not already present'.
'Compare two entities by key.'.
'Returns True if the given track index has changed.'.
'Perform a search on the whoosh index DCNL :param cntrller: The who
'Converts a datetime object to a datetime object.
'Set the HTTP referer'.
'Delete a repo DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a string representation of a SDR.'.
'Start the salt syndic process'.
'Copy the contents of the source stream to the destination stream.
'Returns a list of (name, mimes, bodies) tuples for each tile in
'Return a serialized version of the input_object.
'Run the main loop.'.
'Return the argument for GCC shared library.'.
'Record an order purchase.'.
'Wait until the pids namespace has no listen pids.'.
'Run py27 tests on a sample.'.
'Get the unified outputs.'.
'Account registration page'.
'Return a key for a rule.'.
'Get the WindowsAnalyzer file given a gcode file.'.
'Convert funshion id to URLs.'.
'Get the CFLAGS variable.'.
'Return the expiration date of the reservation.'.
'Create an alias. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Stop watching approved revisions.'.
'Setup the Winkcover platform.'.
'Ensure a directory exists.
'Imports a document into the database.
'Get all snapshots belonging to a host.'.
'Upload an image attachment.'.
'Parses a query string into query parts.'.
'Validate that the volume is valid.
'Get the overhang direction of a segment.'.
'Encodes a message using 7bit or 8bit'.
'Enable the named service on the system'.
'Rename a class or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Sanitize HTML code. DCNL Parameters DCNL html_code : string DCNL html_
'Get a specific sm volume.'.
'Returns True if two tokens are equal.'.
'Check that fasta_labels and fasta_fp match fasta_labels.'.
'Get the enabled provider from the registry.'.
'Return the default app id for the current environment.'.
'Computes the hinge loss.
'Serialize a collection.'.
'Test sample supervised images.'.
'Get vector3 by prefix.'.
'Returns a generator of all subscriptions for a given user.'.
'Writes an access token to a CGI file.'.
'Return an access key'.
'Adds photos to a dictionary.'.
'Reload a list of containers.'.
'Return True if the file is a text file.'.
'Add points from a segment.'.
'Get partitions from connectivity.'.
'Connect to the given client.
'This event is triggered when the user clicks the help button.'.
'Queue the given instances into the queue.
'Ensure that the named package is removed.
'Raises an assertion error if the given function is not a warning.
'Generate a list of column names.
'Find the p and q primes of the given number of bits.
'Convert a string to an integer.'.
'Get Llut at x and lut. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Returns a JSON representation of the given user feed.'.
'Return True if we have real S3 credentials, False otherwise.'.
'Return the singular value of ``l`` and ``m``.
' mult_int_list_int()'.
'Renders the HTTP response.'.
'Return the number of iscsi targets for a host.'.
'Load a module from a file.
'Return True if name is a global variable.'.
'Test completion for bash'.
'Update a column in the change table.'.
'Fixture to create a Celery application.'.
'Returns a list of n lottery promoted links DCNL :param sr_names:
'Encodes a usage_key into a task_input, task_key and task_
'Dump the current configuration to a string'.
'This view is called when the view is implemented.'.
'Return the build environment override string.'.
'Lookup an address and port. DCNL :param address: DCNL :param port:
'Return True if the password regular expression description is not set.'.
'Yields tuples of (profile_name, role_name, role_document)
'Run the test suite.'.
'Print the dot representation of the expression.'.
'Update properties of an image.'.
'Assert that the status bar s height is equal to the expected height.'.
'Checks if an object is a container.
'Computes the ceiling of an interval.
'Resolves the id of the given object.
'Off the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a queryset for the given model class.'.
'This is called when the application is closed.'.
'Check if we should recompile the source files.'.
'Pauses all paused files at a given time.
'Create a numpy ndindex object from an array of integers.'.
'Copies a search query options object to the protocol buffer.'.
'Add pixel to the pixel table.'.
'Return True if the current configuration has changed.'.
'Parse a patchset from a file.
'Run the test unit'.
'Generate a list of keys.
'Return a FGraph of the given input_specs and output_specs.
'Return the reader class for the given reader name.'.
'Return information about one or more packages.
'exp(p, x, prec) -> exp(p, x, prec) DC
'Add a certificate to a cert store DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a group snapshot.
'Detach a virtual machine from a VM.
'Runs xpdf-distill on a file.
'Add a page if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the path to the config file.'.
'ranking: ignores identifier quotes'.
'Get the loop length of a polygon.'.
'Execute a command and return the result.'.
'Compute the confidence interval for a continuous sample.'.
'Delete a task. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Leaves transaction management for the current thread.
'Convert a bcd integer to decimal.'.
'Returns True if the given user has access to the given forum.
'Return syslog-ng configuration file.'.
'Test IO of inverse operator.'.
'Read size bytes from file and return as unicode.'.
'Validate shuffle_split_init. DCNL Parameters DCNL test_size : ndarray DC
'Returns a ``feed`` object for the given ``url``.
'Get the constructor for the given object.'.
'Convert a string to a unicode string.'.
'Return a list of supported key exchange algorithms.'.
'Extract a snapshot from disk.
'Returns the current user\'s profile.'.
'Convert a file to a base64 image.'.
'Lcm(a, b) -> int DCNL Return the smallest integer between a and
'Flip a multidimensional array along a given axis.
'Open the state file'.
'Recursive function to walk a directory tree.
'Removes the task configuration from the database.'.
'Set attributes by arguments.'.
'Reconstruct a string. DCNL >>> rebuild([1, 2, 3]) DCNL >>> rebuild
'Raises an exception if the index argument is invalid.'.
'Log the user in'.
'Formats a message if it is not already formatted.'.
'Write data to socket.
'Return a list of all files on the master'.
'split_env(url, senv) -> (path, senv) DCNL
'Test group_by'.
'Main entry point'.
'Parses a single word.'.
'Create a temporary directory.
'Redirects back to the given URL.
'Creates an object in the database.'.
'Serialize an instance to JSON.
'Summary Judment for a recommendation.'.
'Read data from the end of a file. DCNL.
'gammaln(x) -> float DCNL Return the value of the logarithm
'Execute a SQLAlchemy query and return the result as a dict.'.
'Parses a list of tagged tokens into a NE chunk.
'Load a PIL font from a file.
'Change the current working directory to the given directory.
'Download a dataset from a given path.
'Delete tags from a node.
'Test paginated URL'.
'cpp_string(t) -> string'.
'Auth using Django\'s auth module.'.
'Formats a playlist'.
'Returns a short module name for the given module name.
'Converts a string to a rank.
'Sync runner modules to saltenv DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Makes an indentation for the given size.
'Pause the downloader if it is running on postproc.'.
'decimate chpi'.
'A context manager that asserts that the exception is raised with the given pattern.'.
'Chunk the XML into chunks.
'Return a template object for the given filename and root directories.'.
'Return the zero triband of a matrix.
'rulesection : SECTION DCNL | SECTION DCNL | SECTION DCNL |
'Convert a string to a Python object'.
'Get a cell by name.'.
'craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Plots the normal probability of a sample.'.
'Extract read information from a file. DCNL.
'Returns the reason for the given cluster or step.'.
'Plot the lines of the plot.'.
'Load a private key from a buffer.
'Return a tuple of (email, email) tuples.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Set the configuration of a service
'Calculate the minimum and maximum interval of the input data DCNL Args: DCNL x
'Dispatches a request and raises a problem if the request fails.'.
'Check the shape of a policy.
'Add offset to loop and vertexes.'.
'Get all cells.'.
'Return a function that can be used to auto-detect a SQLAlchemy database.
'Test a fourier series with a square wave.'.
'A triplet loss. DCNL Parameters DCNL anchor : tf.Tensor DCNL The
'Computes the inverse of a and b.'.
'Return a doc string with the latest plugin information.'.
'Return a string representing the date of the request.
'Crud strings for inv_recv'.
'Create an addon. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Iterate over all spider classes in a module.'.
'Dump a list of probes to a file.'.
'Get all non-private exploration summaries.'.
'Get the CCUDART library.'.
'Test that cross-validation splits can be used.'.
'Calculate the alpha diversity of a single file.
'Extract a summary line from a docstring.
'Given a virt_type and image_meta, return the disk_bus for that
'Ensure that all non-linearity are implemented.'.
'Render a template. DCNL Parameters DCNL args : dict DCNL Parameters DCNL args
'Return a list of Seasons for the given indexer_id'.
'Parse an XML string into an ElementTree.
'Set the dbms for the backend.'.
'Parses a list of lines of indented counters.
'Update an existing revision DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Show detection detections.'.
'Converts a number to a number and returns the number and the hex string.'.
'Run make files.'.
'Helper function for the argsort function.'.
'Draw an dendrogram.'.
'Adds a symbol to the list if it does not already exist.'.
'Get a reference to a repository'.
'Bot left channel'.
'Assert that expr1 is expr2.'.
'Restore a file to disk DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Count the number of entries in a zip file.'.
'Read LSM float pairs from file and return as numpy array.'.
'Inserts the given text at the cursor position in the given format.'.
'Create a new grep widget.'.
'Insort right of list a. DCNL >>> insort_right(1, 1)
'Enable interactive mode.'.
'Renders a modal with the given html and js template.'.
'Returns the storage level for the given request.
'Return True if url is from any of the given domains.'.
'Make a directory structure from a base directory.'.
'Setup the Pywemo platform.'.
'Test writing source space files.'.
'Prompt for a manual id.'.
'Iterate over the trigrams of a sequence.'.
'Checks if the given language code is valid.'.
'Returns the module for a course info section.'.
'Takes a string and tokenizes it and returns a list of integers.'.
'Adds a coupling to a masked convolution.
'Return a dict of style rules for each class in the DCNL inherited_style dictionary.
'Efficiently computes the exponential of an array.
'Return the name of the SM section.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Write a graph to a file.'.
'Ensure that the named block is present.
'Delete a db parameter group.
'Helper function to encode a bytes object.'.
'Raises an exception if the signature is invalid.'.
'Runs the provider queries on the cloud'.
'Lock media list lock. DCNL.
'Return a list of all installed packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if write_opt is set to True.'.
'Initialize the config file.'.
'Runs a command in a separate thread.
'Check that the list of requests are unordered.'.
'Commits the current transaction.
'Create a thrift socket.'.
'Converts a bgp_id to an integer.
'Shor(n) -> (int, int, int) DCNL Returns (int
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Formats an option value according to the given dictionary.'.
'Find all the system plugins.'.
'Find all globals in the AST nodes.'.
'Return the number of minutes between degrees, radians and arcseconds.'.
'Returns a list of user partitions that are part of a split.
'Creates a BigtableAdminStub for the given client.
'Show the details of a user.'.
'Expand a gridsize to an int32 or int32.'.
'Validates that the user\'s permissions are valid.'.
'Check out flow for authenticated user.'.
'Check if a file exists.
'Update volume type. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Update volume
'Update response.headers with the given dictionary of headers.
'Return a sorted list of columns, sorted by priority.
'Open a response in a web browser.
'Copy a file to a remote directory'.
'Create a link to a user'.
'Returns the message for the given permission code.'.
'Iterate over all available lexer classes.'.
'Generate a unique message ID.'.
'Return a copy of e where each element in e is a sub-post. DCNL
'A context manager for inception_v3.
'Returns True if the given text is a valid string.'.
'Computes the resultant of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Reads the bearer token from a file.'.
'Update a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parses a type string and returns a tuple (type, bool, length) DCNL
'Test norbsmall'.
'Parses a string into a timedelta object.
'Dump a certificate request to a buffer.
'Computes the dot product of a and b.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'SCP to an IP address DCNL :param ip_address: IP address DCNL
'Returns the model for the given proxy'.
'Runs a beacon on a list of proxies.
'Returns the user info cookie data for the current user.'.
'Fix relative links.'.
'Main entry point for module execution.'.
'Load the libzmq module.'.
'Splodge a file or text.'.
'Returns True if the given entity is mapped to a mapped class.'.
'Setup ubuntu.'.
'Hhangingman'.
'Downloads a file from a URL and writes it to a destination DCNL :param module
'Pauses playback at a certain interval.'.
'Returns a changelog with a lower bounded version of the changeset revision.'.
'Return the type of the function to use'.
'Return the name of the type of an object.
'Run gunicorn.'.
'Destroy all quotas associated with a project.'.
'Load the context from an object.'.
'Returns True if the request is trusted.'.
'Test rl_end_of_line.'.
'Checks if the option is a list of options'.
'Set the range request to notsatisfiable.'.
'join(*args) -> string DCNL Joins the given path with the given arguments
'Log valid settings for bond6.
'Sanitize a filename. DCNL :param name: The filename to replace DCNL :param
'Minimize the given code. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DC
'Get all collections for a bus.'.
'Generates a client login token.'.
'Returns a link to the parent document for the given topic.'.
'Return a second-nibble hex encoding.
'Disables the warnings logging for the command line.'.
'Return a list of (show_name, indexer_id) tuples for all
'Checks if the given list of course modules are valid DCNL :param course_module
'short line'.
'Returns a green message with the given greetee.'.
'Get the index of the shortest point in a path.'.
'Register the models for the given engine.'.
'Return a master event object'.
'Scrubs a URI if it\'s not already there.'.
'Return a dict of all interfaces in the network.
'Convert gemm to gemv.'.
'Setup worker optimizations.'.
'Return a generation hash for the given value.'.
'Add a constant to a timedelta64.'.
'Close the labjack library.'.
'Fakes an ovo database object.'.
'Shows a header with the ``Expires`` header.'.
'Check that message extractors are valid.'.
'Parses a time string into a datetime object.
'Stop a task time slot.'.
'Create a cdf from a histogram.'.
'Return a list of recommendations for the given brands.'.
'Returns True if Tk is acarbon Tk.'.
'Returns the module name of a service.
'Sends a message to a user via a JSON Tutorial API.'.
'Find a file in the header directory'.
'partition(pred, iterable) -> (True, False) DCNL Return a tuple of
'Sanitizes html_id. DCNL :param html_id: The html_id
'Given a module name and a class name, return a tuple (package, class) DC
'Crops the given title to the given length.
'Enable a server on haproxy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Consume a decimal value from a sequence.'.
'Process a list of video files. DCNL Parameters DCNL processpath : str DCNL
'Returns a list of all pointers pointing to the given node.'.
'Upgrade schema'.
'Install an application.
'Determine if a sequence is sorted.'.
'Parse a byte range header into units, ranges, or None.'.
'Renders the given request and returns a response.'.
'Apply a choice'.
'Helper function to create a timer object.'.
'Parse command-line arguments.'.
'Test trapezoid1d model'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List all blobs in the cloud provider
'Return an iterator over the imaget records in a file.'.
'Convert a canonical path to a local path.
'Convert a string to a boolean.'.
'Apply provider facts to a dictionary.'.
'Format a file size. DCNL :param size: file size in bytes DCNL :
'Return the number of nodes in the graph.
'Adds a non-blank XML subelement.'.
'Render a star.'.
'Corrects comparison results according to the given method.
'Return the number of hours since the beginning of the day.'.
'Read an integer from the stream.'.
'Launch threads.'.
'Return True if a is skipped, False otherwise.'.
'Computes the harmonic harmonic of a spherical distribution.
'Return a list of all the directoryents in a buffer.'.
'Return the encoding of a sequence of bytes.
'Create a figure object from keyword arguments.
'Get the md5 hash of a file.'.
'Conditionally add a query item to a query.
'Test method edit and save methods.'.
'Get course block counts'.
'Load an object from a HDF5 file.
'Parse a PCI address.
'Get the http expiry date for a given number of days or minutes.'.
'Checks if a list of tuples conforms to a partial ordering.
'Returns the binary representation of the given value, with the given number of bits.'.
'Convert a hdfs uri to a real path.'.
'Returns the series of a list of integers.
'Set traffic configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of users to be removed from a node.
'Determine if the composer is installed in the given directory.'.
'Split a file name into a tuple of filenames.'.
'Shows a preview of a resource.'.
'Prints a message to the console.'.
'Returns a string describing the transient sysmeta for the given key.'.
'Creates index only query results.'.
'Return a list of period names for the current locale.'.
'Return an iterator over the CCS features in the specified file.'.
'Return the current working directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Call mysqlextpillar.fetch and return a dict DCNL :param minion_id
'Return a string representation of the given region.'.
'Fills a list of strings with the given length.
'Discretize model by x_range. DCNL Parameters DCNL model : Model DC
'Annotate merge annotations.
'Log ORM cache stats.'.
'Return the commit hash for a package.'.
'Calculate the center of a bounding box.'.
'Unregister a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the given line is a valid comment.
'Return a list of nerd trees.'.
'Return the timestamp for the given table'.
'test_close()'.
'Return True if the value is a undefined object.'.
'Step 5 for a product and category.'.
'Convert a series or abccategorical index to a categorical index.'.
'Encodes a container as a multipart body.
'Get the colour of a color string.'.
'Return the path to the directory where the host is located.'.
'Generates a cache key for the given header list.'.
'Creates RegNumbers. DCNL Args: DCNL flow_params: DCNL
'Initialize the glance_store.'.
'scenario.from_string with inline comments ignore in double quotes'.
'Generates the correlated normal functions.'.
'Normalizes a locale string into a locale string.'.
'Find the previous keyword in the given SQL string.
'Start profiling for memory dump'.
'Determine the release name for a given nzb.
'Get command line arguments.'.
'Amplitude Moving Average'.
'Find the indentation for the given node.'.
'Update a namespace or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return the average of the log stats.
'Find and return a tuple of (gui, backend) and (gui_select) DC
'Return the Qiime temp directory.'.
'Create a new replication group.
'Setup the state machine.'.
'Set the Android context for the media player.
'Run a command and return its output.'.
'Return a new nodeset with the union of the given nodes.
'Test PackageFinder installs pre-releases.'.
'Returns True if `arg` has the given `method`.
'Returns a human-readable time string.
'Render the current block.'.
'The main function'.
'Returns a list of changes for a repository'.
'Return the number of slots that can be used to connect to the network.'.
'Get all clients in the index.'.
'Clip a file or text.'.
'Test flattener layer state propagation for convolution'.
'Return information about the distribution as a dictionary.'.
'Call thetadm executable.'.
'Calls callable_obj with the given args and kwargs and returns the error.'.
'Redirects to the given URL with the given parameters.
'Get child nodes by local name.'.
'Modify hosts. DCNL Args: DCNL host_filter_data: filter_data
'Removes initial data from the schema.'.
'Return a tuple of (error, error, body) and (error, body).'
'Autoassign a set of attributes to the current object.
'Test rl_backward_delete_char.'.
'Convert a number to a julian number.
'Load meta-sources'.
'Given an object and an attribute name, return the value of that attribute.
'Helper function to get the user\'s crontab information'.
'Adjusts the mode used to manage the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of zmq enums'.
'Return True if x is a dummy array.'.
'roll_vectorized(m, roll_indices, axis) -> np.empty_
'Fetch a file from a URL and write it to a temporary file.
'Set the urlconf to be used in the request.
'Returns a list of (frame, filename, line_no, line_no) tuple
'Encodes a URL or path into a URL.
'Create a scope for lenet arg_scope.'.
'Return a file containing the rst for a module.'.
'Convert a job instance to a dictionary'.
'Return a list of unquoted newlines in the given statement.'.
'Overwrite novel deltas with non-novel deltas.'.
'Iterate over all entries in the revctrl directory'.
'Convert a latitude to a zone number.'.
'Get a virtual interface by address.'.
'Get boolean from dictionary.'.
'Return a query for all activities that user_id follows by user_id.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Extrude a list of files.'.
'Returns the similarity between two objects.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Return a list of dicts with the current date and the given format.
'Removes all universal flags from _config_vars.
'Edit a post.'.
'Run the setup script.'.
'Ansible module entry point.'.
'Highlight the faces in the image.'.
'Get the national number groups for a phone number.
'Create a new SCP object.'.
'Returns a random tweet'.
'Call a function with the given arguments and return a Deferred.
'Get the size of the windows.'.
'Concatenate a list of strings into a string.
'Set the xy color of each light in the list of lights.'.
'Get the active config key.'.
'List all Incidents DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Change the status of an activity.'.
'Lift a list of repository dialogs into a new list.'.
'Return an iterator over the albums for the given album_id.'.
'Get the request audit info from the context.'.
'Return a ClusterManager instance for the given configuration file.
'Mount cgroups'.
'Save a model to disk.'.
'Read a cached file.
'Detects if all devices are supported.'.
'Test plot_field'.
'Load a media library. DCNL.
'Set video aspect ratio. DCNL.
'Fix sys.stdout and sys.stderr depending on platform.'.
'Returns True if the path is added to the loop.'.
'Return the number of logs used in the current directory.'.
'Determine if a header is a hop header.
'Returns a list of floats where each element is greater than zero.'.
'Get the value of a variable in a file.
'Converts a value to a base string.
'Builds the server configuration.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Returns a dictionary of (signal, signal) for the given list of signals.'.
'postfix_expression : postfix_expression'.
'Appends a variable to make.conf DCNL :param var: The variable to append
'Return the contents of the piped file.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Group the list by order.'.
'Merges two variables.
'Converts an integer to a comma-separated string.
'craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Add a suffix to a filename.'.
'Return a list of all available VM images on the provider'.
'gpu_elemwise(x) -> pycuda_elemwise(x) DC
'Get the bbox scanner.'.
'Return True if the given path is absent from the distributed filesystem DCNL path DCNL path
'Make a property setter for width properties.'.
'Get the NMA notification service.'.
'Return a list of all known settings.'.
'Returns the tolerance for the given item code.
'Start a web server on the given ip and port.
'Get the init version from the init file.'.
'Return the path to the static file for the given path.'.
'Test the flush method with store stdout'.
'Update a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the FIB of a number.
'Resolve all references to PDF objects.
'Returns the gradient of the ridgepenalty gradient.'.
'Return the cwd of a process.'.
'Raise an exception if the result is not a geometric object.'.
'Test basics for pypengl'.
'Create a ConfigParser from a config file.'.
'Creates a location for the given course, run, and block type.'.
'Get a random integer range from a to b.'.
'Escapes a unicode string. DCNL :param u: unicode object DCNL :type
'Add a meeting subject to the log file.'.
'This function is called when the application is unproxied.
'Get the timestamp from a URL.'.
'Return a list of active VMs'.
'Test the fit method'.
'Create a new group snapshot.'.
'Generates a cache key suffix for use in I18N.'.
'Return the description of the service.'.
'Set the function to run when profiling is called. DCNL :param func: The function
'Return an eye matrix of the given number of characters.'.
'Multiply ``f`` by ``c`` in ``K[X]``.
'Replaces all occurences of \'payload\' with \'payload\' with \'
'Fit an image to a given width and height. DCNL Parameters DCNL width: Width
'Saves facts to a local file.
'Only load if mako is available'.
'Returns a completion badge for the given course.'.
'Iterate over all crash files in logdir.
'Returns the rendered information for the given section.'.
'Make the display of an image.'.
'Returns an iterator that can read data from an iterable.
'Return the text at the head of the phrase.'.
'Check if the value in the given register value is greater than the given DCNL value.
'Returns a JSON representation of the given form.'.
'Check to see if a cache subnet group exists.
'Run migrations in line'.
'Returns a tuple of slices from ndim and shape.
'Parses data into a m3u8 object.
'languages -noargs - noargs'.
'Computes the error of a cross-correlation between src_amp and target_amp
'Return a dict with the given arguments and keyword arguments.'.
'Checks that the weights are valid.
'Return a path to the zipline root for the given paths.'.
'Parses a file or file-like object into an Explain object.
'Converts a number to a float. DCNL.
'Returns the URL to delete a comment.'.
'Returns a label for a filter.
'Converts a date to a string.
'Execute apf command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List the ps for the given number and order.'.
'Delete an option group.
'Play a WAV file.'.
'Return the path for a given route.
'Disconnect a socketio server.'.
'Returns a list of files for the given addons.'.
'Reconstruct the URL from the WSGI environment.'.
'Assert that the output contains the given text.'.
'Parses a collection and object id.'.
'Test linear curves.'.
'Get the craft sequence.'.
'Test that the cirs transforms to cartesian vectors with no DCNL distances
'Test update with no data'.
'Create a new terminal writer.'.
'Return True if the given object has the parent of the given path.
'Plot a contour.'.
'Return a list of lines with common indentation.'.
'Update the provider location with the given dictionary of items.'.
'Returns a container view for the given object type.
'Load a library.
'Save images to a file.'.
'Create a response object with the given headers and status code.'.
'Track certificate events for a given user.'.
'Returns a flag value from a string.'.
'Release the package and write it to a file.'.
'Register view'.
'Get the output of a gcode linear move.'.
'Returns a list of products for a store.'.
'Save the description to the database.'.
'Handles a failed request.
'Display metrics for the given locale.'.
'Patches the output of the HTTPConnection\'s send_output to the client.
'Computes the one-way mean and variance of a set of novas.
'Check the population availability of a unit.'.
'Test atciqd and aticq'.
'Get all qos specs for a volume type.'.
'Cancels all API calls that are currently running.'.
'Returns the number of windows of length m on buffers of length n.'.
'Update homepage download box.'.
'Unlink all files in the given object.'.
'Return a list of all widgets'.
'Determine if we are running in a Google App Engine environment.'.
'Computes the mutual incoherence of the given IRelevant.'.
'Assert that the given SAWarning is raised with the given message.'.
'Get the metadata for a PDB stream.'.
'Return the value of a string as an integer.'.
'Prints the ACL for a bucket.'.
'Return the default storage router.'.
'Add a null handler to the root logger if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return True if the request matches the transport header.'.
'Get recordings by echoprint.'.
'Search for a key in a sequence DCNL >>> search([1, 2, 3]) DCNL
'Create a base-cipher object from a dictionary.'.
'Translates an exception into a new exception.'.
'assert_equal_none(True) -> (False, True) DCNL Assert that
'Returns a list of provider details for the payment account.'.
'Creates an embedded plot for the given model.
'Check if port is inpaperout'.
'Return a string with the current group count.'.
'Converts a CFArray to a list of values.'.
'Get the tetragrid from the element node.'.
'Translate a longopt string into a string.'.
'Run all the test suites.'.
'Determine the metaclass for the given bases.
'Get a volume type by id.'.
'Push a new commit to the git repository.'.
'Get the total volume sum for a meter.'.
'Return a list of command-line arguments to pass to sys.flags.'.
'Return a dict with the package data paths as keys and the path as values.'.
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create an HTTPConnection and return it as a tuple of (url, conn) DCNL
'Precess from J2000-capitaine epoch.'.
'Get all quotas for a given project.'.
'Recursively merge two dictionaries.
'Filter the att_db and att_freq for a given frequency.'.
'Simulate theano optimization.'.
'join(value) -> string DCNL Joins a list of strings into a single string
'Creates a Tensor of type DF5.
'Return thekinetic energy of a vector.'.
'Returns the intersection of two sets of intersections.
'Run a profiling function.
'Convert an array to a given dtype.'.
'Get the matrix key.'.
'Given a protocol and unpack_ipv4, return a validator for DCNL a valid IP
'Replaces elements with the given map.
'Return a list of all available environments'.
'Return True if stdin_ready_other is True'.
'Delete all empty folders in the given directory.
'Converts a locale string to a locale string.'.
'FFT multiplies with h_fft with h_fft multiplied by h
'Returns a copy of an object\'s __dict__ with all of its fields converted to
'Return True if the module shall be skipped.'.
'Create a file client if it doesn\'t already exist'.
'Compress a KML file into a compressed KMS file.
'Join an avatar with a group. DCNL :param avatar: The avatar to join DC
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Formats a time in ISO 8601 format.'.
'Checks if an object is a tool load error.'.
'Get a list of addresses from a list of field values.'.
'Compares a list of language strings to a list of strings.
'Load the censors and exogs from the dataset.'.
'Generate roots and weights from a banded matrix DCNL Parameters DCNL mu0 :
'zip(*args) -> zip(*args) DCNL Return a copy of the
'Test a model extension class'.
'A context manager that yields a nested list of context managers.
'Write the given value to the specified gpio port.'.
'Convert an ec2_id string to an integer ID.'.
'Generate a custom site URL for the generator.'.
'Apply a function to all groups in the match.'.
'refresh scores reset'.
'Main entry point'.
'Leave transaction management.'.
'Get the gcode text without redundantm code.'.
'Determine if a rectangle is smaller than b.'.
'Enhances a list of domains.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL PUT container/object DCNL
'Create a directory if it doesn\'t exist.
'Test either if an error is raised when color image is not supported.'.
'Create a popen command with the given arguments.
'Validate the actions in the target dictionary.'.
'Creates a normal glorot matrix.
'Copy margin to the current buffer.'.
'Returns a JSON file containing all the XModuleJS files.'.
'XOR a buffer with the given key.'.
'Return a list of lines from a list of frags and widths.'.
'Truncates a string to a certain length.
'Converts a string to unicode.
'Converts a location to a URL.
'Return True if we need to fix SGEMV.'.
'Render the texinfo graph in a dot-like way.'.
'Returns the difference between two images.
'Get the list of comments for the given token.'.
'Returns a user object for the given token.
'Remove HTML tags and styles from a string.'.
'Run the hg hook on all files in a repository.'.
'Only load if ssh is installed'.
'Review the user\'s version.'.
'Converts a string to a string with verbose lookups.'.
'Test the symarray function'.
'Return the first level directory in a path.'.
'Attach a volume.'.
'Get unique vertexes from loops.'.
'Return a list of all available interfaces.'.
'Return the class of an object.'.
'Return the value of the option for the given method.'.
'Find the absolute value of ``f`` in ``symbol``.
'Test functionality of es2.'.
'Show a question and return True if the answer is ok.'.
'Returns the current request\'s limit parameter.
'Converts an HTTP response object to a response dict.'.
'Pull a git repository'.
'Return the number of available ctids'.
'Simple wrapper around sslsocket.SSLSocket.'.
'Log the success of a user.'.
'Parse the total storage limit.'.
'Test the equality of two random numbers.'.
'Run migrations in a offline mode.'.
'Returns a UserGlobalPrefs for the given user_id.'.
'Convert HTML to LaTeX string.'.
'Returns a list of all of the OFP modules installed.'.
'Checkout a cart with a given course_key and course_mode.'.
'Reset permissions for a doctype.'.
'Evaluate the evaluator for the given annotation.'.
'Returns True if the value is a simple type.'.
'Resizes an image by side_length.
'Log the query count for the given name point.'.
'Returns a list of tuples that have the same dtype as dtype.'.
'Return the number of elements in ``K[x]``.
'Return the template id associated with the given template name.
'Returns the IP address of the remote host.'.
'Execute a single batch command.
'Return the user\'s home directory.'.
'Returns a hash of the given conda packages.
'Check if a file is a text file.
'Get the currently active view.'.
'Get whether a point is close inline.'.
'Converts an integer to a long integer.'.
'Validate the given arguments. DCNL Args: DCNL args (dict): A list of
'Truncate fasta sequences to base_pos and qual scores.'.
'Checks if the spacing of a line is correct. DCNL :param filename: The
'Common LDAP initialization.'.
'Check if a virtual router exists.'.
'Return the version of the installed package.
'Setup the Vera binary sensor.'.
'translate(p) -> unicoder DCNL Return a unicode string representation of p.'.
'Compute the self-similarity matrix.'.
'Returns the format string for the given number of bytes.'.
'Serialize data into a pickled database.'.
'Returns True if the request has the given permission.'.
'Get a prototype from a dictionary.'.
'Get or create a user list.'.
'Run all tests in the test suite.'.
'Test label consistency'.
'Return the version of dipy.'.
'Return an MD5 hash of a word.'.
'Convert a class to a list of base classes.'.
'core.stmt_new_stmt_each_time() works as expected'.
'Setup the Euler Light platform.'.
'Unquote slashes in text.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Set trim points for each lib_id in the technical_lengths directory.'.
'Create an annotated table.'.
'Remove volume type access for project.'.
'Return detailed information about a specific persona'.
'Create a new VS.
'Test that we can read an arbitrarily-formatary file.'.
'Encrypts data with the given RSA modulus.'.
'Make a fake kqueue.'.
'Read a table with a fixed width column with no header'.
'Delete metadata for a volume.'.
'Parses a circ entry.
'Concatenate a list of tuples into a single tuple.'.
'Increase stream retention period for a stream.
'Parse a RFC 822 date string into a Python datetime object.
'Return a list of active website users'.
'Split a path into a list of paths.
'Wraps the input array with the output array with the specified number of bytes.'.
'Return the label for a changeset revision.'.
'Return the absolute path to the given relative path.'.
'Decodes a string encoded as a timestamp.
'Check if a path is hidden.'.
'Execute a command and return the output.'.
'Test IO and W'.
'Return the status of a job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new enum from a sequence.'.
'Add a modified repo to the list of repos.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'physicalInformation Section 9.1.17'.
'Vsepr_build_correct_answer(geometry, atoms)'.
'Only load if oslo is installed'.
'Validates that the value is a bitmap.
'Returns a list of numTilings tiles.
'Nltkdemo18plus'.
'Check if the given locale is available.
'Strips the site\'s templates path.'.
'Test working copy with remote URL'.
'Returns True if l and r are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Test that the fill_value of a masked column can be converted to int32.'.
'Create a gcode linear move file or text.'.
'Read an integer from a file. DCNL.
'Return the package id for a given package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the filename of the Python makefile.'.
'Test two active items'.
'Generate a random integer ID.
'Test file system enumerations'.
'Apparent position in true coordinates.'.
'Escapes a string for use in an escape sequence.'.
'Describe a subnet. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Raises an exception if the distance is not valid.'.
'Format a date axis.'.
'Test the training method'.
'Helper function to encode a set.'.
'Returns True if the given object is a tree.'.
'Test describe_dhcp_options'.
'Test the intersection of the icrs and icrs coordinates'.
'Convert an attribute to a local name.'.
'Escapes a script.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Extract a member from a file, creating it if necessary.
'Computes the IDF of a list of vectors.
'Get raw data from raw file.'.
'Registers the given formatter as the given name.'.
'Parses a list of sentences and returns a list of sentences.
'Convert a context dict to a string.'.
'Returns the class from a module path.'.
'yaml: locks'.
'Outer join. DCNL :param left: The leftmost join to join DCNL :
'If `testtools_skip_decorator` is not a testtools skip decorator, DC
'List all members of a list.'.
'Return the inputs and outputs of a rule.'.
'Toggle a skill subscription.'.
'Get the my sensors notification service.'.
'strings.rfill() works as expected'.
'Return a list of the node_id and zone_id from the buddyinfo file
'Validates that the given bucket name is valid.
'Test the angular_momentum function'.
'Get the entity group from a reference.'.
'Adds a weight regularizer to a variable.
'Pads the input tensor to the left by n_ones dimensions.
'Return True if the platform is X64 architecture.'.
'Test the psi index'.
'Add a callback to be invoked when the application finalizes.'.
'Generates a secure cookie secret.'.
'get spider stats'.
'Checks if the given vtkey is valid.
'Print data to stdout.'.
'Returns an orthogonal orthogonal matrix.'.
'Deep copy some keys from in_dict to in_dict.
'Coerce a path to a file system encoding.
'Computes the average score for each test in the estimator.'.
'Update a value in a file.'.
'A context manager that expect warnings on a given database.
'Return a tuple of (master_fd, slave_fd) and (master_fd
'Test double install'.
'Test that we can absorb lambda functions'.
'Checks if user can delete a dictionary.'.
'Return the URI from the argument.'.
'Check if a reference format is valid.'.
'Return a list of worker fake entries for the given group.'.
'Create a histogram from a list of values.'.
'Converts a string to a signal.'.
'Create generic script.'.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Return a copy of a dictionary with all keys and values converted to strings.'.
'intersect_trust_region(x, s, delta) -> (t1, t
'Expand variables in a path.'.
'Test two join nodes'.
'Parse a GFF attribute string into a dictionary.'.
'Restore a backup from a file DCNL :param path: The path to backup to restore
'Return a dictionary of links to a summary resource DCNL :param resource: The resource to
'Return a sorted list of the values of a dictionary, sorted by the given DCNL order
'Run the benchmarks.'.
'Return a dictionary of IDs from a list of lines'.
'Get the part nodes.'.
'Test that fill_values is masked'.
'Return bootstrap samples from a numpy array DCNL Parameters DCNL dat : numpy array DCNL
'Convert an index to a single value.'.
'Creates a new dashboard.
'Coerce an integer to an integer.
'fit an instance cell with pinning.'.
'Test ipython store'.
'Context manager to start a worker thread.'.
'Return the static file at the given path.'.
'Returns True if var1 and var2 are the same graph with merge.
'Test sampclienterror'.
'Returns a list of all request states.'.
'Return the CRC32 checksum of a string.
'Return a list of typelibs for the given module and version.'.
'List all available NIC tags DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of the elements of data that are sorted in ascending order.
'Prints the course tabs.'.
'Load a template tag.
'Return the ERF inverse of y.'.
'Sends a PUT request to the given URL.
'Revoke an approval from a raw token.'.
'Return True if x is an integer, False otherwise.'.
'Post-process the matches. DCNL Parameters DCNL matches : dictionary DCNL : dictionary
'Ensure that text is unicode.'.
'Convert native set to python list.'.
'Returns a queryset with entries published.'.
'Reinitialise the module.'.
'Render a page. DCNL :param page: The page to render DCNL :param
'Validate the repoweb value.'.
'Returns the latest episode for the given series.'.
'Converts an object to a sequence.
'Test ica.fit'.
'Returns a formatted struct format string for the given type.
'Parse a file and return a list of (story, answer) tuples.'.
'Return the abbreviation of the soabi'.
'Return a list of all the floating IPs on the provider'.
'Saturate a color by percent.'.
'Get a method for a resource in a given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a local prefix notification for the given outgoing message.
'Usage: DCNL cli(input, output) DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sends a message to Slack.
'Helper function to get backing memory map.'.
'Load a subclass of the given platform.'.
'Converts a string to an unicodifier.
'Remove a file or a link.'.
'Throws an error if the barrier is not valid.'.
'Returns the IP address of a request.
'Return the status of a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'declarator : declarator'.
'Returns the maximum width of a list of service names.
'Sends a BGP configuration file to the device.
'Test try_import'.
'Test run_multiproc_nondaemon_with_flag()'.
'Kill an image.'.
'Set the Emacs editing mode.'.
'Create a policy. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Index page'.
'Get ejected geometryOutput.'.
'Return an ordered dict of data'.
'Create a timedelta sign object.'.
'Convert a number of bytes to a long integer.
'Return the datastore type for the given app.
'Above the data at new_x into new_y.
'Grab a gcode linear move file.'.
'List all the resource pools for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Finds the subscription type for the given subscription.
'Renders a response with extra html.
'Generate a HMAC-64-encoded HMAC-64-encoded string.'.
'Iterate over grouped values in a preferences dictionary.'.
'Check if features are available on the minion'.
'Return the bootstrap theme URL.'.
'Return a filter that filters out volumes attached to a group.
'Get the storage engine.'.
'Given a design_type and design_id, return the design object.'.
'Return the number of items in the list with the given column.'.
'Unban a user from twitter account.'.
'translate(s) -> string DCNL Translates a string to a string that can be
'Send and receive packets to a peer, and close the socket.'.
'Rename all transcripts. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :type request
'Returns a list of models for the given app_labels.'.
'Sends a reply to the server'.
'Cleans the given name for IAM.'.
'Return True if path is a reparse point'.
'Return the md5 hash of a password.
'Test that log messages are ignored.'.
'Get all remote methods for a given resolver.
'Return a tuple of (ip, attempts, date, matches)'.
'Refresh a policy. DCNL :param policy_file: The file to refresh DCNL
'Adds a zone slave to the service.
'Test dcos client API'.
'take(iter, num) -> list'.
'Return a list of ( preflabel, extension) tuples from a list of concepts
'Test empty backup listing'.
'Return a list of words from a line.'.
'Page listing'.
'Return a list of column names from a list of attribute specs.'.
'Raises an exception if the where parameter is not valid.'.
'Get the bridge direction.'.
'Process a process and return its data.'.
'Test min_informative_str'.
'Load a collection copy from the configuration.'.
'Deauth packets for a given channel.'.
'<domain> -- Get the user whois of <domain>.'.
'Creates a list of tool_dependency objects from the tool_shed_repository DCNL
'Log an info message.'.
'Initialize the flowgram file.
'calc_age(date) -> string DCNL Returns a string representing the age of the
'Create a new bloom object.
'Only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than DCNL the required version
'Clusify an expression into a list of clauses.
'Returns True if the value is less than the arg.'.
'Export a databook to a spreadsheet.'.
'Get the bandwidth usage for a given uuid.'.
'Print mathml expression.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Convert an unsigned integer to an unsigned integer.'.
'Assert that the command output contains multiple times.'.
'Get the xml element by key.'.
'A context manager that fakes stdout and stderr.'.
'Delete the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Assert that o1 and o2 are within epsilon seconds.'.
'Plot unit points.'.
'Parse a list of hosts into a set.'.
'Get a retention policy by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if the coordination backend is configured.'.
'Parse a 227 response into a (host, port) tuple.
'Start a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Raises an error if any fields are not valid.'.
'Test formatting with suffix'.
'Returns a unified diff between two pipeline definitions.
'Get the absolute file name of an object.'.
'Get the distance from the location of the given text.'.
'Read styles from a style directory.'.
'Return the product of the factorizations.'.
'Get media list. DCNL.
'Return peak detection of a peak at a given time.
'Return a list of objects matching the given regex and type.'.
'Return image information'.
'Generate the CRC16 table'.
'Indent a string by a certain number of lines.
'Generates the semantic table.'.
'Move a ship.'.
'Certificate activation handler'.
'Settings page'.
'Get the tag of a node.'.
'Create a git head with the given path.'.
'Return True if path is a symbolic link.'.
'See :meth:`r7`.'.
'Call a subprocess and raise an exception if it fails.'.
'Collapses line breaks into a single line.
'Sparse softmax crossentropy with logits.
'Get work by id.'.
'Convert an image to an emboss.'.
'Touches `path` to `times` seconds.
'The main function'.
'Calculates the square of a cdf value along the given axis.
'Delete the value of a key from the config file'.
'Create a pony middleware.'.
'Build a request type.'.
'Get raw barcode and raw sequence.'.
'Test update_follower.'.
'Open a file window.'.
'Create a cache cluster.
'Return True if may_be_null_is_null is available'.
'Convert an integer to a symbol.'.
'Remove all files that are in the blacklist.'.
'Generates a list of string statements.
'Create a token store.'.
'Computes the division of two vectors.
'Returns a random string of length length.
'Log a result to the nag log.'.
'Commits the current transaction.
'Returns the md5 hash of a resource.'.
'Creates a new channel.
'Write documentation files for the given app.'.
'Formats a serial number field.'.
'Find the utmp file'.
'Get the updated changeset revisions.'.
'Get all attribute names of an object.'.
'Computes the eigenvectors of an adjacency matrix.
'Returns the value of a wang-ryzin regular expression.'.
'Yields a generator for streaming changes from a namespace.
'Return the deargues graph.'.
'Close the connection to the database.'.
'Determine the sockets for the given address space.
'Return the intersection of two sets.
'Convert a fixed-ori matrix to a fixed-ori matrix.'.
'wrap(x, m, m) -> (x, m) DCNL Wraps
'Imports a library from the xml file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the desired package name from the desired dictionary.'.
'Return an anon redirect URL.'.
'Get a value from the backend or raise if it does not exist.
'Only load if nova is installed'.
'STATUS ENQUIRY Section 9.3.12'.
'Test line counting with multiple inner tokens.'.
'Return the grains for the given host, user and password.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find the web server path for the given description.'.
'Convert an object to a serialized JSON string.'.
'Delete a file from the backend.'.
'Returns a list of classes that have preconditions applied.
'Constructor for a SharedVariable shared variable.
'expression : MINUS DCNL | MINUS DCNL | MINUS DCNL |
'Test box points with quartiles.'.
'Cleans up the value of a setting.
'Returns the n gettext of an object.
'Install a flocker on a list of nodes.
'Test the process never started.'.
'Asserts that first and second are equal.
'Deletes the given object softly.'.
'Encodes a value as a URL.
'Invalidate the module pricing cache.'.
'Get all available regions for the cloudwatch service.
'Return the header of a column.
'Computes the entropy of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL
'statement : INDRA Statement'.
'Dedent a node text. DCNL Args: DCNL nodetext: The node text
'Register a bundle with the registry.
'Return the hash of a distribution.'.
'Return (match, set, num) tuple'.
'Reset a user\'s password.'.
'Find all repeats in an array.
'Return the guessed version of a string.'.
'Return True ifhorcmgr is running.'.
'Return True if the given element is at the beginning of the document.'.
'Returns a dict of (id, license_id) : (id, license_id
'Set up the cmap to be used by the user.'.
'Add histogram and scalar summary to tensors.'.
'Returns a list of categories for a given slug.'.
'Register a volume driver class.'.
'Returns a list of (row, column) pairs for each row in the score matrix.
'Quote a URL. DCNL >>> url = urllib.quote(url, safe = str
'Run win-standby on the system'.
'Test downloading failed dl update.'.
'Return the exponential of ``x`` and ``m``.
'Update the value of a key in the gecos database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Writes a message to stderr.'.
'Check if a media descriptor is parsed. DCNL.
'Test reading raw eeglab data'.
'Unpack a file from a link to a location.
'Creates a stext widget.'.
'Returns the changeset revision that has no tool test components.'.
'Parses a URL and returns a tuple of the form: DCNL (url, encoding
'Solves the GTH decomposition of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL a : array DC
'Update a resource in a zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a resource to a resource record set.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Remove all task instances from the database.'.
'Return the URL to the frontend'.
'Show an unified image. DCNL :param bn: The bounding box of the
'Returns True if the given user has fulfilled the given courses.'.
'Get a pointer attribute.'.
'Test make_inverse_operator with bads'.
'List all processes in the given address space.'.
'Converts a string to snake case.'.
'Return the JSON representation of the response.
'Get intersection of xintersections tables.'.
'Insert axis in strides.'.
'Return a list of projects from the configuration.'.
'Checks if two paths are the same.
'This method is called when a callback method is invoked.'.
'Generates an image from the input array.'.
'Get the current theme.
'Read a list of keys from the registry.'.
'Return a list of events for the given event.'.
'Return a list of all services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run the main function.'.
'Checks that the given field name is a valid data field.
'Format the generated config header.'.
'Fetches the versions of a toolshed repository.
'Parse cap location XML. DCNL :param element: The XML element to parse DCNL
'Callback for blame client information.'.
'Return the path and type of a template.
'PING REQUEST TYPE 2 Section 9.1.17'.
'Get the version filename.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the databook.'.
'Returns the schema for the given action_db.
'Estimate d, var_dlogz from weighted weights.'.
'Test that follow-import is complete.'.
'Return the state of a node with the given id.'.
'Formats a Device object into a string.'.
'Convert a web.HTTPError or web.ServiceError to a tuple of (HTTPError
'Get the md5 hash of a file.'.
'Return the application ID from the environment variable DCNL :param str domain_name: The
'Detach a zone from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encrypts the given data using the given key.
'List storage accounts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test writing to an IPAC file with invalid toplevel metadata'.
'Create a symbolic link between source and destination.
'Generates a random number from the given number of bits.'.
'Check that n_jobs is a valid number of jobs.
'Read a link from the file system.
'Return the capture log level.'.
'Parse a list of keys and values into a dictionary.'.
'Load all tvshows from the database.'.
'Check the write of a repository'.
'Return the key for the mpi_send_wait operation.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Create a new directory lock file
'Add a schema entry.'.
'Returns a function that decodes a string using the given conv_func.'.
'Convert a date to a datetime.datetime.
'Compute the offset center of a transformation matrix.
'Test job execution'.
'Find a resource by name or id.
'Test that memory is aligned with memory.'.
'Return True if we should profile development or production.'.
'Validates the length of a string.
'Escapes a string for use in HTML.'.
'Returns a list of (id, id) pairs for each track in the list.'.
'Register a new type.
'Converts a date string to a unified date string.
'Formats an IPv6 address as a string.
'Parse assignment metadata from csv file.'.
'Checks if the request host is in the whitelist.
'Delete a user from the database.'.
'Welcome page'.
'Only load if the module is installed'.
'Abs(x) -> abs(x) DCNL abs(x) DCNL abs
'Returns the last argument in a list by reference.'.
'Generate translations for the given item.'.
'Returns True if the graph is a threshold graph.'.
'Returns the account id from the given ARN.
'Clpiercing'.
'Assert that the event is a datasource protocol.'.
'Update the vmx path.'.
'Return a list of all available systemd services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a schemata dictionary to a dict.'.
'Forcefully exit the program.'.
'Compute the exquo decomposition of ``f`` and ``g``.
'A context manager that temporarily suspends the proxy edits.'.
'struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union'.
'Return a ctypes array of the specified shape and dtype.
'Returns a query to filter documents based on filters.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a dictionary of (key, value) pairs to a dictionary of (key,
'Process the XModule assets.'.
'Converts a machine dict into a dict.'.
'Prints a message and exits with an error code.'.
'Return True if the device is mounted.'.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Determine if the segment is completely inan intersection.'.
'Print all available languages.'.
'Convert rads to radial secs.'.
'literal : literal'.
'Return the URL for the evidence page.'.
'Test suggestions.'.
'set_p_to_zero(pect[i]]) -> vector DCNL
'Scales a float to the nearest integer in the range [inlow, outhigh)
'Returns a tuple of (root_id, parent_id, i).'.
'Displays a user\'s detail page.
'Create a cellis rule.'.
'Get a list of python directory names that are recursive.'.
'Convert a model class to an entity schema.
'Remove a jacket from a container.'.
'Get the value as a float.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Generate samples from a mixture of mixtures.
'Currency view'.
'Verify that the current revision is the latest revision.'.
'definition_type : definition_type DCNL | definition_type DCNL | definition_
'The translations group'.
'IDENTITY RESPONSE Section 9.1.12'.
'Resolve a PDF object reference.
'Add user needs to the identity.'.
'Check if a config file is safe to read from.'.
'Count the number of records in a biff file.
'Install the pgi module as a pgi module.'.
'Return a deferred that will fail with the given result.
'Delete an instance info cache entry.'.
'Prints a list of equality predicates.'.
'Return a list of all available repos'.
'Return a list of DocFileSuite objects for each module in the given directory.'.
'Fetch the value of an option from the config dictionary.'.
'Return True if we\'re running on the system.'.
'Generates a MAC address for the given iface using a random MAC address.
'Format args and kwargs as a string.'.
'Checks if the status of the system state changes.
'Redirect to the root page'.
'Convert a mobius field to an interval.
'Account settings page'.
'Test huge cross'.
'Returns the support mail'.
'Parses a date in RFC 822 format.
'Convert a datetime to ISO8601 format.'.
'Computes the bayes threshold.'.
'Read an RLE header from a file-like object.
'Get a compute node by host and node name.'.
'Test category links plugin with customer.'.
'Takes a string and returns a list of integers.
'Set the power state.
'Close cover tilt. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Close cover
'Extracts key/value pairs from a list of parameters.
'Convert a pct value to an integer.
'Return the file name of an object.
'Returns the images table for the given meta.'.
'Returns an array of (x,y,x,x,y,x,y
'Return the polynomial coefficient of ``f``.
'Concatenate a list of XML files into a single string.
'Check the correctness of channelwise functions.'.
'Don\'t try to daemonize if we\'re running on the system.'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``replay_gain
'Get audit log entries.'.
'Test completion of all modules'.
'Convert system metadata to a dictionary of image metadata DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Stop the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Print the details of a job. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DC
'Start a new thread.
'Get a port from the database.'.
'Return a sleep event for the given duration.'.
'Calculates the average of the two temps'.
'Get the worksheet thickness.'.
'Test tfr_stockwell API.'.
'This function is called when the user wants to change the URL DCNL to the destination URL
'Return a list of naughty strings from a file.'.
'Create a Cloud BlockStorage client.
'Converts a datetime to a string representation.'.
'Test that sympy.pi raises an error if it fails.'.
'Renders a server error page.'.
'Create a list of category objects from a sequence of bits.'.
'Return the filename for the given lineagename.'.
'Return an iterator over all collectors.'.
'Return the number of GPUs in the system.'.
'Return a list of paths to plugin packages for the given name.'.
'An exception view that raises a nesting error.'.
'Write complex128 to fif file.'.
'Expands a list of Columns into a list of Columns with the same order by
'Test fit and sample routine with indices'.
'Check if a topic exists.
'Sort the elements of the input_iterator into a sorted output_path.
'Get the date of a commit id'.
'Find the release date source for the given xblock.'.
'Return a connection to the mail server.'.
'Get the seed number.'.
'Test piping in a requirements file.'.
'Delete a thread.'.
'Test remote delete draft'.
'Run the given test suite.'.
'Inserts the given values into the given table.
'Get the viewport.'.
'Update a port. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Update the
'Generate a salt string.
'Read directory changes. DCNL.
'Test the step schedule.'.
'Check if an image is present.'.
'Parse the given module text and return the resulting module.'.
'Raises an exception with the given arguments.'.
'Normalize a version string. DCNL :param version: version string DCNL :param
'Create a crispy add-on tag.'.
'Context manager that hides the specified attributes from an object.
'Acquire a lock for the current thread.
'initialise module'.
'Run the studio server.'.
'Given a list of attachments, return a tuple of tuples.
'Open an error resource.'.
'Get the xobj of the symbol `symb` at `length`.
'Returns True if the user has confirmation cookie for the given time.'.
'Send all messages in the queue'.
'Install one or more packages.
'Test downloading setuptools.py'.
'Test HTMLInputter with no BS4 lines'.
'Return a list of (file, video).'.
'Return the total volume of an item'.
'Print a list of queries.'.
'Computes the coefficients of ``c`` in ``X[x]``.
'Return the file path for the given file extension.'.
'scenario.from_string() with inline comments'.
'Human resource controller'.
'Find the application path for the given app name and name.
'Returns the endpoint address of the given address.
'Fixture to create a temporary config directory.'.
'Return a list of parent values for the given item.'.
'Return a list of datasets that are following a user. DCNL :param id:
'Add a batch axis to a variable.'.
'Generate a random logo.'.
'splitport(host, port) -> (host, port)'.
'Clone a repository'.
'split_provision(value) -> (provision, version) DCNL Splits
'Replaces the given string with the given policy data.
'Return (cand, cand) and (start + len(bracket) if bracket
'List all teams in the organization.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns the current tokens privileges.
'Set the default configuration for the CORS middleware.'.
'Yield files with the given suffix.'.
'Show the weights report.'.
'Convert naive datetime to UTC datetime.'.
'Return the cohorting settings for a course.'.
'Extrude a gcode file.'.
'Returns an oslo_messaging.get_batch_notification_listener.'.
'Add a classifier layer to the network.'.
'Ensure that the prefix of a table can be used.'.
'Checks if a view is a list view.
'Test that we can parse a GEMINI table'.
'Raises an exception if `expected` is not an argument. DCNL :param
'Return the unwrapped ball'.
'Makes a 2D grid of 2D arrays.
'Get multiple values from memcache.'.
'extract_array(extract_array, (1, 2, 3), (2, 3,
'Asserts that the given response has the given status code and body.
'<text> -- Unescapes <text> from <text>.'.
'Initialize the inotify module.'.
'Find the base image for a given flavor.
'Ensure that the function raises an error.'.
'Removes null-refct calls from a function.
'Adds the Glacier checksums to the request.
'Convert a list of colors into a list of tuples.
'Catch a request and return a tuple (http_errors, False).'.
'Pull a docker image.'.
'Test ensure_list_csv option'.
'Stop the reactor and wait for the message to finish.'.
'Create a VBD record.
'Removes all mod names from pre and post_mods.
'Compare two nzf names. DCNL :param nzf1: Name of
'Open a QuteShell\'s path.'.
'Converts a doc_id and sent value to a JSON string.'.
'Ensure that the named host is absent.
'Merge a folder from src to dst.'.
'Feature.from_string can be a long named feature'.
'Find and register a package in the registry.
'Update the current universe.'.
'Return the other endian of a type.
'Return a slice of x nearest to axis.
'Print confusion matrix.'.
'Convert a list of items to a dictionary.'.
'Get all EIPs.
'Return a string representation of a Python function.'.
'Unpack an array of bits.'.
'Return a blank line.'.
'Notify a message to a topic.'.
'Destroy a node. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Read a config file and return a dictionary'.
'Extend a salt extension with a salt-extended version.'.
'Call a function over a given number of arguments.
'Group messages by object.'.
'shortstr(s, l = 1) -> string DCNL Return the string s truncated
'Get the closest distance index to a point.'.
'Get the indent word from the source.'.
'Convert a datetime to a timestamp.
'Returns a generator of (f, w, maximal) features from a list of
'Return a list of all floating IPs in the cloud provider.
'If debug is enabled, return the context as a dict'.
'Returns True if the given address is included in the given IPv6 address.'.
'Return the user\'s settings as a dict'.
'List add'.
'Combine a list of parts into a single WS string.'.
'Generates a jitter envelope for the given side of the data.'.
'Return True if the Meipass module is frozen.'.
'Build all HTML'.
'Returns a calibration matrix.'.
'Return the group rank of the input data.'.
'Run markdown.'.
'Computes the log likelihood of an AR1 matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Test that lexeme is less than lex2.'.
'Import data from a CSV file.'.
'Converts a string to a slug.
'Return a test suite.'.
'usage: lixian extend-links'.
'Renders a template to a string.
'Return a list of all library directories in the config.'.
'Return a UDP header string.'.
'Swap two rows of a matrix.'.
'Prints the given progress string to stdout.'.
'Displays an internal error message.'.
'Apply floor to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Get the concatenated list.'.
'Return information about an object.'.
'Returns True if l is a list of scalars.'.
'Kill a coroutine.'.
'Adds a multiplicity to the outputs of the node.
'Fetch inactive registration ids from the APNS server.
'Check if the given key is expired in the given url.'.
'Validate the configuration'.
'Return the ancestry of a path.'.
'Sends an email to the user when a decision is made.
'Start a gluster volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the number of times the simulation is running.'.
'Remove the pyc file if it exists'.
'Test search with a missing argument'.
'Resolve a document with the given permission.'.
'initialise module'.
'Log an exception to the logger.'.
'Run the decompiler dad and decompilerd.
'Yields the nova_localization_strings.
'Test either if an error is raised when the ratio is negative'.
'Load the user configuration.'.
'Convert a list of bytes to an integer.
'Parse update rules.'.
'Log multivariate normal density with spherical means.'.
'Extract a zip file to a directory.'.
'Get the wsa action output for the given operation.'.
'Returns True if arg is a VIM object.'.
'Return True if atrun is enabled'.
'Return a list of subpackages for the given package name.'.
'Return the username for the given user_id.'.
'Fixture for the real db'.
'Returns True if the value is a valid IMDB person id.'.
'Test uuid types.'.
'Get the access token from the given code, redirect_uri and app_id and app
'Return the number of bins in a freedman diagram DCNL Parameters DCNL a :
'Set the value of a key\'s expireat.
'Render a template and write it to a file.
'Verify that the given certificate is valid.
'Test that random_sample works as expected'.
'Returns the sss between l1 and l2.'.
'Install readline hook.'.
'Try to open an IPv6 socket.'.
'Return True if the given host and port are open.'.
'Create a WSGI application.'.
'Bulk build a package from a file DCNL.
'Find and return a module by name.'.
'Parse an RGB color.'.
'Cleans a groupname from a string.'.
'Create a disk from a VM distribution DCNL :param vm_: The VM to create
'Calculates the likelihood of the given observation.
'Ensure a dashboard is absent DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new figure instance.'.
'Initialize a test'.
'Return an MD5 hash of a word.'.
'Prepends www to the URL if it\'s not already there.'.
'Returns a list of rows from the given field.
'Return a list of all themes in the given directory.'.
'Return the literal value of a node.'.
'Fixture to create a keyhint widget.'.
'yaml: heavy-job DCNL This will parse the heavy-job configuration DCNL and
'Get the uplink portgroup for the given portgroup name.'.
'Return the parent of the module with the given level.'.
'Ensure that the bucket is writable.'.
'Register file extensions.'.
'Convert a string to a unicode string.'.
'Return True if the argument is a valid URL.
'Set the CHOST variable.'.
'Summarize activations. DCNL :param activations: The activations to summarize
'Return a dict of all net stats for all nets.'.
'Returns a reference to the given value.'.
'Find the scene numbering.'.
'Test the initialisation of an oss selection.'.
'Return True if the given method is a static method of the given class.
'Initialize the game state.'.
'Callback for client libraries.'.
'Set the SSL certificate for a site.'.
'Main WSGI application.'.
'Strips the device name from the device name.
'Return a list of nameservers'.
'Convert an IPv6 address into a string representing the DCNL IPv6 address. DCNL
'Return the query for the given model'.
'Sort a list of records according to a chunk index.'.
'Create a directory tree from a list of files.'.
'Return a string containing the treetypes of the given root node.'.
'Return an iterator over the containers that are on the specified host.
'Return the name of an instance.'.
'Open and execute the editor.'.
'Return the ARN for the specified service.
'Set media player position. DCNL.
'Returns a spec for a dummy VM creation.'.
'Load summary protos from memcache.
'Extract connection and util from URLlib3.'.
'Computes the logarithmic of x and y.
'Returns True if the graph is independent of the nodes.'.
'Convert a layer to a blit bitmap.'.
'Return the VN ID from the specified virtual network.
'The Financial Assistance page'.
'Remove a site. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns the Semver version from the given version string.'.
'Return the status of a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a version string into a tuple.'.
'Multiply two dimensions.
'Returns the current language.'.
'Converts a webattack vector to a string.'.
'Computes the regularization for the given alpha, l1_ratio and l2_
'Send a query to the given url and return the response.'.
'Ensure that the named index template is absent.
'Create a QPalette with the given light color and color.'.
'Check if the link is valid.'.
'Test that the caret is visible in the given style.'.
'Return True if Tk is Xquartz.'.
'Parse a gid into an integer.
'Return True if the system is standard.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Return the snapper_pre for a given jid'.
'Return the number of cpus that are logical on the system DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Test parallelization of a serial CPU'.
'Write a string to a file.'.
'Given a list of 2D ndarrays, return the first element of the array.'.
'Run subprocess.popen and return the output.'.
'Test encoding and decoding'.
'TaskTimeSlot view'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Return the size of a file in bytes.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Find an executable in the current working directory.
'Returns a list of coordinates that are closest to a given harrisim.'.
'Encode topo_x into rings.'.
'Saves a pickled object to a file.
'Set the basic logger to warn.'.
'Validate that the given device and partition are valid.'.
'Returns a list of URLs for the messaging cluster.'.
'Truncates alert to max_bytes bytes.
'Return the binary version of the current platform.
'Converts an 8 bit integer to an 8 bit integer.'.
'Sub-list(l) -> list DCNL Returns a sorted list of lists DCNL
'Return the version of the RAR file.'.
'Reverse the query string for the given view name.
'A view that redirects to the given location.
'Feature.scenarios can be empty after email'.
'Generate a ssh key.'.
'Set the default relationship strategy for the given attribute.'.
'Enters the component in anadvanced problem.'.
'Returns the icon for a boolean.'.
'Returns a list of SQL statements to flush the database.
'Upload an image to an optimized VM.'.
'Returns the nth audio loop.'.
'Compute the inverse Q transformation for the given matrix.'.
'Generates a list of targets from a source file.
'Main entry point for the script.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a list of users belonging to this account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Destroy a VM from the database.'.
'Write a fixed width file with no header and no delimiter.'.
'Returns True iff w is a dynad weight.'.
'Return True if the object in nested_list is in obj.'.
'Bump version.'.
'Convert a value to a BSON document.
'Check if the user is logged in.'.
'Parses a JSON response into a dictionary.
'Validate that value is a read preference.
'Execute a single plugin'.
'Checks that fit returns self.'.
'Load the ldconfig cache.'.
'Compare two polynomials.
'Make a list slug from a list name'.
'Parses a version string into a Version object.
'Only load if m2 is installed'.
'Return a list of items that intersect the base and compare lists.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of a document.
'Import a module by its fully qualified name.
'Returns a list of primary key names for the given model.
'MODIFY Section 9.1.16'.
'Swaps the host address of an XAPI URL.
'Extract a snapshot from a disk DCNL :param disk_path: Path to disk DC
'Get the difference matrix for a given dimension.'.
'Return a list of domains for a certificate.'.
'Checks if the user and group of a symlink is the same as the user and group
'Defines all configured servers.'.
'Return the number of physical cpus.'.
'Setup the universal mediaplayer platform.'.
'Reopen the specified pool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Quit the application.'.
'Return a list of QML plugin files in the given directory. DCNL :param directory
'Checks if the PreRelease package is installed.'.
'Stage the platform HPP. DCNL :param zmqroot: DCNL :param zmq
'Send data to a netlog file.'.
'Check to see if dhcp_options_id exists.
'Test blob decoding.'.
'Converts a string into a list of integers.'.
'Returns a highlight tag.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Test ad hoc covariance'.
'Report the total and percent of stats in a sect'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Test copy_transpose function.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Remove old versions.'.
'Given a template name and a scope, return the corresponding template.
'Removes all handlers from the given application.'.
'Smooth a gcode linear move text.'.
'Add the help page to the menu.'.
'Prints the graph size arguments report. DCNL Parameters DCNL unique_kmers :
'Finds all lines in a list of filenames and returns a list of lines DCNL
'Checks if an HTML string is valid.'.
'Import or skip a module. DCNL :param modname: Name of module to skip
'Take a list of urls and run sync requests.'.
'Get the most recent exercises for a user.'.
'Generate a list of search paths for the include header.'.
'Setup the flux platform.'.
'F-value-wilks lambda function. DCNL Args: DCNL er:
'Ensure that string dtypes are not in the given dtype set.'.
'Returns a human-readable label for a Django model field.
'Update a plex Music Library'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Converts an integer into a datetime.time zone object.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show the details of a specific affinity group
'Makes a trans between two strings.
'Read the checksum of a stored file. DCNL :param target: The file to read
'Mute a string.'.
'Signup verify page'.
'Return a string with all lines removed.'.
'Check if a path is unsaved.'.
'Report an unknown attribute.'.
'Return a nova session.'.
'Convert a datetime to a timestamp protobuf.'.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'wrapper for ndb.toplevel'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression'.
'Read the content of a file into the cache.
'Returns a random numpy array of the given size.
'Stop the current window.'.
'Test equalizing channels'.
'Get the parms for a service.
'Return True if all children of the xblock have visible to specific content groups.'.
'Returns a random string of length nchars.'.
'Update the bandwidth usage for a given mac.
'Create a base cipher.'.
'Call the Xen host plugin.'.
'Convert the xml element to the classname.'.
'Turns a list of integers into a list of strings.
'Main entry point for the management feed demo.'.
'Create an engine and add it to the testing pool.'.
'Submit a file to a condor process.
'Remove samples from a path'.
'Returns a function that decodes a string using the given conv_func.'.
'Returns a fake site name.'.
'Converts a signal to a string suitable for use in a DBG signal.'.
'Unpack a list of epochs into a list of epochs.'.
'Parse a method descriptor.
'Return True if the named service is available.'.
'<channel> -- Remove <channel> from <channel>'.
'Generates an HTML representation of the graph.'.
'Convert a list of strings to a list of TUP strings.'.
'Assert that the clock is idle.'.
'Check if a paypal ID is valid.'.
'put(*a) -> string DCNL Puts a list of strings to stderr'
'Returns the context for the sidebar announcements.'.
'Given a key, return a key or raise a datastore_errors.BadKeyError.'
'Return a dict of desired capabilities for SAucelabs.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Test the implementation of the sip_pix2foc method'.
'Checks if the ring is a puiseux.'.
'Return a list of dicts from a list of rows.'.
'Creates a form class for editing a list.'.
'idlist : ID'.
'Ensure attribute definitions can\'t be compiled.'.
'Read the head shape.'.
'Normalize and reduce paths.'.
'Return the OS name and OS ID for the given flavor.
'Compute the node betweenness of a graph.
'Return the buffer size of an interface'.
'Render a diff link.'.
'Converts the XML into something more readable.'.
'Convert a list of locations into a shortest path.
'Test either if an error is raised when the ratio is invalid'.
'Return the size of a queue.
'<name> -- Generate <name> for <name>'.
'Set the device mtu.'.
'Returns the URL for a page\'s documentation.'.
'Start the core manager.'.
'Convert a list of RGB values to a list of RGB values.
'Get the helix path.'.
'Return a list of the currently active processes.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a list of the basenames of a list of files.'.
'Render a label.'.
'Create an eye object for a sparse matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int DC
'Discard the response body.
'Make a suite from a Histogram.'.
'Restrict a dataset to a given fold.'.
'Return a list of datasets for the given lddas.'.
'Delete a task from memory'.
'Get the flow for a volume.'.
'Test that repo_url should be cloned.'.
'Return the weight of a persisted block.'.
'Split a string using shlex.'.
'labeled_statement : labeled_statement'.
'Write data to file descriptor'.
'Generates a set of random names.
'Sync all modules and pillars in a given environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt
'Setup the Envisalink binary sensor.'.
'Delete a volume type.'.
'Return True if x is an array-like object.'.
'Create a resource type.'.
'Decompose a power-rat expression into base and exponentiation.
'Create a private IP DCNL linode_id DCNL linode_id DCNL
'Returns a string representation of the given version.'.
'Returns True if the request matches the filter.'.
'Parse the sshpw rule.'.
'Add vectors to the vocabulary.'.
'Checks if the given image name is a valid image name.
'Get the social auth object from the running pipeline.'.
'Load backends and plugins and return a build configuration.'.
'Create a tensor of the given dimension.'.
'Get the salt interface for the specified VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Only load if boto is available'.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Return the executable of a process.'.
'Return an unhandled exception message.'.
'Unpickle a model.'.
'Returns the full URL for a server.
'Checks if the given command is an app.'.
'Check if we have bug 17666'.
'Returns the NCName for the given element.'.
'Get all mirrors for a given git repository.
'Get the SSL adapter class by name.'.
'Return a list of all items in a queue'.
'Convert a path to a file URI.'.
'Check and process paths.'.
'Flatten a series of applications into a single row'.
'Return the application id for the given ios.'.
'Derivative of the standard deviation of a time series DCNL Args: DCNL y: the
'Add a Fissil segment to the system.'.
'Get a value from the configuration.'.
'definition : definition_token DEFINITION'.
'Checks if a user id exists in the database.'.
'Evalulates an image.
'Return a list of signed dtypes.
'wrapper for model.predict(model, modeltype, testsample) DCNL :param
'Run a WSGI server on the given application.'.
'Validates a sound string.'.
'Replaces all characters in the given string with the given payload.
'Delete a file system.'.
'Returns True if the given scope is a private variable.'.
'Format data to out. DCNL Args: DCNL data: Data to print DCNL
'Copy a file from one location to another.
'Initialize the console logging.'.
'Base64 encodes all attachments in a MIME message.
'Blend two or more colors together.
'Setup supervisor.'.
'Find the first element of a that is less than or equal to x.
'assignment_expression : assignment_expression'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Execute a runner on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dict with the differences'.
'Read a partition file. DCNL :param filename: The file to read DCNL :
'Formats an exception into a list of lines.
'Get the forecast for the given location.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a list of students for the given student batch.'.
'Set the list of lb policies of a backend server.
'Clear all variables in __context__'.
'Refine an expression. DCNL Args: DCNL expr: The expression to refine DC
'Add a package to the list of packages'.
'Initialize the HTTP API.'.
'Create a filter for tasks.'.
'Returns a serialized type with the given accessor and types.'.
'Raises an exception if settings_names_dict is not a dictionary, DCNL
'Sends an email to the Shop Order'.
'Decode the payload of a task.
'Generate a random filename.'.
'Convert a URL to an IP address. DCNL.
'Return a list of installed packages'.
'post_match(view, name, style, center, bfr, threshold) ->
'Run the command line tool.'.
'Count the number of file chunks in the given zipinfo.
'Returns the URL for a bug in a review request.'.
'Base64 encodes the given data.
'Returns the SHA1 hash of an object.
'Expand variables and expanduser in a path.'.
'Return a report object for a local service.
'Returns True if the given data has the given field name.
'Create a topic. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Apply a function to a pipeline.'.
'Return netstat information on Linux systems'.
'Restrict keys in a dictionary to the given keys.'.
'service : STRUCTURE'.
'Convert an exception or failure to an exception.
'Compute the power of a normal distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL effect_size : int DC
'Returns a mssql-old password for the given password and salt.
'Return the current configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a safe representation of an object.
'Add two images.'.
'Match traffic regex DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of available locales.'.
'Test divmod'.
'Fixture that returns a KeyParser instance.'.
'Creates glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Given a month name, return the number of months that match DCNL the given month name
'Formats a string according to the given argument.'.
'Get the Legen(x, n_coeff) of x.'.
'Run freeview command.'.
'Adds a course to an organization.
'Return the default site for the given app name.'.
'Download setuptools.'.
'Displays a list of user flags.'.
'Computes the error rates.'.
'Convert a Cartesian coordinates to a pair of (r, t) tuples.
'Create a new thin volume pool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns latest repository metadata if it has includes_tools'.
'Mocks GET requests.'.
'Ensure that the named service is absent.
'Creates a constant with the given dtype.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Convert POSIX path to absolute local path.'.
'initialise module'.
'Test univariate difficult univariate distribution'.
'Update unread queries for a list of inboxrels.
'Return the eye of the given number.'.
'Get evaluated float by keys.'.
'Sends a review message when a job was approved by the user.'.
'Get the training model.'.
'Crop image to square.'.
'Return the user\'s profile.'.
'Return a dictionary of memory information'.
'Fixture for shells.'.
'XRDS view'.
'Send command line arguments to Spyder.'.
'Context manager to enable outer_atomic. DCNL :param names: Names of outer
'Step that logs a remark.'.
'Return the number of days since the beginning of the current week.'.
'Split a tag into state, name, and fun, and return a dict.'.
'<url> -- shortens <custom> for <url>'.
'Write data to a file'.
'Reverse a path. DCNL Parameters DCNL path : string DCNL path to the path
'Returns the secondary language for the current site.'.
'Return the account or None if it does not exist.'.
'Module setup page'.
'Parse a simpleflake into a simpleflake struct.'.
'Parses a streaming media JSON into a dictionary.
'Convert a GEMM node to a GEMM node. DCNL :param node
'Write data to stdout.'.
'Return ordered dict of player stats'.
'Returns a colorized string.
'Run the runner with the given arguments.'.
'Return the zipline root directory.'.
'Set the memory limit.
'Returns the name of the identificator.
'Parses a locale name and returns a tuple of (code, string) DCNL (
'Return True if x is an iterator.'.
'A context manager that sets the handlers for the given logger.
'Renders a value in a context.
'Prints the number of files'.
'Show details about a keypair DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'zip(ls, nout) -> list DCNL Returns a list of tuples
'Check if an image is extendable.
'Test that pep8 files are formatted correctly.'.
'Detach a load balancer from a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of (substory, q, a) tuples from a list of
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Calls the vk API with the given data.
'Download a file and return a response.'.
'Returns the text representation of a list.'.
'Stop the geoserver.'.
'Return a list of components of a path.'.
'Set the SELinux module state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the RVM object for the specified version.
'Takes a thing and calls it with the given arguments and kwargs.
'Computes the variance of the directional components of a vector x.
'wrapper for astroid_wrapper'.
'Returns the number of messages stored in the response.'.
'Extracts the path and query string from a full URL.
'Returns the user specified in the request context.'.
'Returns a list of version objects for the given list of versions.
'Remove a section from an ini file.
'Enable or disable debug logging.'.
'Removes self-dependencies from targets.'.
'Checks if the given text is an invalid marker.
'pack an object into a list'.
'Format a FASTQ record.'.
'Collapse spaces in a string.'.
'Tk error handler'.
'Checks if cache headers are valid for the given policy.
'Get a poem from the given host and port.'.
'Test human readable formatting.'.
'Add a ratelimit rule to the global list.'.
'Delete all empty folders in the given directory.
'Finish concatenation of events. DCNL :param info: DCNL :param event_id
'Return the cached mine data for the given target DCNL Args: DCNL tgt (str
'Save a list of regex patterns to the output.'.
'Reads a julian tag.'.
'Decodes a string using UTF-8.'.
'Check if a connection is dropped.
'Defove a channel from an image. DCNL Args: DCNL img: image
'Get the OS version from the show version string.'.
'Quotes a string for use in a comma-separated string.'.
'Quotes a string for use in comments.'.
'Add a domain to the site.'.
'List all users.'.
'Test two models instancearithmetic_1d.'.
'Load all certificates in the given directory.
'Return a list of the values in the hash `key`.
'Convert a list of integers into a hex string.'.
'I see the set dates'.
'Return a string representation of a table.'.
'Resolve a symbolic link to a path.
'Decodes a base64-encoded string and decompresses it.'.
'Returns the ratio of the two strings s1 and s2.'.
'Parse the authentication header.'.
'Takes a tensor along the given axis and returns the resulting tensor.
'Clear password for a server.'.
'XOR two strings.
'Read data from a file. DCNL Parameters DCNL f : file object DCNL File
'Create a temporary file.
'Get the GCD project environment variable.'.
'Set the value of a field in a document.
'Return the path of a jail'.
'Reload a module'.
'Converts a locale string to a language string.'.
'Return the basename of a path.'.
'Test instantiation of a regression file'.
'Spherical Bessel function of ``K[x]``.
'Returns a list of Openshift loadbalancer backends.'.
'Set the enabled flag on all objects.'.
'Update the user\'s woeid.'.
'Copy a future state from one Future to another.
'Update the raw projection'.
'Test pip with final slash normalization.'.
'Return the current locale or the default locale.'.
'Resize an image to new_width and new_height.
'Read a timestamp from the given data.'.
'Prepends a URL to the beginning of a URL if it is not already DCNL a
'Given an environment dict, find the account and token.
'Create an image assemble error status string.
'Make a lineage from a test file.'.
'Get the value from the response.
'Check user'.
'Convert a media size to a long integer.'.
'Returns a tuple of (total_loop_position, loop_counter) and (total
'Print install summary for a list of hosts.'.
'Returns a human-readable duration in a human-readable way.
'Set up the salt environment.
'Configure logging'.
'Add a header to the context.'.
'Convert a range to a list of nets.
'Decodes a 64-bit string into a list of ints.
'Test client options.'.
'Get a network by CIDR.'.
'Test the implementation of erfinv'.
'Return a list of tags formatted in AWS format.'.
'Reset the globals globals.'.
'Find the start and end of a line.'.
'Send alerts to all products'.
'Update a target'.
'Test parsing with null as None'.
'Raises an exception if any targets are not present in the given sections.'.
'Reset the warning list.'.
'Return True if we\'re running on netbsd.'.
'Don\'t be broken'.
'Return the Greatest Common Divisor of a and b.'.
'Look up the encoding for the given encoding.
'Add a branch to a local git repository.'.
'Get the version number from the config file.'.
'Get a host by IP address.'.
'Calculates the fractional fractional part of a set of coils.
'Return True if the specified service is post-upgrade.'.
'Get the options from salt'.
'Asynchronously call a command in a separate thread.
'Create a cascade from the given configuration.'.
'Delete a draft. DCNL :param db_session: DCNL :param db_
'Return the normal of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Converts an integer to a comma-separated comma.
'Find the parent of the element with the given tag.'.
'Prints debug information to stderr.'.
'binhex(inp, out) -> string DCNL Binhex(outp,
'Get the Openshift container version.'.
'Return the controller for the given doctype.'.
'Creates a model that can be used as a model. DCNL Parameters DCNL dense
'Duplicate a media descriptor. DCNL.
'Update a floating IP record.'.
'Warning on teardown test'.
'Creates a Key for the given application and namespace.
'Read the contents of a file and return a tuple (path, filehead).
'Return True if the node has acceptable title.'.
'Create a KEGG link between two databases.
'Remove the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parses a Subject object into a dictionary.
'Map a string to a function.
'Sends a video status update to a list of videos'.
'Edit the coordinator dataset.'.
'Setup the AMC REST sensor.'.
'Load a dictionary from a file DCNL :param filename: The file to load DCNL
'Port all entities in a datastore.'.
'Assert that d1 and d2 are within epsilon seconds.'.
'statement : EQUALS statement'.
'Get the currently active branch.'.
'Add together lists.'.
'Computes the softplus of a tensor.
'Install the twisted mainloop.'.
'Send a message to a fanout topic.
'take(idxs, vals) -> np.array DCNL Returns a numpy array of
'Return a list of Elasticsearch documents for the given locale.
'Returns a list of (image_id, image_label) tuples for each image
'Convert text to word sequence.'.
'Add an integer to an instance. DCNL.
'Returns the smooth step between the edge0 and edge1.
'Remove a file or directory DCNL name DCNL The name of the file to remove DC
'Yields (arg, mydict) tuples of (arg, mydict) tuple
'Ensure that the named schedule is disabled.
'*musicpd.org, playlists section:* DCNL ``searchaddpl
'Returns True if the page is a 404 page.'.
'Return True if the given title is a series episode.'.
'Insert default options into sys.argv'.
'Test update_contact'.
'Returns a list-comp node.'.
'Clears the placeholder cache for the given language and site.'.
'Generate a crypted version of the given code.'.
'Saves a role to a forum.'.
'Run the test suite'.
'Get the previous media list player. DCNL.
'Return True if network time is in seconds since the epoch.
'Clean up the test directory.'.
'Return the maximum age from the response.'.
'Check the job dependencies for a list of hosts.
'Create a sync point.'.
'Return True if the given host and IP address resolves.'.
'Returns True if the expression has a delta for the given index.'.
'Return a function that returns the list of all configured notebooks.'.
'Remove a mysql user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Runs the karma command.'.
'reconint(idx, proj) -> int DCNL Return the reconint of
'Finds the number of multipart/post-boundary parts of a multipart/multipart/post
'Register a serializer for the given format.
'Get the pants Scm object.'.
'Return True if the discussion has access to the given discussion_id.
'Test git with non-editable where egg contains dev string'.
'Load the dependencies of a package.
'Obtain a certificate from the installer.'.
'Generates a challenge string.'.
'Record payment information for a given order.'.
'Return True if the filename matches the template extension.'.
'Replaces spaces in a string with random characters.'.
'Returns the standard deviation of a function.
'enumerator_list : enumerator'.
'Split code at show'.
'Converts extra characters to lowercase.'.
'Get the art URL for an Asin album.'.
'Restore a previously saved state DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the Euclidean distance between a and b.
'Returns a random string.'.
'Test that gmail_missing_trash works'.
'CM SERVICE ACCEPT Section 9.1.12'.
'Takes a string and shortens it if it is longer than the specified length.
'Get the download url when the batch job is ready.'.
'Load a Pycryptodome raw library.
'List members without mfas.'.
'Merge a list of segments into a single list of segments.
'Find a module by its fullname'.
'Extract entities from a template.
'Test rl_backward_kill_word.'.
'Check if a file is an archive file.'.
'Read a character list from a file.'.
'Return a string with all entities replaced with the given condition. DCNL :param match:
'Test either if an error is raised when the prior is greater than one'.
'Group list'.
'Apply the operator to each element of the expression e.'.
'Encode a float.'.
'Remove a module from the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dict of package data'.
'SaleOrder index page'.
'assign llst [lslices[rslices[lslices[rslice
'Generate path between two rules.'.
'Add the modification time of the given document to the given full path.'.
'Create the config directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'concat_all(args) -> list DCNL concat_all(args) DCNL
'Create a figure'.
'Plot the histograms.'.
'Randomly sample a sphere.'.
'This is a helper function that returns the default value for the directive.'.
'Create a trials object from a list of documents.
'Get the end of the geometry string.'.
'Prefetch one or more related objects. DCNL :param instances: A list of instances
'Unsharp mask for an image.
'Return the sigmoid of x.
'Get the architecture from the image metadata.'.
'Return a list of the parts of a path.'.
'Given a resource type and id, return the resource object.
'Disable tracing.'.
'Replaces literals with reprs and literals in the source.'.
'Return the summary of a worker.'.
'Return a list of files in the stylesheet directory.'.
'Returns True if the given frame is an ancestor of the given node.'.
'Return the type of an object.'.
'Create a new collection object.'.
'Add intersections for the x segment.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return the difference of two strings.'.
'Run a command on multiple app servers.
'Check the status of a QDataStream and raise an exception if it is not DCNL
'Prune all streams that are older than the current time.'.
'Get all services.'.
'Parse a django adminopt directive.'.
'Grab the certbot log'.
'Submits a POST request to the API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Combine common sections into a single list'.
'Iterate over a range of bytes from a file.
'Loads data and labels from a file and returns them as a list of strings.
'Save content to the content store.'.
'Returns True if the cookie is present in the response.'.
'Whether a gcode linear move file.'.
'Returns a dict of fields of the given object.
'Audit the changes for the specified accounts.'.
'Encode a Quopri message.'.
'Transfer the closest remaining path.'.
'Checks if user can commit translations.'.
'Ensure that the output of the package is valid.'.
'Given a list of fields, return a list of subdocuments.
'Return a new reference'.
'Flush all the databases.'.
'Returns the input value for the given css selector.'.
'Get the SASL mechanisms.'.
'Check if a connection has the given method.
'Verify an email address.'.
'Marks a string as escaping.
'Accepts a user invite and rejects a group invite.'.
'Converts a value to a float.
'Test reconstruction with zeros'.
'Deserialize count_specs from a string.'.
'Return the expression of a variable.'.
'Log a ch'.
'Return a list of functions for the given proxy object.
'Get a colorspiral object for a given key.'.
'Return the sum of a boolean field.
'Get the maximum of a path.'.
'Computes the truncated polynomial of ``f`` at ``p``.
'Return the absolute path of the hadoop_bin.'.
'Unregister a class loader.'.
'Makes a pruned version of the ld file with the given name.'.
'Restart the project'.
'Load data from disk'.
'Makes a copy of x and y with the given axis.
'Run the network and write it to the writer.'.
'format rss text'.
'Get a subscription for the given sub_id.'.
'Outputs the login redirect URL.'.
'Remove a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Re-unescape a string.
'Download a webpage by item_id.'.
'Test completion for zsh'.
'Set the node type.'.
'Return the certificate subject for a project.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'seen_union : struct_union DCNL | struct_union DCNL | struct
'Return the name of the absolute value of a cell.'.
'Return the current user.'.
'Creates a dictionary of formatters for logging.'.
'The equity view page'.
'Move a key from d1 to d2.
'Create a line edit widget.'.
'Set the image dimension ordering.'.
'Creates a VMDK spec.'.
'Get the SoapAccessor object.'.
'Return a list of the name of the file with the given pid'.
'Build a Sdist from a Python module.'.
'Run readmegen on a sample.'.
'Find the creation sequence in a graph.
'Get a GAF10 or GAF10erator from a file handle.
'Decodes a byte string from a stream.
'Given a list of filepaths, return a list of keys.
'Retrieve a resource by its SHA1.
'Create a temporary CA file for the given list of anchors.
'Dispatch a stat result'.
'Return True if the exception is an unavailable exception.'.
'Test percentage.set_perc with text'.
'Test the HTTPRequestHandler class.'.
'Returns True if value is less than arg.'.
'RELEASE COMPLETE Section 9.1.16'.
'Checks that the given options are valid.'.
'Iterate over all children of an object.'.
'Check if a string is a lower snake case.'.
'Return the filename of all hosts'.
'<channel> -- quiet <channel>'.
'Return a module cache object for the given dirname.
'Returns a link to a document'.
'Helper for GitHub hooks.'.
'Converts a date to a string.'.
'labeled_statement : statement'.
'Log a bugdown error message.'.
'Display a discussion page.'.
'Return a dict of metadata from a dict of headers.
'Import a public key from a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the hccm of the given hessian with the given scale.
'Yield chunks of a zip file.
'Select the n-th element of a series.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Return a formatted line for an issue.'.
'Generate a state tag.'.
'Get RDP console for a server.'.
'Find empty alternates in a file.'.
'Refresh the beacons DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the parameter is a valid URI parameter.
'Returns a compiled regular expression matching the given query.'.
'Enables the deprecations as exceptions.'.
'Decode a query string into a unicode string.
'Get the source code of an object.'.
'Test that pip should not install always from cache.'.
'Returns a f.TextField with the length of validators.'.
'Checks if a name is valid. DCNL Parameters DCNL pattern : string DCNL
'Converts a tensor to a dense tensor.
'Add an entry to the network.
'List volumes. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash DC
'Apply a function to each element in elems.
'Set the repository to the given lines.'.
'Test search exit status code when finds no package'.
'Add shaft.'.
'Empty a bucket. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Run standby on the system.'.
'Returns a dict of information about the mode for the given course.
'Compress the given body using the given compression level.
'Read a cached file.
'Return the first file or folder in the given folder.'.
'Combine a date and time into a new datetime.'.
'Returns True if the value is a mapping.'.
'Set the value of a mine.'.
'Index open page'.
'Read a Python code object from a file.
'Return True if snappy is installed'.
'Return the basename of a path.'.
'Test wavefront computation.'.
'Reverses the bits of a 64-bit integer to a 64-bit integer.
'Return the cosine of x.'.
'Returns a list of all subscriptions for the given topic.'.
'Convert a dictionary to a string.'.
'Detach an ENI from a network interface.
'Ensure the named stack is absent.
'Plot a pdf.'.
'Configures the client for the given service.
'Parses a string containing HTTP headers and returns a dictionary DCNL :param s: The
'Consumes items from a queue.
'Return a list of the nodes that are on the server'.
'Capture a hold for a card.
'Returns True if the given module name should be kept.'.
'Dequote a string. DCNL :param string: The string to dequote DCNL
'Kama Moving Average'.
'Return a dictionary of all possible alpha factors for the given implications.
'List all available languages.'.
'Get orbitals from base and gens.'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from element node.'.
'Return the public key for the given VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the number of presets for the equalizer.
'Sanitizes the given value for use in decimal and thousand separators.'.
'Convert CIDR column names to strings.'.
'Validates that the parameters passed in are ASCII. DCNL Parameters DCNL params : dictionary
'Returns True if the given url is unique.'.
'Setup the MQTT alarm platform.'.
'Get or create a sjson for the given item.'.
'Return the hostname of the host.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Parses a list of multipart headers.
'Return the GID of the current process.
'Compiles all templates in the given folder and returns a list of compiled python files.
'Generic stats function. DCNL :param value1: value1 - value2 DCNL
'Convert a tuple of (hour, minute, second) tuples to xldate.'.
'Helper function to adjust a dimension.'.
'Rotates x to the right of y.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a string to a string.'.
'Add an event source to the event source list.
'Commit a list of reservations to a project.'.
'Send a flowgram to a socket.'.
'Test whether a boolean column should not render other columns.'.
'Update the package database DCNL :param module: The module to update DCNL :param
'Decodes a string using the given encoding.
'Create a certificate chain.'.
'Computes the CDF of a given value.
'Return the line number of the current line.'.
'Copy a file if it is out of date, or if it is older than DCNL
'Build a path between node1 and node2.
'Set the password of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a patchset from a string.'.
'Refresh database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Filter a list of flowgrams and write a SFF file.
'Raises a web2py error with the given status code and message.'.
'Notify the systemd'.
'Open an explorer file'.
'Test sparse and test sparse results.'.
'Callback to handle menu events'.
'List all the datastores for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Downcase the current word.'.
'Returns a list of usernames from a list of user ids.'.
'Get a continuous query DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create an image. DCNL :param name: Name of the image to create DCNL
'b_0123(x) -> np.Piecewise(x, der) DCNL
'Return the XML representation of a Cxel.'.
'Return the list of social auth backends.'.
'Get the current backend.'.
'Convert an object to ansi string.'.
'Convert a cell range to a pair of (row1, col1, rowcol2,
'Load the covariance matrix from disk DCNL Parameters DCNL data : float32 DCNL numpy
'Unpack an open TCP port from a string. DCNL.
'Get the number of sides that are within the minimum three.'.
'Returns True if bson is a valid BSON document.'.
'Raises an exception if src is not a sourcespace.
'Sends an email to a user DCNL Parameters DCNL dry_run : bool DC
'Usage: echo echo'.
'Get an s3 image by id.'.
'Initialize the POSIX module.'.
'Return the ptp of a tensor along a given axis.
'Converts a glance id to an S3ImageMapping ID.'.
'Copy files from src to target_node.
'Skip the test.'.
'Converts a string to an Xxx string.'.
'Test deploying a certificate.'.
'Convert a sequence of bytes to a bytearray.'.
'Returns the latest instance of a class.
'Return a list of all synonyms for the given word.'.
'Filter non-json lines in a string.'.
'Save stats to file.'.
'Create a directory. DCNL :param path: Path to the directory to create.
'Get a variant by name or name.'.
'Redirect to the default view'.
'Generate a salt string.
'Extract subrois from timeseries_file and label_file.'.
'Send a signal to a process'.
'Pause the event loop.'.
'Convert bytes to str'.
'Returns an unused port'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Returns the stderr of an array of values.
'Return the line number of a function.'.
'Loads a model checkpoint and restores it.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a date string.'.
'List all scheduled jobs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Calculate the covariance matrix for the full covariance matrix.'.
'Calculates the raw moment of a list of numbers.'.
'Reads a label file and returns a dictionary of class names.
'Returns a tuple of (xs, ys).'.
'Get the current application.
'Test sampling with regular Smotetomek.'.
'Resize an image.'.
'Start a TLS server.'.
'Returns the comment form target.'.
'Unload a module'.
'Update a quota or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns True if the given text is a keyword.'.
'Run pylint. pyreverse.'.
'Return True if the given check node has completed status.'.
'Returns a numpy array of unique values.
'Start statsd.'.
'Normalize a language tag.
'Returns the serial correlation between two series.'.
'Wait until the specified emulator is ready to start with the given prefix.'.
'Strips a and b from a to b.'.
'Safely delete an image from a backend.'.
'Return the total memory usage of the current window.'.
'Disables the service and reloads the service.'.
'Pick an authenticator plugin.'.
'List public IPs. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block::
'Executes the given SQL statement.'.
'Test drawing a regular polygon.'.
'Create a violin scatter plot.'.
'Get an action by request_id.'.
'Unregister a handler function.'.
'Test breadcrumb'.
'Get the index of an item in a media list. DCNL.
'Edit a thread.'.
'The main function. DCNL :param adgroup_id: The id of the ad
'Return a list of all available translations.'.
'Converts a datetime object to a time object.
'Create a new collection.'.
'Test that a value error is raised when non-sym is set'.
'Pick the eeg coordinates from the c dict.'.
'Writes the given credentials to the given file.
'Test join with identity interface'.
'Convert an exponential matrix to a real matrix.
'Prepares the bearer token for the given token.'.
'Report flaky tests to a file.'.
'Delete an ACL DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dictionary of properties'.
'Create a discrete source space.
'Get the format of the comment'.
'Flatten a message into a string.'.
'Return a tuple of (toolshed_base_url, repository_name, repository_
'Parse the Accept header.'.
'Start the server.'.
'Validates that value is of type type.
'Decodes the result of a search.'.
'Run a command with the given arguments and return the result.'.
'Raise an exception if the file is not open.'.
'Return the group\'s avatar URL.'.
'Test overlapping slices with different dimensions.'.
'Returns True if the given list is a GSM ID.'.
'Get the values and mask from the values.'.
'Escapes the given text for use in a string.'.
'Ensure that the horizons of the horizons of the horizons
'Create a handle for a foreign key conflict.'.
'Test the fit method'.
'Test approve_files with no review type.'.
'join(join(*new_inputs)) -> join(*new_inputs
'list dns entries for a domain'.
'Try to convert a value to an enum value.
'Return True if the OS is openbsd.'.
'Moves a file or directory to a new location.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Build all the libraries'.
'Return the list of topics that are related to a section.'.
'Change the frequency of subtitles finders.'.
'Create a Django test runner for the given app labels.'.
'Convert a task message to a TaskMessage object.
'Unquotes a header value.
'Create a cluster controller.'.
'Return True if the given process name is active.'.
'Get component by name.'.
'Returns a list of all init process names for the given nodes.'.
'Equalize channels. DCNL :param candidates: DCNL :type candidates: list[
'Start a worker in the given queue.
'Configure the plot with the given options.
'Rotate the image 90 degrees clockwise.'.
'Given a year and a month, return the index of that month.'.
'Converts a value to an integer.
'Make and verify the selected configuration'.
'Build a MIME multipart message.'.
'Unfollow a user.'.
'Parse a query and return a query object.'.
'Serialize a list of allocations for a consumer.
'Return a mask of the given time values.
'Returns True if the given text is a URL.'.
'Create a directory with the given name and mode.
'Return the seed for the test suite.'.
'Get all virtual interfaces.'.
'Get the list of files in the given HTML file.'.
'Returns True if the date time matches the given cron.'.
'Convert a color to RGB'.
'Gets the milestone for a given content key.
'Raises an exception if the key is not found.'.
'Returns a dictionary of objects reduced by the specified names.
'Determine if a list of filters should be sharded by property range.'.
'Check if a is a task module.
'Open a file if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Checks if two values are equal.
'Wait for the server to be listening.
'Extract the root domain from a domain name.
'Return a dict of all available information about the system.'.
'Computes the norm of a matrix.
'Computes the centrality scores for each element of a matrix.
'Return True if p is a directory.'.
'Validate the scale values.'.
'Load a count graph from a file.
'Return a list of terms that are not in terms that are not in l1.'.
'Create a reference group.'.
'Populate a file from the database.'.
'Get instance type by flavor id.'.
'Login user'.
'Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.
'Import a class from a module.
'Unpack a bitstring into a list of integers.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``prioid ''
'Return True if the given subject exists in the given subjects directory.'.
'Ensures that all files in input_dir are in db_filename.'.
'Strips tags from a string.'.
'Lookup an object by name.'.
'Converts an object to a timezone object.
'Checks if the user has access to the course.
'Modify small chunks in a file.'.
'Make a request to the basic auth server.'.
'Returns the URL for the rerun link for the given course key.'.
'Ensure that a nictag exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Adds all the tools to the tool manager.
'Return a fresh output manager instance.'.
'Return a dict of all milestone relationships'.
'Builds the HTTP headers for the given API token.'.
'Set taxes and charges for a given quotation.'.
'Returns True if the algorithm is an elliptic curve.'.
'Check if a point is inside a polygon.'.
'Allows the user to control the system as a POSIX system.'.
'Update a draft registration. DCNL :param auth: Auth auth DCNL :param auth
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Enable or disable the site'.
'Samplewise standard normalization.'.
'Compare two files.'.
'Handles the read field.'.
'Reads a Google Word2vec embedding file and returns a numpy array DCNL with
'Return the version of the package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Writes the course block detail report.'.
'Return an iterator that yields an empty element.'.
'Clears the cache for persistent graphs.'.
'Validates that the value is a valid check flags string.'.
'Creates a matrix of rows and columns of the given entry function.
'Equatorial points.'.
'Report the test result.'.
'Context manager for temporarily disabled signals.'.
'Converts an application error to a blobstore error.'.
'Runs the given statement using the given globals and locals.
'Change the headers and body of a qq request.'.
'Return the default security group if it exists.'.
'Wait for the given IO to complete.
'Get the RMSE of the results.'.
'Test trailing spaces in row definition'.
'Escapes a string for use in RFC 3986.
'Convert an image from qemu to qemu.
'Return the policy group name for a volume'.
'Display a crash file.'.
'Get the zoneinfo from the zip file.'.
'Creates an event object for the current context.
'Logout a user from the saml2 server.
'Quotes the given text using YAML.'.
'Synthesis of a stochastic model.
'Raises an exception if the id is invalid.'.
'Parse a name and version from a string. DCNL.
'Read a 4 byte long from a file. DCNL.
'Return the kth difference of x along the given axis.
'Return the source file name for the given filename.'.
'Create a security group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add a chkconfig DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Set the value of a variable
'Import the module and call at_initial_setup() if it exists.'.
'Detect the format for the given stream.'.
'Given a name and a state, return a list of (name, state) tuples
'Return a dict of cached images for a given SR.
'Return a URL that can be used as an I18N URL.'.
'Creates a list of files and returns a list of filenames DCNL :param file
'Test that we can\'t save a storefs with a bad language.'.
'Returns the xheader for the callback url and queue name.'.
'Parse command-line arguments.'.
'State: D6 datareg DCNL | D6 datareg DCNL | D6
'Convert a dictionary of attributes to a string.
'Apply overwrites to the context.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Builds the desired Iface configuration.'.
'Insert a document into the database'.
'Convolutional gradient of convolutional gradients.'.
'Returns True if the given string is a valid IPv4 prefix.'.
'Return True if the line can place on single line.'.
'Return a dict of the data for a given job'.
'Build a tagmap from a list of tags.
'Computes all Hacs for a set of lags.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Only load if the system is unavailable'.
'Strip whitespace from text.'.
'Converts a dictionary into a tuple of (name, code, message).'.
'Parses a string into a datetime.datetime object.
'Check if dependencies are satisfied.'.
'Formats the given time tuple or epochsecs as a string.
'Returns the xls file for the given columns and data.'.
'Parse an XPI file and return the parsed data.'.
'Return a list of all namespaces in the database.
'Create a CodeSearchFeed from an XML string.'.
'Returns the string representation of the image model.'.
'Return the current load average DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an integer enum member to an integer.'.
'Removes the namespace prefix from the xml element.'.
'Returns an ordered dict of forward relationships for the given opts.
'Parse Sphinx search index.'.
'Delete an integration response for a given method in a given API DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Run coverage diff'.
'Ensure the tenant is absent.
'Return the comment for the given field'.
'Creates a spec for a virtual disk.
'Returns a list of foreign columns that are equal to base_table.'.
'Generate the RST for each example'.
'Fill a sink. DCNL :param node: The node to fill DCNL :param
'Determine if the square is occupied.'.
'Forgot password view'.
'Finds the names in the given code. DCNL :param code: The code to
'Check the position of a win32 window.'.
'Create a factory copy from the given state.
'Computes the central moment of a list of xs.
'Update the axes image.'.
'Test that randomize_corrmat raises an error'.
'Get triangular matrix.'.
'Reissue a receipt. DCNL :param receipt: The receipt to reissue DCNL
'Return the unicode representation of the given exception.
'Ansible module entry point'.
'Decode a base64 encoded string.
'Retrieve settings from the command line.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a dictionary of unique urlencoded parameters.
'Numericises a list of strings and returns a list of strings.
'Decorator to mark a function as slow.'.
'Return True if we\'re connected to a fast ipmi session'.
'Return True if path starts with prefix.'.
'Create a fake server transport.'.
'Convert a file name to a file handle.
'Raises an exception if the given version_from_payload and DCNL version_
'Log the traceback to the log file.'.
'Load a module from all installed apps.'.
'Set the store for the application.'.
'Read a file and return the contents.'.
'Create a new virtual interface.'.
'Return True if the given issue is a relevent issue.'.
'Persist a value to the minion configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Deletes all OAuth tokens for a user.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 7 Section 9.1.16'.
'Test confusion matrix with sample_weight'.
'Load a list of beets plugins.
'Start an IOLoop. DCNL :param callback: The callback to start the IOLoop
'Returns the next unique id for the given field and value.'.
'Delete selected objects.'.
'Return the format for the given formatting.'.
'Check that fit attributes are not set in init.'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.
'Create the NRT module.'.
'Calculate the average and stdev of a list.'.
'Test that hug\'s greater than types are valid.'.
'Create a new dataset.'.
'Waits until a server terminates.
'Checks if a 404 is ignorable.'.
'Asserts that a is b. DCNL Args: DCNL a (str): A
'Return the path to the yaml file for the given builtin_name.
'Prints a string to stdout.
'Send email notifications for all users.'.
'Returns the time when an exploration is rated.'.
'Return the basename of a shell command.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Find exec_path filter in filter_list that matches userargs.
'Ensure that traps are enabled DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Update the collections vote count.'.
'Returns an error message for the given gcp error.'.
'Upload a file to the system.'.
'Return a dictionary of keys and values for the given model class.'.
'Return True if the given URL is a full redirect.'.
'Yields tuples of (headers, rows) for the given search results.'.
'Return the sum of the distributions in the list of distributions.'.
'Extract all the contents of a tar archive.
'Return the relative path to the given file.'.
'Return True if the given variable is used in the graph.'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Convert an object to a reference.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Append data array to the bundle.'.
'Assert that a member is read from a host.'.
'Load a spec from a file. DCNL :param file_name: The file name
'Returns the checksum of a list of digits.
'Converts a locale string to a language string.'.
'Skips if the predicate evaluates to True, ignoring the given reason.'.
'Linkify a bounce url to an outgoing bounce.'.
'Add a host to an IP address DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the subnet name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a database if it does not exist.'.
'Signs a URL using a base V2 host.
'Test remove from figure with gridspec.'.
'Get simulated paths.'.
'Get the terminal width.'.
'Enable the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set quota usage dirty'.
'Get the text of a document.'.
'Product edit'.
'Return a list of (id, sgname) tuples for the server group.'.
'Parse a subpattern.
'Get the number of sides of the xml element.'.
'Load graphs from a file.'.
'Return a list of hosts associated with a network DCNL :param network_ref: Network
'Load bill versions from a folder'.
'Convert text to markdown.'.
'Sends a SOAP request to the igd server and returns True if successful.'.
'Delete a device. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Convert a Cartesian to spherical coordinates.'.
'Fontify a Python node.'.
'Folder add'.
'Return the entity groupkind of the given entity key.'.
'Create a titled group.'.
'Returns True if val is a valid bool string.'.
'Converts a string to an ESC string.'.
'Return True if the request is made by the user.'.
'Add a lock to a list of packages.
'Return the type of an interface'.
'Prepend the root directory to the opts dictionary.'.
'Get the tex command.'.
'Return a list of all services.
'Return the user\'s username.'.
'Increase the indentation level by the given number.'.
'Read a fixed width table with normal columns'.
'Generate a list of lorem ipsum words.'.
'Parse shorts.'.
'Convert the xml element.'.
'Return a tunnel request data string.
'stmts : stmt DCNL | stmt DCNL | stmt DCNL |
'interacts the given set of cookie headers from the given URL and returns the DCNL
'Adds a new BatchJob.
'Return the errno of an exception.'.
'Set the process ID and UID of the process DCNL :param pidfile: The pid
'Look up a table from the embeddings.'.
'Determine the default project.'.
'Remove all canvas from the list.'.
'Return the output of a nested object.'.
'Checks if two paths are equal.
'Converts an integer to an integer.
'Create a tarball with the given name and path.
'Create a table. DCNL Parameters DCNL request : HttpResponse DCNL :param database:
'Return a list of available plugins.'.
'Given a markdown string, return a summary of the first line in the string.'.
'Add a dependency to the list of dependencies.'.
'Return the inverse of an array.'.
'Detach a volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'select(a, i) -> None DCNL select(i, j) DCNL
'Test hcae.yaml'.
'Bitceil(n) -> int DCNL >>> bitceil(n) DC
'Return the current wait time in seconds.'.
'Return a list of the names of the descendants of the given node.
'Splits a list of strings into a list of strings.
'Index view'.
'Decompress data using LZS compression.'.
'Twisted Time Basis DCNL Parameters DCNL ds : Data Collection DCNL
'Set the verbose level of the colorfulpyprint.
'Test has_at_least_key validation.'.
'Returns a random interkey interval.'.
'Convert a scene name to a list of normal names.'.
'Return True if mne is in os. environ.'.
'Return True if the view can access the given permission_name.'.
'Return a tuple of (im_func_code, num_func_code, num
'Get the brick for a variable.'.
'Find the n largest elements in an iterable.
'Return an HTML-escaped URL.
'Find a sample file in the neutron database.'.
'<url> -- Check if <url> is up'.
'Adds a new path to sys.path and adds it to sys.path.'
'Concatenate a series of DataFrames into a Dask object.
'Build the resolvers.'.
'Converts a frequency string to a hue frequency.
'rem(t) -> string DCNL Return the last element of the string t'.
'Get the file spec.'.
'Return the URL for the given WSGI environment.
'Return the epoch in seconds since the epoch.
'Create a new extension.'.
'Truncates a string to a maximum length.
'Return the number of unittests installed.'.
'Create a figure with the given options.'.
'Computes the heldout score for the given test set.
'Install apt'.
'Convert a rgba array to a float array.
'Get the current git changeset.'.
'Get the password for a database.'.
'Return a list of groups for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a stack from an xml element.'.
'Creates the configuration for a managed cluster.'.
'Parses the given content into an index.
'If `assert_true_false_is_not` is not in the line,
'Returns a base64-encode of the support data for the current site.
'Defines a flag whose value can be a string.
'Create a fixed IP bulk.'.
'Test that a typical memory error can be raised.'.
':type args: str DCNL :type args: str DCNL :rtype: str
'Returns a random unicode string.
'Patches os.fork if gevent.hub is installed'.
'Return a nicely formatted version of a frame relation.'.
'Check if the given CSS selector is valid.'.
'Check to see if a trail exists.
'Suggest column names with alias.'.
'Return the factor of a relational expression.'.
'Move a vm to a new location.'.
'xbm(h) -> string DCNL Return the XBM string if the
'Return the yaml configuration for the given test case.
'Checks if user can upload dictionary.'.
'Ensure that the file contains log records with the specified format.'.
'Whether a gcode linear move file.'.
'Ensure that time is UTC.
'Check that the nsp is valid.'.
'Splits a string at a single delimiter. DCNL :param text: The string to
'Return the URL to the handler for the given block.
'Returns the euclidean distance between two points.'.
'Remove outliers from sequences.
'Test merging two metadata objects with conflict information'.
'Register checker.'.
'Generate the documentation for all the services.'.
'Returns POST data'.
'Create an image property in the database.'.
'Save an image to a file.
'Return the distance between a line and a line.'.
'Remove a leader from a group.'.
'Return a list of objects that are safe to read from DCNL the given dictionary.'.
'Get the labels for a node.
'Checks that kwargs and compat_args are not None and raises a type error.'.
'Test simplescheduler.'.
'En_tokenizer should return a number of tokens'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid try'.
'Return the name of the node.'.
'Returns the ratio of token sorting between two strings.
'Cart details page'.
'Returns True if the given step type is a Spark step type.'.
'Returns a description of a method.'.
'Replaces all variables in the given string with the values in DCNL var_mappings
'Convert a file to a list of subtitles.
'Compute the nearest neighbor distance between a user and a list of users.
'Test the baseline of evoked data.'.
'Load globals from a file.'.
'Corrects the source font to the target font.'.
'Check if we can query journald.'.
'Create a new IAM policy.'.
'Watch all assets in the themes directory.'.
'Returns the data disk for the given VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the XML source is avotable DCNL :param source: XML source
'Interpolates the given string using the given dictionary and returns the resulting string.'.
'Returns True if coefs is stable.'.
'Get the craft sequence.'.
'Returns True if a and b are equal.
'Get a specific jid'.
'Return True if mdata is available'.
'Return a dict of test arguments'.
'Sum the elements of the matrix mat along the given axis.
'Return the validator data dictionary.'.
'Return the values of all neighbors of a node.'.
'Destroy a container DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Plot a layout.'.
'Return a hash of the timestamp of a file'.
'Test basic inverse function'.
'Computes the power of a variable with the given rhs.'.
'Ensure that the tables are loaded.'.
'Captures the console log for a scenario.'.
'Converts a string to an XML-like object.'.
'Return the job with the given name'.
'Read samples from a file. DCNL :param file_in: The file to read
'Return machine translation services.'.
'Return the effective router for the given appname.'.
'Return the XDG configuration directory.'.
'Determine the appropriate compression for the given filepath or buffer.
'Return a JSON object from the given WSGI environment.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated.'.
'Returns True if the given command matches the given command.'.
'Get the username'.
'Raise an importabort exception.'.
'Converts a string to a list of scopes.
'Extract the version from the version file'.
'Convert an boto exception to a boto error message.'.
'Set the network interface to use for the DNS service.'.
'Check if a list is a pair of IDs.
'Authenticate with the OAuth2 service.'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Tests that approve_addons get_files returns incomplete files'.
'Remove an IIS application pool.
'instantiate a proxy. DCNL :param proxy: the proxy to instantiate DCNL
'Test project save with incorrect checkstyle'.
'Select the proxy for the given url.
'Adds a dictionary to a CookieJar.
'Log an exception and return a JSON response.'.
'Converts an integer to an integer.'.
'Copies a Document to a Document protobuf.'.
'Return the full path to a module.'.
'Get the maximum of two values.'.
'Return the device from the request.
'Return the PID for a device.'.
'Split an absolute URI into two parts.
'Convert a CIX path to a CIX tree.'.
'Decodes a string using the given encoding.
'Get or create a service role.
'Validates that \'value\' is a non-negative integer or None.'.
'Creates a button to install an addon.
'Render a template and return the result.'.
'Write a ppp file to disk DCNL :param iface: Interface Interface Interface Interface Interface
'Return True if the named service is missing DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a list of replicas'.
'Ensure that the named organization is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Validate and return an integer parameter.'.
'Get the score from the submissions dictionary.'.
'Update the lut with the given colors.'.
'Create an AFFM font entry.'.
'Scan the ZK instances and return a list of instances'.
'Convert a 1-byte integer to a 255-byte integer.'.
'Convert an IP string to an integer.'.
'Returns a dict of (environ_proxies, proxy_key, proxy_
'Return the basename of a path.'.
'Clean up a layer'.
'3 inside'.
'Test integration of opsworks integration'.
'The main function. DCNL :param adgroup_id: The id of the ad
'Generates a base64-encoded token.
'Return the absolute value of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Test psd noise'.
'Only load ifconsuling is available.'.
'Run pyexcelerate'.
'Shutdown the server.'.
'Return True if pid matches match, False otherwise.'.
'Return the current http server.'.
'Pause the specified number of seconds.
'Update quotas.'.
'Move the cursor to the beginning of the line.'.
'Return a string with the given colors.'.
'Set the logging level.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Get the mode of a device
'Create a snapshot of the current image.'.
'Returns True if the last request was a DBMS error.'.
'Compute the power of a t-test distribution.
'Return a dictionary of the start and end offsets of a single line.'.
'Get the data from the given url'.
'Log a message at the critical level.
'Returns the full dictionary for the given language.'.
'Generate rows from a range string.'.
'Return a list of targets for a minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a tuple of (width, height).'.
'Check that the given header matches the given value.'.
'Return True if the given object is a data object.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'feature.from_step() returns max_length on table keys'.
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL Return the unquoted version of a string.
'Read a Tftp packet.
'Dump a BIFF file to a file.
'Return the system username'.
'Queries the vcvarsall for the given version.
'Re-flatten a string p.'.
'Registers the given test function to the given test class.'.
'Convert osdata to grains'.
'Merge two files.
'Evaluate a JavaScript script.'.
'Read a single packet from a socket.
'Convert an IPv6 address into an IPv6 address.
'Get an object from the container'.
'Update all live symlinks in the given configuration.'.
'Compute the factors of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[x]
'A view that returns unquoted etags.'.
'Activate a deployment for a given API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run a WSGI function.
'Write a CGI response to the output.'.
'Update the policy elements.'.
'Takes a string and surrounds it with quotes.'.
'Upgrade Brew packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the profile base name for a repository.'.
'Return the IPv4 netmask for the given address.
'Knowledge Category add'.
'Register a service for the current frame.'.
'Get serial number from show version.'.
'Returns the absolute URL for the given path.'.
'Get intersection of the x intersection indexes.'.
'redirect n times'.
'Generate a configuration file for masq.'.
'Move a file from src_path to dst_storage.'.
'Query for reservations.'.
'multi_eval(f, a, p, k) -> list DCNL Evaluates
'Convert markdown file to HTML.'.
'Test denoise with 3D masks'.
'Deletes the commit information for the given rebalance.
'Ensure that the genroot ca file system exists.'.
'If we are in sleepless mode, we need to keep it alive.'.
'Test icrs and helios transforms.'.
'atom_tuple : ID'.
'Generate a list of PNG files for the frontpage.'.
'Log a message at the root of the logging system.'.
'Get words from a file.'.
'yaml: gitlab-notifier DCNL Parse the gitlab-notifier DCNL
'Infer the return type of one or more bytes.
'Formats a value as a localized string.
'Return a list of availability zones'.
'Parses a SAML response headers into a dictionary.'.
'Build a selector for the given path and namespaces.'.
'Test that nvidia_driver works as expected'.
'Plots the training cost and the test accuracy.'.
'Returns the tree details for a list of nodes.'.
'Returns the data class for the given endog and exog.'.
'Assert that no element matches the xpath selector.'.
'Write a tty log to a file.
'Password reset confirmation page'.
'Parse a list of query parts and return a tuple of (q, s) DCNL
'Returns a unique value for the given type and id.'.
'Returns the variance of a set of samples.
'Return the name of the strategy.'.
'Generates an age for the given issue time.
'Main entry point'.
'Test match rules.'.
'Generates a cache key for the given header list.'.
'Compute residuals.'.
'Return the value of an option.
'Load a queue and write it to disk.
'Convert a tag string to a list of tags.
'Return a logger object for the current process.
'List the jobs that match the filter.
'Login view'.
'Attach translations to a collection.'.
'Project an entity to a message.
'Get language information.'.
'Infer a frequency from an index.
'Decorator to check if the current user is admin'.
'Setup the hyperion platform.'.
'Convert a list of configuration values into a dictionary.'.
'Add a cell to the task log.'.
'Return a service object for the given plugin name.
'Asserts that a and b are not equal.
'Create a test suite from the given loader.'.
'Convert an RGB color to an integer.'.
'Generate a custom key function.'.
'Write workbook properties to xml.'.
'Read an array from file.
'Prints the usage message.'.
'A component2 for testing'.
'Create a zone for the given service.
'Return the total number of seconds since the epoch.
'Returns a file writer object for the given file handle.
'Summarize variables. DCNL Parameters DCNL train_vars : tf.Trainable
'Checks if the user can browse the repository reviews.
'Lighten a color by percent.'.
'Process xml element.'.
'Exclude new regions from the database.'.
'Plot a scatter plot.'.
'Process docstrings.'.
'Removes the start_iconset component from the source.'.
'Generates test data for shell tests.'.
'Asserts that the expression is not None.'.
'Return the QEMU user name.'.
'Returns the id of the authenticated user.'.
'Return the type of a given file.'.
'Makes the directory at the given path, creating it if necessary.
'Return a list of (year, month) dicts for all blog posts.'.
'Prints a message to the SGE debug log.'.
'Delete all image properties for a given image.'.
'Check source code with pep8.'.
'Swap the total and free memory in the virtual memory.'.
'Convert a list of parameters to a list of dicts.'.
'Event handler for close events.'.
'Generate a docstring for each unit summary in a namespace.'.
'Test sensitivity specificity score with binary classification'.
'Return the email address for the given SMS number.'.
'Create a GCP connection to the specified provider.
'Stop the system.'.
'Ping a device'.
'Concatenate two sequences.
'Compile the distutils client.'.
'Create a new service.
'Start certificate generation for students in a course.'.
'Computes the NB(2) coefficients of the NB(x, beta
'Convert a dictionary of settings into a script.'.
'Login view. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :param current_app
'Process a failed download. DCNL :param dirname: The directory to process. DCNL
'Checks if a table has a constraint with the given name.
'The liability edit page'.
'Returns a dictionary with the general information'.
'Convert a 64-bit integer to a 32-bit integer.'.
'Get the deep item from the data structure.'.
'Test short users list'.
'Parse the output spec. DCNL :param output_spec: The output spec to parse
'Delete data from the API.'.
'Download a sina video by vid.'.
'Get the Python version.'.
'Return the value of a metric'.
'Overload a dummy class.'.
'Allocate a new lock.
'Returns a list of exp_ids matching the given query string.
'Return the inverse of an integer.'.
'Unpack a unicode string and update the position.'.
'Reshapes the incoming tensor to new_shape.
'parallel(module, input, device_ids, output_device=None) -> module
'Return the version of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the current thread is in the io thread.'.
'Test that store_fs is saved with a bad language.'.
'Only load if ssh is installed'.
'Returns a response with the given code.'.
'Convert an internal date string to a time object.
'Returns the object that matches the given kwargs.'.
'Creates a series of drawdowns for the given pnl.'.
'Returns a property filter specification.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'R(seqn) -> iterable'.
'Creates a mozilla user in the admin group.'.
'Flatten an object into a list.
'Conditional.get_weights() returns weights'.
'Merges a dictionary of non-report only policies.
'Create a new compute node.'.
'Ensures that all problems in the exam have been re-evaluated.'.
'Sends an email to the given recipients.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Choose the POC type for a file.'.
'Compute the histogram of the given tensor.
'Set __unicode__ and __repr__ of a class.
'Find the previous version of a file with the given version string.'.
'Return the current storage level.'.
'Return the polynomial of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'dimitem : scalar'.
'Return a tuple of (host, port) (hosts, chroot) and (
'Convert nsurl to local file'.
'Find the HG tag in the given path.
'Check for missing whitespace after import keyword.'.
'Return tiers for a given device.'.
'Registers a signal handler block for the given object.
'map_fn(fn, elems, name=None) -> tf.map_
'Return the cosine of a scalar value.'.
'Enable or disable transaction management for the current thread.
'Edit a user\'s profile.'.
'Recursive glob for all files in treeroot that match pattern.'.
'Format the plugin info table.'.
'Order the data in the order of the fields in the response.'.
'Convert a blockdevice id to a dataset id.'.
'Get a dict of instance types by flavor_id.'.
'Returns a generator of n-grams from an iterator.'.
'Load an inline module. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DC
'settings.cwd with absolute paths'.
'Validates that the number of values in vals is valid.
'two_step_backprop(mlp) -> (f1, f2)
'Return a list of all scenes for the given indexer_id'.
'Retain vertical spacing before comments.'.
'Test line profile dynamic'.
'Returns True if the given subscription matches the given topic.'.
'Test fit and sample routine with indices'.
'Checks if a user has support for anonymous users.'.
'Return a dict of CPU information for SunOS'.
'Test setcookiesfrom and cookiesfor'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid cut'.
'Computes the norm of `x` and `y`.
'Return a list of (name, shortname, shortname, help)'.
'fast_count_smallints(arr) -> np.c_array DCNL
'Remove accents from a string.'.
'Set glconfig'.
'Get a blob from the blobinfo dictionary.'.
'Call the cache.use_cached_files function on the given directory'.
'Print the current Python version.'.
'Return the absolute value of a.
'Return True if the named python version exists in the cache.'.
'Set the default values for config defaults.'.
'Shift the divisions of a DataFrame by periods and freq.
'Computes the binary log loss of y_true and y_prob.'.
'Flag an instance as modified.
'Get holiday calendar.'.
'Generates a random alphanumeric string.'.
'Open a resource for use in OOLSON.'.
'Add infill boundary to nested rings.'.
'Remove a handler reference.'.
'Unload a module.
'Validates that the given pack name is valid.
'Process the svg element.'.
'Load a class by name and setting.
'decorrelation(w, j) -> np.dot(w, j) DC
'Fix makefile'.
'Import a passphrase from a keyder file.'.
'Test importing vispy app'.
'Build a select field for the tool panel section.'.
'Returns an HTML4 annotation for the given HTML page.
'Returns the codename of a user\'s permission.'.
'List all documents in the given category.'.
'Find all files in the given metadata'.
'Sends a notification email for a purchase receipt.'.
'Vech(a) -> np.array(vechvec(a)) DCNL
'Test the _make_links function.'.
'Return True if the given class has an inherited table.'.
'Set the value of an option.'.
'Get a rollback by name.'.
'Remove a VFS tab.
'Check if a file is a fifo.
'Fixture patched settings.'.
'Adds slashes to a string.'.
'Return a list of IP6 interfaces DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the score of the distance matrix for each line in the lines.'.
'Test the interacting function'.
'Computes the left and right of two DataFrames.
'Handles register requests.'.
'Test the laplace mask function'.
'Generate a sample of color prefs, map data from options.'.
'Log a GET request.
'Validate a list of devices.'.
'Create a preview of a file.'.
'Convert a path to a human-readable path.'.
'Build the qsub command.'.
'Render a genshi file.
'Returns a list sorted according to the given comparator and key.
'Test working copy with no force'.
'Returns the link to the block for the given page.'.
'Fetch and save the promo images for a website.'.
'Copy a file to the clipboard.'.
'Print a list of items to stdout.'.
'Create a text file with the given contents.
'Load the xml file at the given path and return it.
'Check that the number of ec2 instances in the region are within the given range.'.
'Ensure that all output characters in data are forbidden.'.
'Remove a user from a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fixture for tab browser stubs.'.
'Evaluate a set of floating point numbers. DCNL Args: DCNL prec (
'Return the size of a file. DCNL :param size: the size of the file
'Create an object'.
'Yield lines from a list of strings.'.
'Parse driver disk'.
'Returns True if the given tag is a block level.'.
'Puts a secret to the database.'.
'Converts a reference to a new entity reference.
'Return a list of lines from the output list.'.
'Get the fabmetheus path.'.
'Ensure the file with the given name exists.'.
'Return the logarithm of a list of values.
'Downloads the given result.
'Returns a list of videos for the given course.'.
'Parse a URL into a (path, saltenv) tuple.
'Ignored if user or group is not authorized.'.
'Split a command line into (path, cmd, arguments) tuple'.
'Test integration.'.
'Report expected diffs. DCNL :param diffs: DCNL :type diffs
'func_np(a, b) -> np.exp(func_np(a
'Checks if the user has permission to edit the setting type.'.
'Resizes a URL to the specified width.
'Convert a row to a dictionary.'.
'Installs a custom language if it\'s available.'.
'Return True if the item is present in the parent field.'.
'Set the active figure sca on the given axes.'.
'Raise an exception if the location is not valid.'.
'Return a list of paths for the given scheme.
'Setup TCP sensor.'.
'Find the language for the given language and script.'.
'Fixture for QNetworkAccessManager.'.
'Yield all collectors that are still alive.'.
'Return a list of quoted strings.
'Fetches an entry from the journal table.
'Update ports DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the size of an item'.
'Get points from the segment table.'.
'Returns a redirect object that can be used to redirect to the given URL.
'Process the output of the flowgram_ali_exe command.
'Delete an image tag.'.
'Returns the current year.'.
'Return the tracer for a process.'.
'Returns the name of a regular variable.'.
'Returns True if a is b.'.
'Returns a tuple of (user_name, user_id, user_id, user
'Browse an object in the browser.'.
'Return a set of the ancestors of a node in the graph.
'Check that movorder works correctly'.
'Main entry point for the command line script.'.
'Get the jump point if the other point is inside the boundary.'.
'Finds overlaps between crowd_thresh and crowd_thresh. DCNL :param r
'Sends a get_value message to the user.'.
'Prepare the body position velocity.'.
'Parses a snippets file.
'Unmap data to count, inds, or inds'.
'Returns True if the given IP address is a private IP address.'.
'Install and install code.'.
'Convert a hex color string to a tuple.'.
'Return a list of eol characters for the given os_name.'.
'Formats a datetime instance as a RFC 3339 compliant string.
'Returns a Credentials object with the given scopes.
'Create a COWN image.
'Return the rawincron information for a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Sends an email to the given review request.
'Parses an interval string into a timedelta object.
'Convert a JobSubDesign object to an action object.
'Yield tuples of (app_name, app.module) pairs.'.
'Load overrides from a JSON file.'.
'Returns True if the GCC LVM is available.'.
'Get the Openshift version.'.
'Detect if a stream is a Python 3 stream.
'Generates a projection partial entity generator.'.
'Requotes a URI. DCNL :param uri: URI to requote.
'Invert a data register bit.'.
'abstract_declarator_opt : abstract_declarator'.
'Require a version number to be greater than or equal to the given version.
'Creates the java app environment variables for the given application.
'Returns a list of role assignments for a given user.
'Generate the keys for a given number of bits.'.
'Test fit and sample routines with ratio'.
'Returns a list of booleans indicating whether each unit in the course has a DCNL section
'Extract a line from a string.'.
'Create a SAML provider.
'Drop a site.'.
'Log out the user.'.
'Restore the status of the given app.
'Computes the Levenshtein Levenshtein Levenshtein
'List all available queues on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a flat glob for a file in dirname with the given basename.'.
'Returns a list of feeds for the given campaign type.
'Generate a config file.'.
'Compute the square root of ``f`` in ``GF(u)[x
'Demonstrates the Udhr corpus.'.
'List all revisions in a repository.'.
'Import data from a file.'.
'Test clear_keystring.'.
'Add x intersection indexes from loop.'.
'Test reading raw data.'.
'Get colormap by name or lut.'.
'Return a list of (weight, cost_fn) tuples of (weight, cost
'Reshape array to new_shape.'.
'Fixture for Celery worker pool fixture.'.
'Process the arguments passed to the font function.
'Convert a long to a raw string.
'Convert a string to a Python object.
'Return True if the given resource is enabled, False otherwise.
'Throws an exception and prints it to stderr.'.
'Gets and deletes all messages from the session.
'Run an OpenSSL command and return the output.'.
'Encode an extension as an AAV string.'.
'Return a tuple of all template directories in the given directory.'.
'Get information on a specific IPsecSiteConnection DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Draw the current figure if it is interactive.'.
'Checks if a vlan_interface exists in the specified cluster.
'Test max_similarity'.
'Replaces \'target\' with \'string\' with \'target\''.
'gpu_from_host(gpu_from_host) -> gpu_from_
'Test that snapshots are valid for filesystems.'.
'Deletes a collection summary.'.
'Write a plist to a string.'.
'More user'.
'Removes the user from the chat.'.
'Computes the sigmoid of a tensor.
'Find the number of missing elements in a list.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Get the window analyze file.'.
'Returns the password for the given doctype, name and field.'.
'Return True if the signature is the same as the argument.'.
'Divides a variable into a new variable.
'Decodes a JSON string into a Python object.
'Interact with the given client_conn and server_conn DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Returns full spec without validation.'.
'Configures auto capture screenshots.'.
'Make a link node.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Concatenate a list of epochs into one epoch.
'Return the intersection of all of the given graphs.
'Load the config file and return a tuple (path, path) DCNL (path,
'Validates that a string is an integer.
'Execute a command and pillar and return the result as a dict'.
'Return the key for a guestbook'.
'Build a Questionnaire from a series.'.
'Send event to users'.
'Renders a template with the given dictionary and context.
'Return the first occurrence of a key in a dictionary, or the default if the key is
'Return True if the value is aware of the timezone.'.
'Remove a file from the augeas DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts an array into an object.
'Benchmark isotonic regression.'.
'New document page'.
'Main entry point for peep'.
'Load a model from a yaml string.
'Formats a parameter to be used as a string.'.
'Redirect to the given URL.'.
'Escapes HTML for use in HTML.'.
'Get the current user.
'Test output with colorless output'.
'Return the architecture of the current CPU DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the current session as a dict'.
'Get a ctypes library by name.'.
'Return the total sum of squares of y.'.
'Mock stdout or stderr.'.
'Add orbits if necessary.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Return the number of image members for the given image DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a service by host and binary.'.
'Unescapes a string if it\'s not already a URL, or DCNL returns
'Parse and simplify a query.'.
'Return the quantum version of a cluster.
'Returns the placement email address of an advertisement.
'Only load if the salt provider is installed'.
'Validates a config object against a config schema.
'Find a SR from a VDI reference.'.
'Return a summary_params object for the given result.'.
'Customize the job.'.
'Update a target if it is outdated.'.
'Get information about a user.'.
'Return the version from the init_file'.
'Yield (line_number, line) tuples.
'Create a new figure manager instance.'.
'Setup the My Sensor platform.'.
'List all the storage accounts in the cloud provider.
'Configure logging settings.'.
'Test op_implicit() with implicit inheritance'.
'Returns True if the backup_mode is a valid image mode.'.
'Get the component review for the given id.'.
'Convert an OS-specific byte string to a long integer.'.
'Return a list of all available states for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make a test method that adds a skip patch to the result.'.
'Converts a string to a yes-no-coerce string.'.
'Test ksample using the median algorithm DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL x
'Return the path to the server directory.'.
'Only load if libcloud is installed'.
'Clean up a traceback. DCNL :param tb: The traceback to remove DCNL :
'Return a list of tables parsed from the given output lines.
'Unregister all models for the given engine.'.
'Test generate_import_code.'.
'Log a message if debug is enabled.'.
'expr : expression'.
'Returns the next url for the login page.'.
'Convert a sequence matrix to a string matrix.'.
'Find a script by name.
'Generate the keys. DCNL Parameters DCNL nbits : int DCNL number of bits
'Get the previous version tag.'.
'Convert a string to a namespace string.'.
'Return a list of all configured services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Load the manifest from the given package name.
'Compute the computer Akoma score.'.
'Run a Python module.'.
'Return a filter instance for the given function.
'Convert a datetime to a time.
'Sync returners from salt to saltenv DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts a string to a slug. DCNL :param value: string DCNL :
'Get a QPixmap object by name.'.
'Find the version of a file.'.
'Test that the option is a valid commandline option.'.
'Return a list of service names and types for a given service type.
'multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression'.
'Submit a pyspark job to the region.
'Return the pardir path.'.
'Test that the history import absolute path in the metadata files'.
'Delete artifacts from datastore.
'Creates an entrance exam.
'Fetch a list of requirements from a requirements file.
'Returns a filestore with translated units.'.
'Return a strategy that leases a dataset and a node.
'Checks whether the display name can be modified with html.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Render a LaTeX graph in LaTeX.
'Convert a short string to a RGB string.'.
'Return the number of openfds on the system'.
'Convert an item to a topic.'.
'Saves answers to a complete.'.
'Test math subclass'.
'Import a module from `import_path`.
'Add a class to the nd_option dictionary.'.
'Creates all theterritories'.
'Return app detail url'.
'Converts a string to an educated version of the old-style school.'.
'Converts a chi-2-p distribution to a chi-2 distribution.
'Return True if the given setuptools request should be overrided.'.
'A wrapper around dog_stats_api.hist that cleans tags'.
'Given an artist and a album artist, find the part of the album.
'Check that NumPy is installed.'.
'Generate a thumbnail image from a source file.
'Test warnings when replace_column_via_setitem_warnings fails'.
'Save an object to a HDF5 file.
'Return the local IP address of an interface.
'Asserts that two datetimes are equal.
'Setup the apcupsd sensor.'.
'Generate a cookie string.'.
'Converts a string to a ms payload'.
'Filter all nodes that are subclass of superclass.'.
'Write the carveg code to a file.'.
'Escapes characters in a string.'.
'Scale the x,y,mean,std, std, std, std, std,
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Convert boto exceptions to a boto error message.'.
'Test the behavior of --outdated flag'.
'Returns True if the given value is not a non-scalar zero.'.
'Return committee data for the given element.'.
'Delete a resource. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns a map of key-value pairs to key-value pairs.
'Runs the json build command.'.
'Load a list of tests from a file.'.
'Get ejected geometryOutput.'.
'Converts a timestamp into a datetime object.'.
'Return a new hash object.
'Writes the given object as a JSON file.
'quote(s) -> string DCNL Return a quoted version of a string'.
'Set the configuration for a repo.'.
'Install and deploy a certificate and enhance it.'.
'Creates a list of all metrics that are restricted to the view menu set.'.
'Adds a prefix to the migrated message.'.
'Return -1 if point is y < point.Y, -1 otherwise'.
'Read a P2G file.
'Return the path to the git repository.'.
'Return the state of a process.'.
'Test installing a folder using relative path.'.
'Check if a function name is a valid JSONP function.'.
'Return the severity of a check.'.
'Check if Mentions are installed or not.'.
'Format all files in a list of filenames using json_format.
'Resume a file or directory.'.
'Returns the team for the given state.'.
'Persist the current clipboard to the system.'.
'Return the inverse of an array.'.
'Get the next frame from the media player. DCNL.
'Reindex questions and answers.'.
'Creates a descriptor from a protobuf.
'Return True if the expression is constant.'.
'Return a list of available languages'.
'Given a resource type, return the appropriate resolver class.'.
'Return True if the given employee is a holiday.'.
'Get path from path and radius.'.
'Returns True if the filter should be excluded.'.
'Return the contents of the specified host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set up plugin requests.'.
'Get the number of bytes from the given bits stream.'.
'Calculate the residue reduction of a residue. DCNL h: array of residues DC
'Convert a list of SQL statements to a string.'.
'Returns a list of users/blogs for the current site.'.
'Hash a password. DCNL :param password: The password to hash DCNL :param
'Gets the validity of a registration code.
'Test section_desc'.
'Returns the constraint for the sphere between rd and r0 DCNL Args: DCNL rd
'Check if the given spec should skip the given entry.'.
'Returns True if dtype can be represented.'.
'Remove a device from the filesystem.
'Get the plugin filenames from the plugins directory.'.
'Yields a list of struct items for the given test object.'.
'Setup the shed_tool_shed_config file for testing.'.
'Check if a project is absent.
'Computes the summary of a collection.'.
'Compares a screenshot to a file. DCNL :param filename: The filename to compare
'Return options for pifacc project'.
'Shuffles a list of arrays.'.
'Load an image from a file DCNL Parameters DCNL file_name : string DCNL
'Find an EC2 address by public ip and device id.'.
'Adds a code cell to the notebook.'.
'Returns a hash of the version of an item.
'Run the multilink cli.'.
'Generate a file with the given namespace function.'.
'Parse a link header value into a list of dicts.'.
'Verify the signature of a message against a list of certificates.
'Return the name of the init file.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Read maxfilter ctc record from file.'.
'Return OS release information. DCNL.
'Test dense design matrix with YUV preprocessor.'.
'correct_preds(mat, p) -> None DCNL Return the correct target matrix
'Create a connection to the ssh server and connect to the given service.
'Create a module and its parents.'.
'Parses a pattern specification and returns a tuple of (patterns, ignore_patterns_spec
'Ensure that the named service is running.
'Ejects ``f`` in ``K[X]`` in ``K
'Generates an MD5 hash for the given upid.'.
'Read the specified number of doubles from a file.
'Encrypts a message using the given key.'.
'Read the contents of a file and return a dictionary.'.
'Shuffle the songs.'.
'Validate slugs.'.
'Decorator for wtforms2 and up.'.
'Test create_tuple'.
'Return a list of keys matching the pattern DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Event handler for post edit delete.'.
'Get the sum dtype for a given dtype.
'Send a message to a scheduler.'.
'Update the namespace of an item.'.
'Returns True if the given route_dist is valid.'.
'Return a hex dump of the given data.'.
'Return a generator that repeats all responses in the response.
'Return the HMAC-SHA1 of the given key and value.
'Unfreeze the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add a user to the moderators list in the forum.'.
'Returns a usage tag for published entries.'.
'Stop the specified port.
'Create an EC2 volume with the given UUID.'.
'Return the mood of a given sentence.
'API: create user with email no user'.
'Prints the last_updated message.'.
'Convert a resource to a sink.
'List all IsecPolicies for a tenant DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Try to import an optional package and return it.
'Return the ssh interface for the specified VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'sample roidb to num_classes DCNL Args: DCNL roidb:
'Return the codec for the given text.'.
'Return the line number of the current file.
'Return information about a gluster device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the mod function from the callback.'.
'Majorize a list of values. DCNL Parameters DCNL values : list of values DC
'Set the index in a dataframe DCNL Parameters DCNL df : Dataframe DCNL
'Executes a DELETE request on the given URL and profile.
'Remove an element from the pixel list from the point.'.
'Returns a slice of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Render an icon. DCNL :param icon: The icon to render DCNL :param
'Test getting fully qualified domain name'.
'Setup the demo lock platform.'.
'Return a noop function.'.
'Evaluate the given code in the given variables.
'Return the dist string for the current platform.'.
'Clear the buffer of the remote connection.'.
'Raises an exception if the object is not a CUDA array.'.
'Create an image. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Queue a list of models. DCNL Parameters DCNL models : list of models DCNL
'Return the source of the given path from the cache.'.
'Check if a file exists.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show the details of a service.
'Call a high salt minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL salt. state.high DC
'Swap two axes. DCNL Args: DCNL y: Tensor variable DCNL y
'Set the carrier name.'.
'Fill a gcode linear move text.'.
'Convert a dictionary to a pretty-printed string.'.
'Build a docutils header.'.
'Set the fake nodes.'.
'Test that expr can be compiled with the given allowed_codes.'.
'Returns a tf.TrainFeature with the given list of values.
'Return the rheader for a plan'.
'Renders a template with the given context as an XML string.'.
'Create a queue. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Decode a list of predictions. DCNL Args: DCNL preds: A list of
'Test running a pshuffle with a random string.'.
'Get the branch and file split from a branch file.'.
'Compare two HMAC-backed HMAC-SHA1 digests.
'Start the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of all messages from all JS files in the given app.'.
'Add a port to a bridge DCNL br DCNL The bridge to connect to DCNL
'Context manager that extracts a zip file into a temporary directory.
'Convert XR to keyset.'.
'linmod(y, x, weight=None, sigma=None, add_const
'Copy stat from src to dst.'.
'Get the next url from the request.
'<text> -- Swaps <text> with <text>.'.
'Parse the raw server directive.'.
'Return a list of issues for the given project and state.
'Update the tests in the test database.'.
'Test template validation.'.
'<word> -- Get an antonym of <word>'.
'Validate the config'.
'Compute the LM of ``f``.
'Fixture to create default groups.'.
'Returns a dictionary of state names for the given exploration.'.
'Run a git command.'.
'Makes a certificate for the given common_name, private_key and private_key
'Check if a connection is dropped.
'Test cross-validation k-folding.'.
'Updates the profile_picture_data_url for the given user.
'Returns a list of specialized types for the given type.
'Helper function to simplify a match.'.
'Returns True if ltyp is a pointer type.'.
'Check if a file exists in the include_dirs list.'.
'Run code in run_globals. DCNL Args: DCNL code (str):
'Redirect to the other location.'.
'Formats a timestamp as a human-readable string.
'Store a new ticket for the given masterkey and ticket bridge.'.
'Generate a valid slug for a title.'.
'Returns a list of mirrors for a given hostname.
'A covariance function for the arma distribution. DCNL Parameters DCNL ar : array DC
'Insert a link to the subreddit.'.
'Test t_obs, clusters and stat_funs'.
'Ensure that the keyring is present.'.
'Encode a string to base64.'.
'Unzips a dictionary into an ordered dict.'.
'Show tenant network.'.
'Returns a dict of (short_name, long_name) : (short_name
'Get the uuid for a label.'.
'Create a conesearch timer.'.
'Return a URL for the given view name. DCNL :param viewname: The view
'Get the last http error from the current thread.'.
'Prewitt H on a horizontal line'.
'Install the wx runner.'.
'Load a comparable X509 certificate.'.
'Sends a message to the admins.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Test setup_volume_source_space with a label'.
'Returns a list of UserGlobalPrefs instances for the given user_ids.'.
'Return the amount of physical memory allocated to the system.
'Get the value of a secret.'.
'Publish a progress message to the user.'.
'Create an image on a server.'.
'Returns a list of event objects for each resource.
'Sets the dirty flag for the current connection.
'Update the client for the given export.'.
'Return True if x is aninf, False otherwise.
'Computes the MDFT of a number of nodes.
'Shows a helpful vote for a given revision.'.
'Get the file in the given directory from the given directory.'.
'Computes the st of a series of FFTs.
'Update the forum role membership.'.
'Get the size of a directory.'.
'Append an xml text node to the parent.'.
'Test drange function'.
'Convert a Unicode string to an HTML string.
'Return a list of models to patch.'.
'List all tmux configurations'.
'Deletes vrf_rf from route_dist DCNL :param route_dist:
'Get the interpret plugin module.'.
'Update the subject_interests of a user.
'Returns True if the specified selector is focused on the element.'.
'Generates a key based on the given hash function.
'Test datetime.datetime.make_aware with no timezone'.
'Unmount a volume.'.
'Return a list of pids'.
'Get loop without intersections.'.
'Makes an image name.'.
'Return the largest element of x.'.
'Open a file and return a DBM object.'.
'Installs the prerequisites.'.
'Select an item from a list.'.
'Set a deep copy of a data structure.
'Return the python path.'.
'Ensure that a password has been changed.
'Generate a list of python paths for a given package.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Set the computer\'s name DCNL
'Yields unique items in a sequence.'.
'Sets the agent settings.
'Reads a signature from an ed25519 signature file.
'Makes a call to the given request and returns the response.
'Computes the single-valued measures for a given ntwk.
'Merges a list of lists into a single sorted list.
'Returns True if the object is a function.'.
'Test pooling with anon variable'.
'Convert a JSON string to a string.'.
'3 outside'.
'Return a list of the display names for the credit provider for the given course.
'Follow a user.'.
'Retrieve a resource from the API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Construct an algebraic field from a list of coefficients.'.
'Return (p, p, max_denominator).'.
'Perform an email lookup. DCNL.
'Only load if salt is available'.
'Test either if an error is raised when min_scale is larger than max_scale'
'Convert unicode to local string.'.
'strip(s, chars = None) -> string DCNL Return a copy of the string
'Message delete'.
'Return the IP address of the LAN'.
'Get the backing file for a given path.
'Change the gid of a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the version from the version file.'.
'Check to see if the RT table is available.'.
'Notify about instance usage.'.
'Remove the given path from the list of paths.'.
'wrap(text, width = 1) -> string DCNL Wrap text with a width of
'Rename a document'.
'Returns True if the array contains the choices.'.
'Return the registration for the given email.'.
'Convert a 2D array to a 1D array.'.
'OpenID failure page'.
'Wait for a process to complete. DCNL :param process: Process object DCNL :
'Test output of table with success colorless'.
'Assert that desired is within desired.'.
'Parse a single table.'.
'Returns the review request action HTML.'.
'Return the URI prefix for the desktop server.'.
'Enable the given module.
'Determine if two polynomials are in the same shape.'.
'Flow a gcode linear move text.'.
'iteration_statement : statement'.
'Extract a boolean value from a string.
'Test that the world can be absorbed to absorb classes'.
'Test Bokeh\'s main module'.
'Return True if class is abstract'.
'Returns the course key for the given course.'.
'Return True iff is readable.'.
'Checks if the user can edit the group.'.
'Submits a task that calculates themayenroll csv for the given course.'.
'Check if links are valid for the container.'.
'Convert mnc to mvsk.'.
'Return the number of CPUs on this system'.
'Run a command and return the output.'.
'Get round loop.'.
'Setup the two axes.'.
'Returns the cone of the individual at position `position`.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Ensure that all units have the same prefix'.
'A context manager that temporarily disables the current session.
'Return the maximum value of a number between low and high.
'Return a hash of the contents of a file.
'Returns a response for a new expired response.'.
'Returns the host and IP address of the current host'.
'Set a random resource.'.
'Returns a socket object for the specified port.
'Require a crypto object or raise an error if it does not exist.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Max(x, axis=None, keepdims=False, keepdims=False)
'Check if we are running in Qtconsole'.
'Return a list of disabled services.
'Returns a set of URI schemes that are supported by the server.'.
'Displays the current document.'.
'Return a panel that is inheriting from base_panels.
'Return the sqlite3 database.'.
'Update model options.'.
'Given a time zone name, return a human-readable time zone name.'.
'Test power expansion.'.
'Load content types from a list of mimetype locations.
'Test port validation.'.
'Set time limit for a task.
'Return the unit price for the given offer.'.
'Associate a floating IP.'.
'Displays the dashboard column.'.
'Delete a queue DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if an entry is a valid fingerprint.
'Insert a new tab into the course tabs.'.
'Computes the logarithm of x.
'Return a list of outlines of the given string.
'Returns a list of all matches of the given string in the trie.'.
'Check if a worker is running on a vwa.
'Assert that item1 and item2 are before item1.'.
'Test sensor value from code'.
'Gets a string representing the number rounded to the given places.
'Waits for a snapshot to reach the given status.'.
'Reads the contents of two strings into a string.
'Creates an OptionValues object from a list of OptionValues.'.
'Fix up inside blocks and drop tags.'.
'Prints the julia code for the given expression.'.
'Return a list of ordered locations.'.
'Get an image file from the test data root.'.
'Call service'.
'Blend an image onto the canvas.'.
'Parse a date string for perforce date format.'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'Get lines without redundancy.'.
'Register a schema for the given path.'.
'Print a summary of the results.'.
'Formats a string using conditional websafe formatting.
'Extract the tomcat version from the tomcat version output.'.
'Parses the test source and returns a list of test builders.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get a random integer of length n.
'Upload VCS files'.
'Allocate and store a value in the storage.'.
'Converts a numpy array to a scalar.
'Resource factory method'.
'Add a host to an aggregate.'.
'Return the name of the backing file for a given volume.'.
'Return an iterator over all available plugins.'.
'Return a list of templated power types'.
'Reload the module'.
'Login using Google Voice.'.
'Permission denied view'.
'Ensure that the named service is present DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Print an error message. DCNL.
'TREND MODE. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL
'Parses an input spec and returns an image shape object.
'Returns the template library with the given name. DCNL :param library_name: The
'Return the path to the runtime directory.
'Returns a list of models'.
'Skip tests that require the given requirements.'.
'Shows a vocab from a dictionary.'.
'Return a list of inactive VMs DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the name of the package to use'.
'Parse a comma-separated list of tokens.
'Retain a media list. DCNL.
'Remove excess pyc files from path'.
'Return the URL for the given template mod and filename.
'Include CSS for the current theme.'.
'Checks if the percent field is a valid alignment percent field'.
'Deletes a file from public and private storage.'.
'Return the bit width of a python struct.'.
'Ensure that the specified package is available.
'Normalize a URL. DCNL :param href: URL to normalize DCNL :param
'Initialize parameters.'.
'Return the commutation matrix.
'Test distance comparison'.
'Convert a value to a hex string.'.
'Then scenarios are selected with a cmdline.'.
'Generates the managed section for the cluster.
'Return a human-readable time string.
'Fetches all streams in a given interval from the given plugin.
'Test float_range'.
'Get the arounds from the loop.'.
'Validates a response to a plotly request.
'project(v, w) -> scalar_multiply(scalar_multiply
'Complete a list of rules. DCNL :param rules: DCNL :param cmd:
'Compute summary of an exploration.'.
'Unvouch a user.'.
'Initialize the engine.'.
'Get an instance from the identity map.'.
'Log a message at the WARNING level.'.
'Require a project bar.'.
'Get a complex from a list of complex paths.'.
'Create a new manager instance'.
'Determine if the type of alphabets are compatible. DCNL :param alphabets:
'Check if a role exists.
'Setup the OS switches.'.
'Asynchronously delete a collection of models.
'Execute a job on the given site.
'Sanitizes a string to be used as a default.
'Calculates the duration for a given number of samples and sample rate.
'Return the name of the type of an interface'.
'Parses a string into a list of specs.'.
'Finds all qualified targets for the given target.'.
'Converts a string to an HTML string.'.
'Returns a random app id from a remote url.
'Create a dataset with the given headers and data.
'Delete a zone.'.
'Get the scatter property.'.
'Unregister a MIME type handler.
'Log out the user.'.
'Compute the query down to the top-level tables.'.
'Check if a file is empty or wascancelled.'.
'Enter standby activity for a group.
'Return a list of IPv6 addresses for the specified interface.
'Get the stylesheet reference.'.
'Call a BGP method.
'Checks if the system\'s home directory and setup script exist.'.
'Return a list of MPTT results.'.
'strings.rfill() works as expected'.
'Assert that all instances in list_ are of class class_.
'Re-guids a lease on the specified pool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Reload the current system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Strips the object_transient_sysmeta_prefix from the key.'.
'Rename a file or directory.'.
'broadcast arrays'.
'Start the named VM.
'Test setup_volume_source_space'.
'Return ipset command'.
'Render a KML document to a KML document.'.
'Add pillars output to negatives.'.
'Install a package if it isn\'t installed.'.
'Raise an exception with a Jinja2 error.'.
'Test the scale of a sparse matrix.'.
'Return the machine name.'.
'Replaces only one line characters in a string.'.
'Feature.from_file sets scenario line and filename'.
'Convert a datetime to a log string.'.
'Polynomial division of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Return the hash of a file'.
'chunked(seq, n) -> generator'.
'Returns a set of components of ``f`` and ``x``.
'Returns True if the registration should be approved.'.
'Ensures that the real and imaginary parts of p1 are closest to p2
'Delete a topic rule.
'Launch a software switch.
'Test completion for default parameters.'.
'Merge two files into one.
'Escapes all symbols in the given string.'.
'Build a rex page.'.
'Convert a bytestring to lowercase.'.
'Prints the user information in a human readable way.
'Executes the given statement using the given parameters and returns the result.'.
'Verify an OAuth request.
'Load the model.'.
'Checks if the user is logged in and if the user has DCNL access to the
'Ensure that the named role is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Returns True if the string is a channel.'.
'Upload a template and reload it.'.
'UPLINK BUSY Section 9.1.12'.
'Escape a string for use in HTML.'.
'Create a query to filter items based on filters.'.
'Returns a link to a sub-nav with the given action.'.
'Commit a list of files.'.
'Returns True if the type is in a column'.
'Extract the items from the data dictionary.'.
'splitquery(url) -> (path, query) DCNL Splits a URL into
'Handles a path item for a given package.
'Nested context manager'.
'Convert mcycles to seconds.'.
'Get description for activation speed.'.
'Test installing from a file index hash link.'.
'Get the network adapter type.'.
'Run all tests.'.
'Return the profile class from the settings.'.
'Set the location list.'.
'Condense semicolons in CSS.'.
'Return the SHA256 hash of a message using the HMAC-SHA256 algorithm.'.
'Get a namespace by id.'.
'Creates a binary expression with the given collation.'.
'Returns the first occurrence of a string matching a regular expression.
'Check if a plugin is enabled on the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert timedelta to float seconds.'.
'Read a decimal NL short'.
'Recursively remove all files that match the given patterns.'.
'Convert an index name to a regular expression.'.
'Convert a list of bytes to a chunk string.'.
'Split a list of nodes into a list of partitions.
'Return a list of placeholders for the given extend node.'.
'Test page links plugin show all'.
'Extract the text from an element.'.
'Checks if the user is still logged in.'.
'Returns True if the given address is a valid IP address.
'Parse the kinds and sizes and return a tuple of (kinds_and_size
'Returns a map of attribute names to values in an object'.
'Move a file from src_path to dest_path.
'Load the default image font.'.
'Parses a format method string and returns a tuple of (keys, args, len)
'Return the key for a certificate DCNL :param ca_name: The name of the
'Returns a list of crawler arguments for the given message.
'Annotate text in to unicode.'.
'Get geometry output by connection start and connection end.'.
'Get a value from a hash DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make a local path from a string.'.
'Prints debug information'.
'Ensure that pip is installed as an import script.'.
'Return the maximum absolute value of an array.
'Setup the NVR platform.'.
'Get the version of sopel.'.
'Convert a list of file names to a filename.
'Process a bitmap file.'.
'Test system threading tasks'.
'Convert paths from vector3 or xmlobject to paths.'.
'Check if the given object is a strict binary operation.
'Cast an object to a target class.
'Return the histograms of an image.
'Checks that the password is valid.'.
'Create a Tripledes object.'.
'Return the network with the given bridge.'.
'Draw a spectral diagram.'.
'Pair HMM sequences with unaligned HMMs.
'Get the dataset toy.'.
'Prompts the user to choose a value from a list of options.
'Default error handler. DCNL :param connection: The connection object DCNL :param error
'Get media instance position. DCNL.
'Returns a pretty-printed version of params.
'Skips a function if the urlconf is set to LMS.'.
'Parse the autopart line.'.
'Return a dictionary of all statuses'.
'Returns the current site.'.
'Return the path of a virtualenv.'.
'Ensure ratelimit configuration is enabled.'.
'Convert an array of floats to a constant.
'<password> -- Prompts the user to enter <password>.'.
'Test exit on collection with maxfail greater than n errors.'.
'Preface a piece of text.'.
'Test distances with negative values.'.
'Alter a retention policy.
'Output a string.'.
'Returns a dictionary property.'.
'Get content from S3 and delete from S3.
'Converts a type name to a type name.
'Return the environment for the integration.'.
'Get the IP address of a sentinel master DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a tuple of (tool_dependencies, name, owner, changeset_revision,
'Return an iterator over the given fields.
'Remount the device.'.
'Sends a message to the v2 API.
'Returns the skew of an array.'.
'Add end xml tag to output.'.
'Print the tuple target.'.
'Unqote text'.
'Archive a package from a list of sources'.
'Return a prettified version of the order line.'.
'Get all groups for a project.'.
'Returns True if the string is a canonical integer.'.
'Ensure that all hosts are available.'.
'Returns the name of the hyperbolic bridge in the given VIF.'.
'Returns a tuple of (sort_key, sort_key) and (sort_key
'Return the default export transform for the given value.
'Checks if a frequency provides CORS features.'.
'Test reraise'.
'Get the saved rules from the configuration file.
'Create database'.
'Return the number of CPUs in the system.
'Return the number of revisions'.
'Convert a version string to a tuple.'.
'Read the feed for a group.'.
'Initialize a viewer for the given rows and columns.
'Concatenate a list of models with the given attribute.'.
'Run the main event loop.'.
'colored(text, color=None, on_color=None) -> string DC
'Return the package name for the given filepath.'.
'Formats a string using the given format string using the given generator.'.
'Add syncing models to the list of models.
'Return a formatted string for the given package.
'Helper function to sort namespaceuri and localname objects.'.
'Train the optimizer. DCNL Parameters DCNL sess : Train the optimizer DCNL Parameters DC
'Resize the tab to the specified port.'.
'Return True if the file at path exists'.
'Calculates the default variables for a given flavor.
'Find all snippet files in the given ft'.
'Given a list of metadata items, return a tuple of (likelies, consensus) DC
'Return a list of test sids from a list of test sids.'.
'Get node annotation.'.
'Get the data for a snapshot.
'Return the current session counter.'.
'Write a string table to a file.'.
'Raise an exception. DCNL Args: DCNL exception_class: The exception_
'Wrap a dispatch. DCNL.
'Creates a debug-formatted error message.'.
'Return True if `path` matches `ignore_test_paths`.'.
'Load a glyph from a font file.'.
'Given a date, return the first and last month of the date.
'Return a list of drivers'.
'pinv_1d(v) -> np.array DCNL Return a 1d array
'Return the smallest integer less than or equal to ``n`` or ``b``.
'Rotates an angle in radians to a given axis.
'Check if an upgrade is available.
'Returns the commit message for a given suggestion.'.
'Sends an email to the user.'.
'Allow a function to be public.'.
'Returns a list of datastore fields for the given resource.
'Rotation matrix. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : matrix DCNL p: matrix DCNL
'Test get_param_vector() and get_param_vector()'.
'Return a list of all enabled and disabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of grains for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Prepares a lookup value for use in lookups.'.
'Test reading from normal table'.
'Convert a list of strings to a string.'.
'Agent lookup page'.
'Detects executable paths in a list of values.
'Set the image properties for an image.'.
'Set gl entries by account'.
'Get all translatable messages from a report.'.
'quote(s, *args) -> string DCNL Quotes a string using urllib.
'Initialize the OS2 library.'.
'Parse a date into a date string.'.
'Find the migration repository.'.
'Process a list of rules and add them to the list.'.
'Return (args, env) for the injector'.
'Convert a textual representation of a string into an IP address.
'Get the terminal size.
'Converts a dense tensor to a scipy.sparse object.
'Cache a local file if it exists'.
'Return the URL to remove a question tag.'.
'Import all functions from pyopengl2 namespaces.'.
'Get the remote url for a module.'.
'Determine if two rectangles are colliding.
'Extracts the error message from a page.
'Set the proxy for the current user.
'Return True if the given name is ignored.'.
'Get media instance title. DCNL.
'Start logging for a file.
'Ping the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of proxy servers bypassing a network service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Parse a date string according to the OnBlog date format.'.
'Return a new entry id.'.
'Get the phylogenetic metric by name.'.
'Test Google Homelisten port configuration'.
'Decodes a unicode string.
'Return a random salt string.'.
'Format a list of stats responses.
'Create a BaseCipher object from a dictionary.'.
'Add xml from vertexes.'.
'chunk(iterable, iterable, n) -> generator'.
'Return the environment variable.'.
'Return the access key for the current process.'.
'Return the current job, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Remove a directory if it is empty.
'Return True if the given user is logged in, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a list of scopes for the given service names.
'Return a list of insertions for the given extended string. DCNL :param str:
'Remove leading lines from the list of lines.'.
'Check that the bower version is greater than or equal to the current version.'.
'Return the name of an item.'.
'Generates a random password.
'Export a gcode linear move text.'.
'Create a manifest object from an XML file.
'Convert a plaintext string to an HTML string.
'Check if port is in acknowledge.'.
'Formats a file size in bytes.
'Handler for QuteSettings.'.
'Stacks a list of arrays into a single array.'.
'Initializes the global variables used by readline.'.
'Resizes the promo images from src to dst.
'Returns True if the given action is required.'.
'Submit a draft for review.'.
'Sends an email to the user when a decision is made.
'Return a rebulk object for the current language.'.
'Copy query options to the protocol buffer.'.
'Computes the angle of a rotation matrix along a given axis.
'Return the full name of the user with the given id.
'Split a quoted string into a tuple (quoted, rest) DCNL :param s
'Send a packet to the RTP server.
'Checks that the keys in dict_from are present in dict_to.
'Creates a Google user.'.
'Loads a list of images into a dictionary'.
'Generates a tab with the given depth.'.
'Creates a recurring job.
'Return True if x is at the origin.'.
'Create or update volume type extra specs.'.
'Return a list of test names in the given test directory.
'Adds the given amount of time to the given time.
'Initialize the logging handler.'.
'Returns a list of all pairs in the same order as nm'.
'Return the name of the root device in the given dictionary.
'Compute the LFILTER_zi signal for each section of the array sos.
'Return the tag vocabulary as a JSON string.'.
'Test picking channels and types.'.
'yaml: ownership DCNL registry: registry DCNL registry: registry DCNL registry: registry
'Get the leftmost point from a list of points.'.
'Initialize the database'.
'Returns a list of associations for a qos spec.'.
'Convert a timestamp to a datetime object.'.
'Return the cache id for a resource.
'Install the geonode package.'.
'Set the logger class.'.
'Get the minimum index for a given period.'.
'Fermat(n) -> [(x - y, x)] DCNL
'Get a BeautifulSoup from the given URL.
'Recursive helper for _rec_diff_eval.'.
'Notify a user about a new language.'.
'Returns the kernel between d1 and d2.
'Make a backup link.'.
'Show a job.'.
'Get a zone by name or name'.
'Ccull a list of matches from a list of matches.'.
'Open a resource by name.
'Main entry point for xlsx2py'.
'Create a pairtree marker in the given folder.
'Computes the cost of the graph g. DCNL g: dictionary DCNL g:
'Creates an application controller.'.
'A context manager that silences stdout and stderr.'.
'Test constrain_filter_maxnorm.'.
'Test delimiters.'.
'Get a dictionary of readme files for the given tool_shed_url and repo info
'Reads a cronconfig file and parses it into a dictionary.
'Returns a list ofgated content for the given user.'.
'Create a certificate issuer id.'.
'Checks if the user has the given permission for the given group.
'Test limited_epoch_train'.
'Process escape sequences in text.
'Parses a FNAME into base_name, seqs_per_sam,
'Print information about a virtual machine.'.
'Parse a range header. DCNL :param header: The header to parse DCNL :
'Returns a tuple of (ext_py, modname).'.
'Create a version for a file upload if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a list of available modules DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Compute the compression rate for the given metadata.'.
'Add a translation to the plugin.'.
'Return the _resultType for the given result.'.
'Validate a URL against a list of protocols.'.
'Uninstall packages from a list of packages.
'Get the Numba type for the given datashape.'.
'Prints the BokehJS for the given action.'.
'Returns a datetime object from uuid1 argument.'.
'Create dhcp options. DCNL Parameters DCNL domain_name : string DCNL The
'Scans the reader for variables.
'Converts a numpy array to a contiguous array.
'Get the interior overhang angle.'.
'Lookups the candidates in the database.'.
'If the title is deleted, mark it as published.'.
'Validate a parameter from a dictionary.
'initialise module'.
'Add two dictionaries. DCNL :param dict_a: The dictionary to add DCNL
'Compute the id and projection of a zr matrix.
'Generates a generator for all models.'.
'Return the image type for the given vda'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Check if a device exists in the specified namespace.
'Test the set_data method.'.
'Prompt the user for a password.
'Converts a string into a delimited list.
'Return a list of all test cases in the given module.'.
'Get all pci devices belonging to an instance.'.
'Similar to bench_r6'.
'Generates a JID for the current time.'.
'Handler for rmtree errors.'.
'Return the QApplication instance.'.
'Return a list of dependency objects for the given device memory.'.
'Return the version of the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a connection to the database.
'Runs a command and returns a doc object.'.
'Generates a key to be used as the descending key for the current time.
'Return True if the given file is a TTY.
'Convert an RGB array to an array of RGBA values.
'Returns True if the txn_id is duplicated.'.
'Return a list of all available agent checks DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Helper to add a new ide controller.'.
'Converts an image to a blob. DCNL Parameters DCNL im : ndarray DCNL
'Stop profiling of memory.'.
'Converts a string or unicode object to unicode.'.
'Converts a string into a datetime.date object.
'Return the longest id in a list of ids'.
'A context manager that raises an exception if an exception is raised.'.
'Add sparse endpoints from a segment.'.
'Return a simplified version of parser_return.'.
'Unpack a version string into a tuple.
'Change the ownership of a file DCNL path DCNL path : string DCNL path to
'Return the managed cloud for this VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of problems for a given command.
'Get a consumer object from the session.'.
'Return the commit offset for the given version.'.
'Check if a hostname is valid.'.
'Get media player time. DCNL.
'Returns a simple version string.'.
'Convert an IPv4 address to a hex string.'.
'Run a WSGI function.
'Open a TCP connection to the given host and port.
'Return the conjugate of the number.'.
'Croncounter(ind1, ind2) -> (ind1,
'Computes the lowess bisquare of the given time series.'.
'splitport(\'host\', \'port\') -> \'host\',
'Generate a template code generator.
'Read data from the end of a 64-bit archive.'.
'Parses a comma-separated comma-separated string.
'Compute MNE loc.'.
'Return a list of (contrib_name, path) tuples of (contrib_name
'Gets the name of the network adapter with the given mac address.
'Redirect to the default view'.
'Minify a string using javascriptminify.'.
'Remove a server\'s security group.'.
'Helper to generate a tooltip for a node item.'.
'Bad request handler'.
'Validate the given xsd file.'.
'Test scenario description'.
'Computes covariance and HCCM of the covariance matrix.
'Send email to users'.
'Prints a basic debug message for this object.'.
'Log a message at the given log level.
'Status add'.
'Deconstructs a timestamp and device_id from an asset id.
'Only load if boto is available'.
'Sends an email to the given consumer.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL List certificates for a service DCNL CLI
'Escape special characters in a string.'.
'Return a list of values sorted according to the order of the keys in the dictionary.
'Normalize a float so that it can be converted to a float.'.
'<url> - shortens <custom> with <url>'.
'Remove compiled application.'.
'Return a short description of the module'.
'Transactions page'.
'Return the backup mode.'.
'Return a logger instance.'.
'Returns the URL for the given view name.
'Find the primitive field in x0.'.
'Patches the threading module.'.
'Return True if the OS supports AVX.'.
'yank_nth_arg(event) -> None'.
'Unescapes a string. DCNL.
'Given a path to a language file, return the language variant DCNL or None if the
'Get the arounds from the paths.'.
'Clean up image files'.
'Returns the language variant for the given language code. DCNL :param lang_code:
'testlist : testlist'.
'Part a channel.'.
'Make test cases for allocated sizes.'.
'Run the given script.
'Get the pytumbolia module.'.
'Write a list of message descriptors to the given stream.'.
'Unlink an identity. DCNL :param user_id: The identity to unlink DC
'Recursively change the permissions of a file or directory.'.
'Make a file readable.'.
'Validate the commit message'.
'Check if a distribution is in a user site.'.
'Waits for a volume to be retyped.
'Makes a class compatible with Python 2.'.
'Transpose a vectorized matrix.
'Converts an RGB color to a string.
'Converts a time since value to a string.
'Return the system configuration'.
'Serialize an object to JSON.
'Get all instance uuids for a host.'.
'Delete a document if it exists.'.
'Return a list of all installed apps'.
'Get an RFX object from a hex packet.'.
'Parse a list of sentences.'.
'Get the pyos input hook.'.
'Return a tuple of (result, params) for the Jenkins API response.'.
'Calculate the filename for an image.'.
'Returns True if the stream is a CSV file, False otherwise.
'Adds a summary of the gradients.
'Parse credentials.'.
'Log a message with severity notice.'.
'Validates that the value is a valid integer. DCNL Args: DCNL name (
'Writes a string to the console.'.
'Returns a dictionary containing the language information for the given site_id.
'Converts a Python object into a JS object.
'Converts a string to a list of strings.
'Read a pcap file and return a list of PCAPs.'.
'Returns a tuple of (None, None) where each element in y is not DCNL
'Returns a list of beacons for the given configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a block of tweets'.
'Test the fit sample routine with decision tree'.
'List virtual interfaces. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Save the editor to the database.'.
'Get a group type by id.'.
'Converts a base64-encoded UIDB36 to an integer.
'Sends a jinja email for today\'s daily reviews.'.
'Enable an upstart service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new protoc plugin.'.
'Test grouped copy and grouped copy'.
'Return a generator that yields all values in the BFS of the given source.
'Return the default node name for the given hostname.
'Sends a POST request to the given url and returns the response.'.
'Return a list of locations matching the given path.
'Find an element with the given CSS selector.'.
'Returns the list of available languages.'.
'Password reset complete'.
'Return the library name of the readline library.'.
'A generator that yields all the fullnames of a given function.
'Test grid search.'.
'Asserts that two strings are equal.
'Create a shape from a path.'.
'Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
'Set a font.'.
'Get instance faults by instance uuids.'.
'Returns a list of breadcrumbs for the given query and path.'.
'Validates bug tracker input URL.'.
'Call popen and wait for it to finish.'.
'Get the context for Zendesk custom field.'.
'Rebuild the marshaled code. DCNL :param marshal_version: The marshaled
'Returns the indices of the const_index and indices of the variable DCNL :param ex
'Get a file descriptor or a server.'.
'Merge a list of hosts into one or more roles.
'Requires a single existing key'.
'Get the number rounded to three places.'.
'Click an element in the DOM.'.
'Get an xunit function by name.'.
'Read the configuration file at the given path.
'Prepares a list of asides to store.'.
'Resume an instance DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Truncates the given string to the given number of words.
'Return a list of procs'.
'Check if the argument is not rewritten.'.
'Checks if the given URI is a valid GCS URI and fixes it.'.
'Show tooltip'.
'Get the dtype of the dtype.'.
'Update incompatible apps.'.
'Get the gecos field for a given name'.
'Returns a list of paths from a list of indexes.'.
'Check if the file is None'.
'Return a list of all build files in the given root directory.'.
'Get a driver by name.'.
'Return the name of a function'.
'A context manager that isolates the lru cache.'.
'Get the newest VM DHCP lease for a virtual machine.'.
'Set attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Returns a list of n minibatches of size minibatch_size.
'Test importing and importing tabs'.
'Load an object from a path.
'expand_dims(context, args, axis) -> numpy.array DCNL Return the
'Returns True if all of the tensors in a_tensors are equal.
'Convert a list of issues to a dictionary.'.
'Return the file system encoding.
'The beta signed log page'.
'Return a list of serial values for this machine.
'Get the MAC address of an interface'.
'Multiply a variable by another variable.'.
'Generate a dataset with the given number of items'.
'Convert the xml element to a container element.'.
'Creates a bar chart with the given arguments.'.
'Reshape a 2D array to a 2D array.'.
'Return the pre-run code hook.'.
'Test BatchNormalizedMLP learnscale at alloc.'.
'Embed an album into an image.
'Execute a single command.'.
'Generate a random seed for the given matrix.'.
'Test getting a single view'.
'Replaces HTML and illegal characters in an atom element.
'Return the integer mode of the given mode.'.
'Calculate the sum of each group of elements in x DCNL Parameters DCNL x :
'Convert the xml element to a container element.'.
'Handle existing loggers.'.
'Return a dict of hardware_infos for each client in a batch.'.
'linear_func(t, y, a) -> float DCNL Return the value of
'Traverse a GPU with a copy of x.
'Assert command output contains text.'.
'map(requests, stream=True, exception_handler=False) -> list DC
'Create a new flavor.'.
'Parse command-line arguments.'.
'Returns a list of lcps for a given array of strings.
'Return the current offset of the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Plot a polar curve.'.
'Convert an XML response to a LXDoc object.
'Setup logging.'.
'Returns True if n is a tuple'.
'patch boto.emr.emr.emr.emrConnection.describe_
'Return the path of a resource in a virtualenv DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a new instance of the other3.Sentinel object.'.
'Remove a contributor from a document.'.
'Adds a slash to the beginning of the string.'.
'Returns a list of packages that have been autocompleted.'.
'Render a dson input.
'Project manage page'.
'Write the craft to a file.'.
'Main entry point for toolshed repository.'.
'Sends a message to the remote yard.'.
'Run the trigger_restart command.'.
'Detect and extract text from files.'.
'Check if a requirement is available.'.
'Update the session language.'.
'Setup the demo camera platform.'.
'Returns True if the value is a valid slug.'.
'Test atomic download failure.'.
'Makes the pad parameters.'.
'Return the load information for a given jid'.
'Test user flag'.
'Test rank1nes'.
'Test that no targets are loaded'.
'Return the current working directory.'.
'Add simplified path.'.
'Send a vrrp list request.'.
'Rebulk release group'.
'Normalize text according to formats.'.
'Return a tuple of all tasks matching the given annotation.'.
'Return a list of ordered categories.'.
'Converts an IP address to a binary string.
'Return True if the given address is a IPv6 address.'.
'Return a list of ports matching the given name'.
'Return the filename of the makefile.'.
'expression : expression PLUS expression DCNL | expression MINUS expression DCNL | expression DC
'Wait for a given interval of time and return (tot_before, tot_
'Get the root directory of a path.'.
'Enable a Jenkins job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new figure manager instance.'.
'Return the tra template for the given text.'.
'Sign up a user using crypto.'.
'Sum the parts of a GPU.'.
'Merge two dictionaries into one.
'Convert a timedelta to days.'.
'Serialize data to a JSON string.
'Create a new templated plugin class.'.
'Prints the mean and variance of the firsts and others.'.
'Return the basename of a file.'.
'Get a tenant by name.'.
'Dump the contents of a file to the log file.'.
'Computes the gradient of a constant variable.
'Return the partition of a value in the given divisions.'.
'<text> -- Decodes <text> using base64.'.
'Test outdated editables in legacy mode.'.
'Yields a list of (name, category) tuples for num addons'.
'Distribute keys to the user\'s host.'.
'Get ejected paths.'.
'Runs the GDataService on the given GDataService.
'Read pillar data from Vault DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Disables password authentication on the ssh server.
'Load a bucket'.
'Create a test image.
'Test IForest'.
'Return a list of all MongoDB users DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the current git repository.'.
'Create a gcode linear move text.'.
'Run a module and return the result.'.
'Return a nicely formatted version of a frame relation type.'.
'Get the download pipeline.'.
'craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Get a server from a servicegroup DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Query the database for note messages.'.
'Get the arguments of a function.'.
'Print an error message to stderr.'.
'Indent a document by a given number of lines.
'A server error handler that handles ajax requests.'.
'Get the circle intersection loops.'.
'Start a block of data.'.
'Return information about a specific jid DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Restores the state of the warnings object to the given state.'.
'Parses a URL into an absolute URL.
'Return the color name for the given value.
'Add a reference to a file and a path.'.
'Return the current runlevel'.
'Generates feature and sample indices.'.
'Set the environment variable `key` to `value`.
'Raises an error with the given parameters.
'Return True if l is exactly n'.
'Computes a butter-like butter-like likelihood.
'Downloads a kernel from a file.
'Test create_wedge_text_source'.
'Return netstat routing information from netbsd'.
'Creates the initpy file for the given child directory.
'Only load if suos is installed'.
'Test extras after wheel'.
'Returns the perceptron output.'.
'Calculates the PDF for a given number of samples.
'Check if the version is greater than or equal to settings.version_max().'.
'mocked_get_release_by_id(id_) -> dict DCNL
'Test float doctests. DCNL Args: DCNL sphinx_shell: Sphin
'Return the bull graph.'.
'Test a distributed server.'.
'Decode a base64-encoded string.
'Sanitizes a filename to be used as a filename.
'Group ranges together. DCNL :param ranges: DCNL :type ranges: list[
'Print a string representation of an object.'.
'Return the absolute numbering for the given xem.
'Initialize the zone interval table.'.
'Sanitizes a URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to sanitize. DCNL
'Process a list of lenmavs.'.
'Get arguments from docstring.'.
'Vectorized version of stats.dirichlet.logpdf.'.
'Generate a URL for the given data.'.
'Update a collection summary.'.
'Creates a parameter with the given size.
'Return True if the current event is safe.'.
'Test rendering mri without Bem'.
'Install a pip package DCNL req_file DCNL Parameters DCNL req_file :
'Displays the storage account table details.'.
'Reset the default locale for the given category.'.
'Return True if unichar is printable.'.
'Get the machine key.'.
'Test accept with custom exception text'.
'Return True if the segment matches the section.'.
'Test statsd fail'.
'Create a list of chunks from a sequence and size.'.
'Return a string representation of the current thread'.
'Combine a sequence of games into a sequence of plays.'.
'Import a class from a string and return it.'.
'Get a deferred attribute.'.
'Find the username and password for a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Converts a URL to a string, truncating URLs to a specified DCNL limit
'Test coordinate distances'.
'Get all questions for a complete series.'.
'Wraps a negative index to the given dimension.'.
'Adds the application to the response.'.
'Return True if the test ends with the endings.'.
'Return the key from the config file.'.
'Return the absolute path of a directory.'.
'Enable a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find the management module for the given app name.
'Check if user tags are available for the given datetime.'.
'Test max length on feature name'.
'Returns a list of roles with the given permission.
'Returns a queryset of likes for the given object.'.
'Return set of unresolved symbols in hex code.'.
'Get the locale name for the given category.
'Test either if an integer is given as input'.
'Safely quote a URL.
'Render a wempy template file.
'Get the tiles for the given layers.'.
'Returns a dict of information about a favorite for a user and content object.'.
'Return a named stringio with the given file extension.'.
'Setup the SAuce browser.'.
'Return True if the given path is a directory.'.
'Return a dict of the raw data for the given key.
'Get the rights for a collection.'.
'Find the root of a resource.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Inverse permutation. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : ndarray DCNL Parameters DCNL p
'Returns the moving average for the given total_loss.
'Clone a BS4 element.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Create a connection to a server and a client.'.
'Return a text representation of a journal.'.
'Test rgb to hsl color function'.
'Runs the bot\'s data in the session.'.
'Set a column indicator on a board.'.
'Remove an app from bench.'.
'Returns the status of a task'.
'Fix VC macro slashes.'.
'Enable interactive mode.'.
'Splits a string into a list of quotes. DCNL Parameters DCNL value : string
'Test the activation of the main loop'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Normalize AWS facts.'.
'Join segments from one table to another.'.
'Test CSV reader with fill_include_names and fill_exclude_names.'.
'Write buffer to file descriptor.'.
'Test plot_psd'.
'Return a list of all revisions for the organization.
'Convert an MC matrix to a MNC matrix.'.
'Get show and scene names from NZB file.'.
'Convert a list of paths to native paths.'.
'Load the cache from the database'.
'Pickle data. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : str DCNL data : str DC
'Return a copy of a function\'s arguments as a dictionary.'.
'Create a topooptimizer object from a list of options.
'Returns a dictionary of block devices mapped to the given image.
'Merge other into base.
'Remove all joinables from os.path'.
'Set the callback functions for audio audio.'.
'Convert a descendant addresses to a PathGlobs object.'.
'Get the server type.'.
'Generates a fingerprint for a set of channels.
'Return True if x is an integer.'.
'Converts an object to a linear operator.
'Returns a datetime object representing the current epoch.'.
'Test PIL with no Tkinter'.
'Suspend the specified amount of time in seconds.'.
'Checks that the image library is installed.'.
'Return the endpoint for the signed apps server.'.
'Returns True if in_str is an empty string.'.
'Report filter page'.
'Accept connections until the listener is ready to accept.'.
'Writes the corrected mapping file.'.
'Read a text file. DCNL :param filename: The file to read DCNL :
'Process a mistral config file.'.
'Show version of a device.'.
'Create a client to authorize the given credentials.'.
'Returns a datetime object that can be used as a UTC datetime.'.
'Process a list of URLs.'.
'Create a new row type.'.
'Ensure that the VPN forwarding rule is enabled.'.
'Returns the media for the given url.'.
'Test float range'.
'expr : NUMBER'.
'Get the state of a step.
'Return the URL of a page\'s slug.'.
'Return hardware_events information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Redirect to create'.
'Run a command inside a directory.'.
'Save a NZB file to disk DCNL :param nzbname: Name
'Disassociate all fixed IPs from a host.'.
'Run rgconv.'.
'Get an item from the database.'.
'Generate a signature for a public key.
'Get the foreground and background color for a home display.'.
'Returns True if the response has a header that matches the header_query.'.
'Return the path to the template file.'.
'Returns the data function for the given time series.'.
'Set the SSL certificate for a site.'.
'A context manager that temporarily sets the current locale and sets the DCNL default locale to the
'Return an iterator over the given types.'.
'Test the icon of the arceus form.'.
'Computes the APK score for the given prediction.
'Find all the socket files in the current directory.
'Load a yaml configuration file.'.
'Return the string representation of the given IP version.'.
'Require the command line tool.'.
'Flattens a response into a string.'.
'Flushes a database.
'Check if a pipe string is a valid rendering pipe string.'.
'Split a string into a list of stems.'.
'A vulnerability resource header.'.
'Return the path to the Python executable.'.
'Revert ``f`` to ``g`` in ``K[x]`
'Computes the tower loss.
'Return a list of directories in the given path.'.
'Proxyconnect view'.
'Return a list of divs for the given fields.'.
'Forces a string to unicode.
'Ensure that pr_fetch is present'.
'Convert an instance to a string.'.
'Installs a Bokeh environment.
'Compute the SVD of an idzr matrix.
'Creates a grid of two or more arrays.
'Adds a number of log values to the given logx and logy.
'Encodes a string to a double-quoted URL.
'Parse a string of comments and return a list of tuples.'.
'Parse a list rule. DCNL :param rule: the rule to parse DCNL :
'Return the resource name for the given res_pkg_name and my_pkg.
'Create a document. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns a slugified version of the given value that is unique to the queryset.
'Removes permissions for a document.'.
'Get output target extension.'.
'Creates a tracking context for a user.'.
'Test patch_images returns an error if patch_images returns an invalid directory'.
'Check if a file is an archive.
'Test correct version of pip'.
'Returns True if all words are uppercase, False otherwise.'.
'Iterate over all modules in a given package.
'Returns True if the course may be shown for the course.'.
'Activate the environment from the given path.'.
'Update a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Update a mapping from upd to dest.
'Prepares a CreateInstanceRequest message.'.
'Format a module directive.'.
'Return the filename of the current file.
'Return a list of tuples of units'.
'parallel(x, y, func, n_jobs, **kwargs) -> np.
'Computes the inverse of a >>= b.'.
'Make sure that the figure preserves font size'.
'Returns True if the string is a multi-line line.'.
'Test the print monitor CV file.'.
'Perform a Studio prompt action.
'Convert a number of bytes to a human-readable string.
'Formats a currency value.
'Test classification report with a long string label.'.
'Remove build and release directories.'.
'Assert that the given list of tuples are not the same.
'Construct a dictionary of author ids from a list of authors.
'Delete a resource class.'.
'Run psea on a file and return the full path to the file DCNL pname
'Insert a host to the database.'.
'Simulate the sparse autoencoder.'.
'Ensure that the specified profile is absent DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Install ez from scratch.'.
'Assert that first is not second.'.
'Test the evaluation of a report.'.
'Regression test for https://github.com/astropy/astropy/astropy/
'Returns True if ``f`` is irreducible in ``K[X]
'Returns the timeout for a given time in seconds DCNL Args: DCNL start, end
'Convert a F4 string to a F4 string.
'See :meth:`r11`.'.
'Get the current simulation state.'.
'Return the encoding of a string or unicode object.
'Return the initial value of a form.'.
'The Checkout submit page'.
'Escapes a string that can be used as a variable name.'.
'Create a set of index types for the given index.'.
'Process the show version information.'.
'Check if the number of channels has changed.'.
'Wait for a job to finish.
'Creates a user and a user profile.'.
'Connect to the Cloud Load Balancers API.
'expand the bench'.
'Return the fileno of a file-like object.
'apply the facty by blockvectorv'.
'Sting function. DCNL Parameters DCNL params : dict DCNL Parameters DCNL params
'Get a hosting service by name.
'Swap the host address of an XAPI URL.'.
'Parse an ethtool options dictionary.'.
'Return a dictionary of all proxies in the current environment.
'Context manager that restores the current working directory.'.
'Return the logging level for the given runlevel.'.
'Setup the netatmo sensor.'.
'Read a record from a file.'.
'Get the current server. DCNL.
'View that verifies the sha1 hash of the uploaded file'.
'Get the kind of a key.'.
'Return the maximum value of a.
'Return (num_blank_lines, str_empty_line) and (num_
'Initialize the database.'.
'Test the template for an error.'.
'Returns the x, step, and cost of the optimization.'.
'Returns an exception for a UNCaught API error.'.
'Returns a list of videos for the given course.'.
'statement : INDRA statement'.
'Escapes JavaScript characters in a string.'.
'Check all tasks are running'.
'Return a tuple of py_files and extensions from a MF.
'Return a single selection.'.
'Returns the reference matrix between two matrices. DCNL Parameters DCNL p : matrix DCNL
'Setup the stubs.'.
'Returns a tuple of variables in the given scope.
'Indent the logical line with the given indentation level.
'Convert raw to a string.
'Removes all filenames from the given descriptor.
'Test syntax feature name without name.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Get all MFA devices for a user.
'Returns a paginated list of documents for a given tag.'.
'Returns a sha512 hash of the given string.'.
'Updates title\'s top contributors.'.
'rparam(a, b).'.
'Returns a list of filenames that are not in the exclude list.'.
'Returns the symmetric cross product of two arrays.'.
'Write the conditional formatting for a worksheet.'.
'Change the workphone of a GEOS device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a dict of head node types from a list of fixers.
'A context manager that ensures that the current context is in a SIGWINCH handler
'Redirect to the homepage if no mode is specified'.
'Return a column type.'.
'Return True if the given key is encrypted.'.
'Convert a number to a NNN word.'.
'Sends an application to the ember-apps directory.
'Validate LMS configuration.'.
'Unregister a hosting service.
'Decorator to mark a function as requiring that a user is not DCNL logged in.
'Return an iterator over the lines of the application.'.
'Returns the course syllabus section.'.
'Return a list of directories that match the given regular expression.
'Return the width of a character in a string.'.
'Destroy a droplet from the cloud provider.
'Test downloading VCS link'.
'Convert a Sina XML to a list of URLs.'.
'Create a Python environment.'.
'Main entry point for the module.'.
'Linear Regression'.
'center(x) -> array DCNL Return the center of a matrix DCNL Parameters DC
'Test output with successful outline colorless'.
'Build a graph from a cursor.'.
'Builds a list of criterion objects for the given AdGroup ID.
'Test QDataStream.check_qdatastream'.
'Check if two arrays are equal.
'Finds an instrument that can be used as arum_group device.'.
'Return the absolute path of the given dev.'.
'Return a copy of the environment for the given subject. DCNL Parameters DCNL subject :
'Reduce the precision of an element.'.
'Render the purchase form as HTML.'.
'Return a list of commands to run for the given subcommand.'.
'Account edit'.
'Return the id of an object if it exists.'.
'Return a list of all extractor classes.'.
'Find the renderer for the given object.'.
'Convert a file-like object to an integer.
'Calculates the value of the Euclidean distance between a and m DCNL
'Create a default app action.'.
'Handler for namespaces for CherryPy engines.
'Precompute the dataset.'.
'Prints a message to the error log.'.
'Parses a line of text into (key, value) pairs.'.
'A wrapper around joinedload_all.'.
'Return the number of seconds since the given timestamp.'.
'Parses a string into an HTML object.
'Only load if boto is available'.
'smell --skips tests'.
'Set the creation order for the given instance.'.
'Prep the data for filtering.'.
'Send a message to the WOL device.
'Generic factorization.'.
'Kegg convolution. DCNL :param target_db: DCNL :param
'Return a redis server instance'.
'Get all available regions for a tenant DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the maximum value of a variable.
'Get a list of all files in the merged store.'.
'Get the resource limits from the remote server.'.
'normalizes envvar references in a string'.
'Checks if data sharing is consistent at login.'.
'Initialize the multiprocessing thread.'.
'django-admin-media-serving is forced by setting'.
'Sets the dirty flag for the current thread.
'Return the identity of the argument.'.
'Revalidate the edges of a node.'.
'Returns the decimal symbol for the given locale.'.
'Checks that a property value is valid.
'Fold the arguments of a signature into a list of tuples.
'Decorator to skip doctests.'.
'Get the format writer for the given extension.'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid unary op.'.
'Test printing of sets'.
'Unwrap a testcase into a list of testcases.
'Bootstrap a Ubuntu container.
'Return True if path is a file or a directory, False otherwise.'.
'View a help file.'.
'Create a temporary basedir environment.'.
'Return True if the filters are satisfied.'.
'Find related search results.'.
'Re reserve the vlanid if it exists'.
'Notify a new translation to the given unit.'.
'Return a list of fields for the given table.'.
'Only load if gpg is installed'.
'Test precision and recall scores.'.
'Computes the Euclidean correlation coefficient.
'Clean up the random number generator.'.
'Get all connections for a given kind.
'Return the Schedule URL for the given year, type, and week.'.
'Return the hash of a list of arguments.
'Match a keyword expression in a column.'.
'Returns a gfirefly version string.
'Test plot_source_estimates'.
'Register a listener for events.
'Reload the systemctl configuration.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Calculates the number of consensus trees in the tree.'.
'Computes the gauss wave function'.
'Extrude a gcode file.'.
'describe dcc data'.
'Test roberts on a diagonal image'.
'Retailrange a dask DataFrame by column disk DCNL Parameters DCNL df : DataFrame
'A view that redirects to the login page'.
'Make sure that unicode is in the filename'.
'Redirects to the given endpoint if it\'s not already in use.'.
'Test theinequality function'.
'Sends an email to a user DCNL subject DCNL whom : string DCNL what
'Displays the schema version.'.
'Reject a suggestion from a thread.'.
'Determine if two blocks are equivalent.
'Runs correlation test on the given data generator.
'Clonneck'.
'Returns a set of unpassable types for the given argument.
'Indent a genbank info string to the given indent.'.
'Return a list of jobs that match the filter'.
'Build a wsgirequest object from a URI.'.
'Check to see if a given service exists.
'Parse a header line and return a key/value pair.
'Formats a mapdict into a list of tuples.
'Checks if a user has a permission for a project.'.
'Test warning when a column is replaced with a new item'.
'Convert a dimension and hierarchy into a string.'.
'Apply palette256 to an image.'.
'Gets a collection summary by its id.'.
'Clusters the data using the feature clustering algorithm.
'Test nonexistent options listed in order.'.
'Return the test suite.'.
'Test the boolean types.'.
'Preserves whitespace in a string.
'factorize a list of iterables into a list of lists'.
'Converts a web url into an API URL.'.
'Download all files in the data directory.'.
'Calculate the width of a tile in pixels.'.
'Get response from cli'.
'Remove a directory tree. DCNL :param directory: The directory to remove DCNL :
'Formats a time difference between start and end.
'Return the line number of the line at the given location.'.
'Return an object from a class path.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Read a pair of non-escaped characters from a file.
'Migrates the labels of objects from one to another. DCNL :param root_urn
'Set the logger class.'.
'Update a version number in a zip file.
'Rewrite the content of a file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Generates a Java test.
'Get the scipy.signal.SOSFitfilt object.'.
'Encode a binary string into a tuple (output output, length).'.
'Load a movie from a file.'.
'Return a list of I18N patterns for a given prefix.
'Convert an enum to an index.'.
'Convert an array like object to a devicendarray.
'Return the current health check time.
'calc_array_sizeof( ndim) -> int DCNL Return the size of the
'Main function'.
'Check if new version is available.
'Return True if all elements in the sequence are equal.'.
'Returns True if the given tag namespace is allowed for the given user.'.
'Return the output of a shell command.'.
'Get the last change of an account policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a string with a no-thousand separator.'.
'Return True if the azure library has the required Azure version.'.
'Prints information about all the plugins and plugins.'.
'Get the mmap object from an array.'.
'Return runner modules'.
'Parses a mime-type into a tuple of (type, subtype, params) DC
'Removes all caches for the given backend'.
'Apply the received command to the device.'.
'Test switch orientation'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'RELEASE COMPLETE Section 9.1.16'.
'Check to see if a policy exists.
'Parse the file paths from the given page.'.
'Test reading config file'.
'Uploads a file to Google Cloud Storage.'.
'Sets the owner and admin permissions for a resource.'.
'Set the log format for the server.
' grant access to shared folders to a user DCNL name DCNL The name of the user
'Returns True if the given label is a fully-discoverable module.'.
'Shutdown all threads in data_source_thread.
'Execute a HTTP request and return a dict of data'.
'Return the number of free CPUs.'.
'Add a notification driver.'.
'Return the relative path to the given path.
'Setup the databases.'.
'The CSV for a facility management group.'.
'initialise module'.
'Start a stub service.'.
'Use the txaio framework.'.
'Find a substring matching the pattern1 and pattern2.
'Format a list of records into a string.'.
'Extract events from Kenen.'.
'Apply ceiling to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Update a mirror on cygwin DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test column conversion errors.'.
'Only load if ssh is installed'.
'Appends \'s\' to the end of the string if it ends with \'
'Return the size of the file in bytes.
'Create a default SSLContext object.'.
'Delete one or more blobs.
'initialise module'.
'Validate a user name.'.
'base_type : base_type DCNL | base_type DCNL | base_
'set_safe_attr(instance, attr, val) -> bool DCNL Set an
'Return the image from the cloud provider'.
'Deploy a git repository.'.
'Yield successive column chunks from a list of lists.
'Returns a dict of all available geoserver URLs.'.
'Return the version of ipset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Formats a datetime as a date string.'.
'Validates an email address.
'API handler to handle requests'.
'Check if a vlan exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a copy of the current environment.
'Stop the touch app.'.
'Replaces a string with a regular expression.
'Test replaying load with template name.'.
'Test mock client.'.
'Represents a float value in the project status.'.
'Checks if a bucket name is a valid DNS name DCNL :param bucket_name
'Initialize the color cycle.'.
'final_layer(self, training_data, epochs, mini_batch_size
'Download a file from a URL.
'Return a pg(word, body) string.'.
'Parse a directive. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Clean the locks'.
'Asynchronously execute a function on a pool and return the result.'.
'Get vector3 by float list.'.
'Test whether the points are equal.'.
'Return a git line with the given items.'.
'Formats a number as a float.'.
'Count the number of elements in the iterable.'.
'Run a runner on all nodes.
'Get the lines of a text.'.
'Determine if the point is added to the beginning of the path.'.
'Return the number of occurrences of a query in a database.
'Import rows from csv stream.'.
'Iterate over gpi11 fields in a file.'.
'Returns a generator of possible name fields for a given model.'.
'Splits a list of counts into buckets, fill_levels and fill_levels
'list-available - list available commands'.
'Return a list of labels matching the given query DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'yaml: run-param DCNL run_param DCNL run_param DCNL Run
'Get the vcpu pin set.'.
'Show an edit snippet.'.
'Update orm_worker for cleanup.'.
'Convert a version string to a list of integers.'.
'Find the rescue device for the given instance.'.
'Returns a set of all installed apps.'.
'Removes NaN values from a series.'.
'Return True if schedule is enabled, False otherwise'.
'Show all interfaces on the device.
'Return information about a device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given path is a file.'.
'Plot a legend.'.
'Set the integer setting to a string.'.
'Load a git repository.'.
'Print the application alias.'.
'Converts a failure dictionary into a Failure object.
'Calculate the checksum of an IP address.
'Create a new memoryview with the given size.'.
'Generate a go test for the given source and environment.'.
'Simplifies the variable coeff of a function.
'Return the host to use for the lease.'.
'Reset a git repository.'.
'Computes the contrastive loss.
'Return the username and key for the saucelabs user.'.
'Initialize the formula file'.
'Return the self-href from the response.'.
'Returns a tuple (match1, match2) for the given filename and matchers.
'Return a URL with the given prefix replaced with the given prefix.'.
'Handles the value of a variable.'.
'Return an organization object based on the organization attributes'.
'Enable or disable remote login DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the username and password match the hash of the user.
'Returns the number of unused LUNs for the given mappings.'.
'Run yuicompressor on a file.'.
'Return the results of a woeid search.'.
'Context manager that returns a secret model.'.
'expression : expression'.
'Copy a template to the copy_to directory.'.
'Returns True if the field is in the graph.'.
'If the given future has been completed, log the exception.'.
'Return a set of keyword arguments for a given class.
'START TDF Section 9.1.12'.
'Test the fitness of a given genome.'.
'Return the registry object.'.
'Computes the logarithm of a copula-bv transform.
'Ensure that all of the given modules are preloaded.
'Translate a formula into a string.'.
'Enable Celery logging.'.
'Returns True if the given course is a small course.'.
'Show group package information.'.
'Import all modules.'.
'Dumps the schema of the server.'.
'Get the path to a file in a version.'.
'Returns the public key for a subject public key.
'Convert a list of lists to a numpy array.
'Set the value of a key in the config.
'Redirect to the default view'.
'Returns a list of subplotspecs from a list of axes.
'Attach an epics field to each object of the queryset.
'Sync the command with the given arguments and log the output.'.
'Encodes an integer into a byte array.
'Converts a string to a boolean.
'Return the name of the given principal.
'Test main function'.
'Return a description of a list of arguments that can be parsed. DCNL Args: DC
'Importsecedit config'.
'Set the attributes of a queue DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the date for a node.'.
'Get the path to the Fundamentals file.'.
'Delete a virtual DCNL hostname DCNL The hostname of the virtual machine DCNL username DC
'Render a field and label.
'Shuffles an array to a random order.
'test_del_in_generator'.
'Clear the cache.'.
'Apply a change to the current locale.
'Splits a null string into a list of strings.
'Execute a command and return the output.'.
'Get the run tree.'.
'Converts an integer to a positive integer.
'Return the bytes from the input.'.
'Test jsonreport output with no steps'.
'Get metrics from buddyinfo file'.
'Mangle a mako loop.'.
'Build the expected frequency matrix for the given exp_freq_table.'.
'Resolves the content of a document to a TOCTree.
'Return the project\'s data directory.'.
'Return True if the setup wizard panes are visible in the shop.'.
'Raise an error. DCNL name DCNL The name of the error. DCNL
'Return the hadamard product of a list of matrices.
'Wait for a file to be written.
'Update a comment.'.
'Generates the response headers from the given info.'.
'Rsync an IPv6 address.'.
'Convert a workflow to a list of nodes.
'Start a container DCNL ctid_or_name DCNL The name of the container
'Lookup an instance by name_label.
'Find the tcl_tk_dir and tk_version.'.
'Setup the Limitlessled bridge platform.'.
'Parses a row into a list of (value, parser) pairs.
'Get disk stats for a folder'.
'Determine if a filter should be excluded from a bracket.'.
'pull robot'.
'Returns a row of data for a user DCNL Parameters DCNL fid : string DCNL
'Convert an element to a BSON document.'.
'Test writing comments.'.
'Converts an ImageServiceError protobuf to an ImagesError object.
'Decorator to mark a class as abstract.'.
'Make or verify a directory in the core directory.
'Get precision.'.
'Remove empty lines from text.'.
'Delete the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Update a channel.'.
'Decodes an image from a set of rings.
'Return the value of a key in the configuration.'.
'Get the namespaces for the given apiserver_url and name.'.
'Get a window analyze file given a gcode file.'.
'Checks that a reference is valid.
'Create a subtemplate element for links.'.
'Put a policy for a user.
'Ipyfunc2 decorator'.
'Get a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return the module name for the given filename.'.
'Return a dict of lines documented in a docstring.
'Test user columns flag'.
'Determine if the loop is inside the x segment.'.
'Fake get platform.'.
'Detach a device from a zpool DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the channel mask.'.
'Add the build directory to sys.path.'.
'Creates a storage container.
'Ensure that the format of the terminism is correct.'.
'List permissions for a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a random slice of a queryset.
'Create a new channel. DCNL Parameters DCNL ctype : ChannelType DCNL The
'Create a wx dialog with the given error message.'.
'Adds a path to the environment.
'Return the list of available plugins.'.
'Setup the GPS sensor.'.
'Remux audio.'.
'Sanitise a JSON error.
'Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression.'.
'Return a list of members of a team.
'Install a module.
'ContactField delete'.
'Remove version from href'.
'Unpacks the given code into a string.
'Test that fancyarrow_dpi_cor works with 100dpi'.
'linear_recurrence(n:(a, b) -> (b, a
'Test csp pipeline'.
'Return True if a and b are within rel_tol.
'Get a list of items from a file.
'Update supported locales. DCNL :param ids: list of locales to update.'.
'Returns a list of cap alert addresses options'.
'Quit the main window.'.
'Interpolate a string into a cache slug.'.
'Test get_repr.'.
'Return the name of the file at the given path.'.
'Index receivables page'.
'Check for imports on separate lines.'.
'Get the versioneer configuration.'.
'Pause all containers in a project.
'Runs vulture filtering on a list of files.
'Determine the image type for the given image metadata.
'Get a relationship.'.
'Returns the link to the document.'.
'Return the output filename for the given split name.'.
'Inserts the given SQLAlchemy model into the database.
'Redirect to the default view'.
'Run the load-avg command in a separate thread.'.
'*musicpd.org, tracklist section:* DCNL ``repeat '' ''
'Return the relative path from a_path to reference_path.
'Returns the distance between a point and a point in the triangle.'.
'Remove all the tarballs from the given location.'.
'Update translations catalogs'.
'Extract the sign, intpart, fraction, expo from a string.'.
'Refresh the brew database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the precession matrix of the year between two epochs.
'Calculates the ppoly coefficients with the given breaks and fills the DCNL
'Test double close'.
'Returns the name of the stored primary server.'.
'Puts the given data to the given API key.
'Create a course grader from a dictionary.
'Install yum'.
'Log a message with severity \'ERROR\', with severity \'ERROR\'.'.
'This callback is called when the marathon configuration is loaded.'.
'Set the icon for the given filepath.'.
'Fixture that redirects webengine data to data_tmpdir.'.
'split(what) -> list DCNL Splits a string into a list of strings,
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a list of all datastore entities'.
'Return a list of test hooks for the given test files.'.
'Lookup a ssh host configuration.'.
'Return the snippet sequence for the given test name.'.
'Checks if a and b are numeric.
'Returns a dictionary of (request.args, request.args) for each argument in the
'Setup bench backups.'.
'Creates a new admin user.'.
'Test step has repr'.
'Iterate over items in a multi-dict or multi-dict mapping.'.
'Test the cx_oracle environment'.
'Setup and dispatch the email manager.'.
'Return a list of tables that can be loaded from the database.'.
'Set media player title. DCNL.
'Removes the profile from the site'.
'Checks that arg is greater than or equal to ctype.
'Decode a dictionary from a stream.'.
'Parse the output of OpenSSH.
'Create a file digest for the given file object.'.
'Print a dictionary of attributes.
'Displays the learner profile.'.
'Return a list of Question objects that have no replies.'.
'Google search query'.
'Handles the request and response.'.
'Returns True if the current thread is running in a different flavour.'.
'Deserialize a stream or string into an iterable of objects.
'Test the dimensionality of the x object'.
'Get all volume types for a group.'.
'Compute fitness for a given genome.'.
'Open cover. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Open cover.
'Reset the API key.'.
'Register language support with the Manager.'.
'Gallery view'.
'FDR correction. DCNL Parameters DCNL pvals : array DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return True if gpg is installed'.
'Return details for a given fort.'.
'Bottomskein a text.'.
'Downloads a dailymotion file from a URL.
'Return True if the string contains surrogates.'.
'Convert coredump output to a dictionary'.
'API: accepts name, output, cat, xcat, nzbname'.
'Return (system, release, version) tuple'.
'Test converting spherical coordinates to cartesian coordinates'.
'Split a mime-type string into main and sub-types.
'Returns a dict of environment proxies for the given URL.
'Beacon all messages. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if user has access to the given course key.
'Fixture to create a Python script.'.
'Disable a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the MAC address of an interface.'.
'Shows the migrations for each app in apps.'.
'Creates a site link feed item for the given feed item.'.
'Get os_release_attr DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove the destination directory with the given name'.
'Returns True if color is a foreground light.'.
'Return a dict of user information from yubico'.
'Set or unset a keypair in a monitor type.'.
'Get the channel index for a channel.'.
'Get evokeds.'.
'Run all the files in the database.'.
'Deserializes a usage key string into a UsageKey object.
'Return a list of queries for all plugins'.
'Delete user groups.'.
'Set a key in a collection DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the script prefix.'.
'Create a new version info object.'.
'Return a list of configuration options.'.
'Generate a list of projects from a config file.'.
'Adds resources to dstpath using the given dictionary DCNL Args: DCNL dstpath
'Test writing to a fixed width file'.
'Return a list of identity nodes in the graph.
'Initialize a collection of objects.'.
'Ensure that the named package is removed DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Suspends the system on the Linux machine.'.
'Returns a URL string for a list of block types.
'Return the logfactorial of x.'.
'Attempt to guess the scheme of a URL.
'Return True if the given path needs to be distinct.'.
'Return a list of all child processes.
'Return a list of matches for the given package names.
'Leave a group with the given avatar.'.
'Test division by string'.
'Takes a matplotlib axes and returns a new one.'.
'wrapper(func, *args, **kwargs) -> wrapper'.
'Return a JSON representation of the uploaded files.'.
'Return the last element in the list, or None if there is no DCNL data in
'Make sample data'.
'Unlock an account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Unvote a thread.'.
'Import a document from the database DCNL :param d: The document to import DCNL
'Returns True if the packet is ok.'.
'Launch an application file.'.
'Hash a plaintext password. DCNL :param plaintext_password: The plaintext password to hash
'Populate the project info dictionary.'.
'Generate an access token.'.
'Return the output of a vtk object.'.
'Cache the children of a queryset.'.
'Get the logo option. DCNL.
'List scheduled requests.'.
'Test permutation_t_test.'.
'Activate a user\'s account.'.
'Parse a single rule. DCNL :param rule: The rule to parse DCNL :
'Deprecated. DCNL Returns a Distribution object. DCNL Args: DCNL distname:
'Test idempotent cleaning'.
'Computes the squared error of the given alpha, beta and x, y.'.
'Return the absolute path to a config file.'.
'Return a URL that is not prefixed.'.
'Delete a virtual interface.'.
'Build a list of parameters from tags dictionary.'.
'Converts a PEM certificate to DER-encoded DER-encoded DER-encoded DER-
'Set the locale for the given category.
'Add a module to the cache.'.
'An error handler for the task.'.
'Format an element. DCNL Parameters DCNL etype : str DCNL The element type
'Use the wx accelerator.'.
'Create a new DERSet of the given objects.
'Ping a connection with a pong event.'.
'Generates a random secret for the given number of bytes.
'Determine the sign of a constant.
'Clean up the database content.'.
'Get the CSS dependencies for a given group.'.
'Diff two dictionaries, returning a new dict with the keys that differ from the original DCNL
'Test that is_flat() works as expected'.
'Compute the MACD extension of a dataset.
'Cleans orphan object permissions.'.
'join(seq) -> str DCNL Joins a sequence of unicode strings into a single
'Reboot the specified domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure that the test app can be deployed in a docker container.'.
'Computes the P from the Fundamental coefficients of ``f``.
'apply_with_return_error(args) -> error'.
'Rjust(s, width) -> string DCNL Return a truncated version of the string
'Generate metrics substitutions.'.
'Validate node_dict in JSON format.'.
'Asserts that the command output contains the given text.'.
'Removes the test module from the test directory.'.
'Adds the language dictionary to the code.'.
'Make setuptools.setup DCNL :param args: DCNL :return: DCNL :
'Push a status item to the data dictionary.'.
'Language.is_english_by_default'.
'Test a random tree.'.
'Convert a dictionary of master_settings to a dictionary of key=value pairs.'.
'Run test makereport.'.
'Write the cleaveg code to a file.'.
'Returns a dict of all available messages.'.
'Unlock a desktop DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Start a threaded server.'.
'Add a tenant to the flavor access list.'.
'Get the list of timezone names for the registry.'.
'Embed an album.'.
'Return the right-d threshold sequence.
'Convert a date string to a date object.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL List all available packages DCNL
'Displays a deprecation warning.
'Shift a path from the beginning to the end of the script.'.
'Find a pattern in a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a grant. DCNL :param grant: The grant name DCNL :param database
'Computes the variance of the model.'.
'Get the next device name from the list of device names.
'Test mininet cluster.'.
'Given a format, return a tuple of (file_fmt, dtype, file_out
'Delete a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validate optdict for a named option.'.
'Convert a geom to an integer.'.
'Converts a message to a pretty-printed string.
'Find the top of the autotest tree.'.
'Convert a legacy test flags string to a FSOptions object.'.
'Return the directory where feeds are located.'.
'Makes the packageng aware directory for the given jname'.
'Return the memcache key for a collection.'.
'Exits the program if it\'s running on the console.'.
'Save predictions to a file.'.
'Returns a string representation of a datetime object.
'Returns the number item of a number.'.
'Get the kerberos principal for a given hostname or IP.
'Returns the module for the given app label.'.
'Get the Windows directory for the current platform.'.
'Generate a course key.'.
'Returns the download url for a given platform.
'Show details about an instance DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure that the parameter operators are correct.'.
'Fixture that returns a list of types.'.
'Checks if a collection exists.
'Test plotting scores.'.
'Quotes an etag. DCNL.
'Split a list of fitnesses into a list of (best_a,best_b
'Test that CSV ecsv colnames are mismatch.'.
'Return the bbox header and rotated header.'.
'Apply an optimizer to a and b.'.
'Load a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test adding contacts to database'.
'Get SAML provider by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Write backreferences to file.'.
'Checks for closed and closed issues.
'Returns an image with a constant value.'.
'Select a file descriptor from a list of file descriptors.
'Debug management page'.
'Call xonsh.help DCNL Args: DCNL x: string DCNL x
'Ensure that a VDI is introduced.
'Raise an exception with the given message.'.
'Convert a castra object to a Dask object.'.
'Determine if a scalar nonsparse matrix is valid.'.
'Extract messages from a list of objects.
'Ensure that the named service is disabled DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Recursive function to flatten a list into a given dtype.'.
'Get the public key.'.
'Return a list of profile names for the install server.'.
'Return the absolute path to the file with the given name.'.
'Manage all the binaries.'.
'Creates a new multiple choice XML question.'.
'Returns the asset url for the given asset path.
'Return True if conversion is installed.'.
'Release title descriptions. DCNL.
'Squeeze the output into a single dimension.'.
'A context manager that pins the current thread to the master.'.
'Returns a tuple of the keys of the given record with the given composite key.'.
'Get all group snapshots belonging to a project.'.
'Convert a command to a list of unicode strings.
'Mark the program as bootstrapped.'.
'Marks all objects in a sequence as safe.'.
'Returns the w3af version as a dict'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Load the parser result store.'.
'Returns the number of groups that match the filter.'.
'Create a translation unit from a source file.'.
'Return a consistencygroup WHERE source_cg_id and cgsnapshot_id are
'Determine if the begin and center are inline.'.
'Check if a file is newer than another.'.
'Convert a list of tuples into a string.
'Resync webhook for project.'.
'Return the length of a convolutional input.'.
'Get the transparenttorification object.'.
'Finds the names in the given code. DCNL :param code: The code to
'Cancel a draft'.
'Setup the MQTT rooms sensor.'.
'Lift a function into a list of loops.
'MODIFY REJECT Section 9.1.17'.
'Return a sorted list of the keys in the given string'.
'Main entry point for the unit address book script.'.
'Return True if we\'re running from reloader.'.
'Check the spelling of an enchant.'.
'Delete a stack DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates an empty model with the given type and dtype, and fills it with DC
'Decrypt a cypher with a key.'.
'Module entry point'.
'Get a list of users from the EmailMarketProvider API.'.
'Validate a resource.'.
'Checks to see if the user can complete the enrollment.'.
'Decomposes a kernel into is_full, is_full, patch_templates,
'Check that all components are of the same kind.'.
'Returns True if the given value is not null.'.
'Reads a vCard from a string.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'datareg d4 bit'.
'Test arg_split.'.
'Returns a slice of the value with the given arg.'.
'Delete a network interface.
'Pretty prints the given value.'.
'Check if a process is running.
'Returns a list of users.'.
'Destroy a node DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a summary of a collection.'.
'Please confirm all alerts'.
'Converts an integer to an ordinal string.
'Update a quota usage resource.'.
'Returns the current language bidi template tag.'.
'Create a document editor group.'.
'Ensure that the input space is discarded correctly.'.
'Multiply two matrices. DCNL Parameters DCNL v : vector DCNL v : vector DC
'Takes a string or a string and returns the string representation of that string DCNL
'Change the MAC address of the old mac'.
'quote(s) -> string DCNL Return a quoted version of a string'.
'Return the latest version of an episode.'.
'Return a tuple of (object_type, privileges, privileges).'.
'Compile a CPython source.
'Validate the amount of idle time to sleep for a given amount of time.
'Test package back-patching'.
'Return a dictionary of configuration variables for the current process.
'Only load if salt is available'.
'Return the owner of the user with the given access key and secret key.
'Install the pyui module.
'Appends a slash to the end of the redirect.
'Find all modules in the given folder'.
'Clean up the given mode.'.
'Returns True if the given string is a shorthand IP address.'.
'Return the VM\'s image.
'Return the normalized source path.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Creates the VMDK attach config spec.'.
'Helper function to reset the parameters of the syslog config DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Read a record from a file.'.
'Return a JS alert message.'.
'Returns the size of a file.
'Create a new cache limit.'.
'Return the maximum value of a number between low and high.
'Get the profile image storage class.'.
'Get the hash of a file.
'Update the source and context index of a unit.'.
'Deactivate one or more packages.
'Example of Empirical clustering.'.
'Upgrade the salt environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a value from a request.
'Update supported locales for a single app.'.
'Converts an asyncio.Future to a Tornado future.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Removes the Null logging handler from the root logger.
'Create an XMLInputSource object from the given source object.
'Normalizes the input matrix so that it can be used to compute DCNL the scale
'zero_div(x) -> int_div(x, y) DCNL Zero
'poweron the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert backup config to JSON.'.
'Get a list of all files in the merged store.'.
'Return the uid for the given user.
'harvest uses test runner'.
'Test prompt_and_delete_repo with repo directory'.
'Test unlink identity requests.'.
'Return a locale URL for the given URL.'.
'Build a websocket upgrade request.'.
'Return the user\'s UID'.
'Parse a file and return a list of lines'.
'Creates an int64 feature.
'Ensure thatcons_list is a list'.
'Get the description of a track. DCNL.
'Create a file with the given filename and encoding.'.
'Test importing vispy modules'.
'Return a redis error class for the given exceptions.'.
'Get one model info.'.
'Get the mask for a list of sequences.'.
'Sums a list of shape tuples and returns a tuple of (rows,cols)
'Join a list of parts into a path. DCNL.
'Split a list of objects into tuples of (t, f) pairs.
'Test that sys.stdin and sys.stderr are set to stdout.'.
'Test isfile validation.'.
'Categorical logPMF(x, logits) DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'Sends a message to skype and returns the stdout.'.
'Convert a Python expression to a string.
'Return a URL with the given parameters.'.
'Normalizes a locale name.
'Splits a list into a list of integers.
'Create a temporary style file with the given name and settings.
'Convert a vni to a binary type.'.
'View the robots page.'.
'Return the value of a metric'.
'Create a quick kban board document.'.
'List all available repositories DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the http headers'.
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type.
'Make sure the form is valid'.
'Bootstrap a resolver. DCNL :param resolver: The resolver to bootstrap. DCNL :
'Decodes feedback from a list of binary tuples.
'Return a list of all the keypairs in the cloud provider'.
'Return a tuple of (pos, str) tuples. DCNL :param logical_
'Puts an item into a cache entry.
'Yields all diffsets that have comments for the given review.'.
'Create a DER-encoded DER-encoded DER-encoded DER-encoded DER-encoded DER
'Renders the given text with HTML conditional escapes.'.
'Extract the constant value from a scalar variable or shared variable.
'Remove a post hook.'.
'View a storage account container.'.
'Returns a tuple (status_code, urls_list) for the current process.'.
'Render a price property.'.
'Test make_sphere_model.'.
'Get image volume cache by volume id.'.
'Get a security group.'.
'Returns the auth name.'.
'Create the test cache folder if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Uninstall flocker from a list of nodes.
'Adds all sync methods to a class.'.
'Return a color in equal space.
'Only load the module if pypi is installed'.
'Render the power of a list of nodes.
'Return a list of all files in the site\'s directory DCNL :param site:
'Get the profile name.'.
'Returns a stream of URLs that can be used to connect to the DCNL user.
'Restart a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert a list of indices to a CSV string.'.
'Delete a VM from a file.
'Prints a number of bytes as a human-readable string.
'Refresh the database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'See :meth:`update_last_login`.'.
'Return a prefixed version of a pattern.
'Test that no srcdir is specified'.
'*musicpd.org, playback section:* DCNL ``seekcur``
'Return a string representation of the current profile settings.'.
'Print a list of strings.
'Create an xml test runner.'.
'JSON-encode an object.
'Returns the number of elements in a list of n elements'.
'Execute a command and return the result.'.
'Create a new thread and start it if it doesn\'t exist yet.'.
'Get the serial number of the zone.
'Creates a new instance of c_instance.
'Returns a list of threads'.
'Ensure that all targets have the same dependencies.
'Get the style value.'.
'Generate random usernames.'.
'Linear Moving Average'.
'Clear a volume. DCNL :param path: Path to the volume DCNL :param
'Test the creation of an integer.'.
'Return the platform string for the current platform.
'Update the conn_info dictionary for the given connector.'.
'Test that arg_of_sigmoid works'.
'Make a TOTP object.'.
'Encodes a value as a JSON string.'.
'oned_norm(a) -> None'.
'Unpack a source string into a JSEval object.
'Return True if line ends with CR.'.
'List all services.'.
'Check if an address is a valid CIDR address.
'Load the contents of a pickle file.
'Get the module name of a module.'.
'Destroy a block device mapping.'.
'Get the perfdata for a counter. DCNL.
'Return a list of all certificates in the specified certificate store.
'Return a failure code string.'.
'Return the auth url'.
'Return the last item in a, or None if a is not a string.'.
'split_addr(addr, encoding) -> (localpart, domain) DCNL Split
'Converts a value to a native Python value.
'Returns the user with the given username.'.
'Uploads the previous version of a document to a local file DCNL :param ver:
'Returns True if x is an even number'.
'Format a job instance as a JSON dict.'.
'Get the arounds from a path.'.
'Computes the Lrap statistic for each label in y_true DCNL y_score
'Returns the moto version.'.
'Create a new RST description file and write it to disk.'.
'Handles a file upload.'.
'Injects field overrides into the block.'.
'Checks that the entries and expected fields are identical.
'Get all reservations belonging to a project.'.
'Iterate over all test targets in the given path.
'Returns the string representation of the given text.'.
'Returns the minus sign symbol for the locale.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the current configuration is the same as the current DCNL
'View PUT'.
'Renders the template for the editable view'.
'Return a human-readable version of the given name.
'Return a list of (keystring, nk, nb, nr) tuples of
'Return True if line is a part of multiline.'.
'Unpack an ASF image from a byte string.'.
'Create a string representation of the Nnzb file.'.
'Set the signal handlers.'.
'Executes an asynchronous PUT operation on multiple entities.
'Sends a breadcrumb to all active contexts.
'Plots the figure using matplotlib.'.
'Return the age of the log buffer.'.
'Write the given content to a file if it has changed.'.
'Generate constants file.'.
'Create a directory with parent directories.'.
'Get media tracks. DCNL.
'Get the evaluated string.'.
'Return the IP address of an interface.'.
'Split a LaTeX string into multiple LaTeX strings.
'Save the current session.'.
'Try to import a module from the given path.
'Return the current journal.'.
'Rename a file or directory, if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Returns True if the current time is in the grace period.'.
'Fix up enum names in an object.'.
'Iterate over expr and call func on each arg in expr.'.
'Load a command class by name.'.
'Post a message to mattermost.
'Convert a color to a QColor object.
'Print a list of T411 categories.'.
'Return the version of a dataset.'.
'Return a default ret'.
'Escapes a byte string.
'Given a list of option names, return the first value in the list.'.
'Authenticate with wns.'.
'Fixture to create a header checker.'.
'Returns True if matrix0 and matrix1 are equal to matrix1.
'Test reading a tab.'.
'django-specifying scenarios to run'.
'Validate the bufsize arguments.'.
'Makes a default signal map for use in a signal.'.
'Returns a slice of the time series between tmin and tmax.
'Get the best match for a given path.'.
'Get media list event manager. DCNL.
'Return an itemgetter for a tuple of tuples.'.
'Returns a tuple of (local_rvs, observed_rvs, total_size
'Convert a time to a datetime.datetime.
'Return a list of plugins for a package.'.
'Given a list of numpy arrays, return a set of dtype kinds.'.
'Send a command to the given console and wait for it to finish.'.
'Update the translations for a plugin.'.
'Add configuration to msvs.'.
'Return the mean of each class in x and y.'.
'Returns True if the user has permission to access the given rule.'.
'Only load if boto libraries exist'.
'Release the lock'.
'Create an IKEPolicy.
'Test arguments for point2d.'.
'Print one training vector.'.
'Return a dictionary of interpretations for each step in matches.'.
'Reloads the django url configuration.'.
'Run a shell command on the given job.'.
'Returns a dictionary of all indexes for a given table.'.
'Create a new translation file.'.
'Return a list of MAC addresses for a domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type.
'Create a client to connect to cloud networks.
'Return a list of (name, args, type) tuples from the given code.'
'Return a list of metrics'.
'Adds an error message if debug option is enabled.'.
'Compute the correlation between two DataFrames. DCNL Args: DCNL frame1 (dict
'Returns True if the line is an outofline method definition.'.
'Generates the noise and zf for the given parameters.'.
'Format stack outputs. DCNL :param outputs: DCNL :param resolve_value:
'Convert a string to a (row, col) tuple.'.
'Test multiple inheritance'.
'Write head position to file.'.
'Returns the latest available records for a given layout.'.
'Return the paste_deploy flavor.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Return the number of episodes that were identified by the given series.'.
'Returns the comment form target.'.
'Shared login method. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :type request:
'Returns an action form class for the given choices.'.
'Convert inverse operator to info dictionary.'.
'Return (pos, str) if there is a key in the line.'.
'Make query based on meter filter.'.
'Returns a random job prefix.'.
'About page'.
'Handler for the videos view.'.
'Get the contents of a file.
'Given a certificate and a hostname, return a list of DNS names matching the DCNL certificate
'Renders a list of site maps.'.
'Create a model from the viewer configuration.'.
'Get proxies from environment variables'.
'Get the most recent incomplete item for a user.'.
'Test the precision of a plaintext formatter.'.
'Komodo'.
'Return True if dirname exists in dirname, False otherwise.'.
'Only load if memcache is installed'.
'Pause the animation.'.
'Receive SMS'.
'Migrate node facts DCNL :param facts: DCNL :param facts: DCNL :
'Remove a device from the system.
'Returns a generator of all the errant logs for the given root node.'.
'Open a file or directory. DCNL :param pathname: Pathname to the file to
'Return True if the class does have the given labels.
'Fix indentation in text.'.
'Render a genshi template string.
'Get the benchmark cluster.'.
'Return a dict of all contract creation exceptions.'.
'Ensure an option is present.
'Creates a variable with a weight decay.
'Sum the sum of the gradients of two arrays.'.
'Run all tests in __main__ if __main__'.
'Delete a comment.'.
'Return a list of absolute paths.
'Test color normalization.'.
'Return the md5sum of a file.
'Return True if the string is printable.'.
'Check if user and group exist'.
'If the given link is a social link, return it.'.
'Revert a document to a revision.'.
'Wait for a winrm session to be available.
'Update the tim\'s text.'.
'Checks the dynamic flow information for the given flow.
'Open a web browser page at the given path.'.
'API: accepts output, value'.
'Return a context dict for a sample.'.
'Renders the navigation bar hooks.'.
'Return True if the given domain is valid.'.
'Get response for when transport=cli.
'ContactType delete'.
'Returns a set of permissions that are missing for the given user.
'Sends an email using the given template.
'List all available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Find the first node in a list of nodes.
'Return a new instance with the given class name and namespace.
'Freeze login details. DCNL :param mc_kwargs: DCNL :param mc_
'impl of edmonds_karp_impl.'.
'Returns True if the request is a JSON-compatible type.'.
'Ensure that daophot types are correct.'.
'Set the xml element to the start and end coordinates.'.
'Sends an email to a list of recipients.
'Returns a list of unique elements of a sequence.'.
'Returns the current time in the given format.
'Read the page header from the file object.'.
'Parse requirements from a file.
'Computes the HMAC-SHA256 signature for the given key and challenge.
'Get the normal vector3 from a path.'.
'Normalize a timestamp. DCNL :param timestamp: The timestamp to normalize DCNL :
'Get all volume types belonging to a group.'.
'Return the name of the write index for the given group.'.
'Set the cache directory.'.
'Check if a path is a file.
'Submits a task to bulk course email.'.
'Return the norm of a angle in degrees.
'Get the size of a backend.'.
'Write a string to a file object using the default encoding.'.
'API: accepts output, vote_up, vote_down, vote_up, vote
'Reload the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test register_filter'.
'Convert a domain name to an IP address.
'Creates an ones_like tensor of the same shape as x.
'Check if there are no vi headers.'.
'Dedent the given lines.'.
'Returns a random string of the given length.
'Breaks down a cookie.'.
'Return the indent of a line.'.
'Obv(s1, volumeds1, volumeds2) -> None
'Return a dict of all the load balancers'.
'Check the integrity of the database'.
'Removes quotes from the newsgroup text.'.
'Convert a tuple of RGB values to HSV values.'.
'Get the version of the Rtl library.
'Convert a string to a numpy array'.
'sample roidb to num_classes DCNL Args: DCNL roidb:
'Create a PdcContainer from the given POST data.
'Make a module name for a package or a module.
'Ensure that the named logical volume is absent DCNL name DCNL The logical volume
'Checkout cancel page'.
'Deprecated. DCNL Startkeeping errors.'.
'Parse a file and return an iterator over the records.'.
'Return True if Python 2 and 3 are supported'.
'Return the MD5 hash of a file.
'Check if an entry is a valid hidden service address.'.
'Returns the twitter notification service.'.
'Runs the given scripts with the given data_dir and tests. DCNL :param
'Get the metadata for an instance.'.
'Try to refer to the given pattern.
'Get a file or text from a file or text.'.
'Disable the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get stroke radius by prefix.'.
'SYSTEM INFORMATION TYPE 8 Section 9.1.16'.
'Suggests the semantic version of the given string.
'Returns a list of parameter tuples from a list of layers.
'Reverse version comparison between two packages'.
'Create a new Agent.'.
'Returns a slice of the iterable with the most recent count items.'.
'split(path, result = None) -> list DCNL Split a path into a list
'Test that randomize_corrmat works correctly'.
'Raises an error if the given reserved property name is not a reserved word.
'Save the certificate to disk DCNL name DCNL Name of the certificate to save DCNL
'Similar to squeeze_x2x2(input_).'.
'Read data from a 64-bit string end archive.'.
'Create a toplevel widget.'.
'Save all the repository dialogs.'.
'Create a new console.'.
'Check that all files in f exist in f'.
'Return the smallest integer less than or equal to x.'.
'Wait for a job to finish.'.
'Get content view'.
'Return the filename of the configuration H file.'.
'Add a like to an object.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__'.
'Load a single cron file.
'Setup SSL options.'.
'Update an object DCNL :param fid: The object to update DCNL :param body
'Test the api1 module.'.
'Return ``True`` if ``f`` is within ``ground_p``
'List all launch configurations.
'Return the current zone.
'Returns a copy of the given form with the given attributes converted to a dictionary.'.
'Check if a field is conservative.'.
'Match mkfs option.'.
'Home the contributors for a product.'.
'Return the unique identifier for the given key.'.
'Generate a random genome.'.
'Return the path to the profiler log file.'.
'Upload a file to S3 using S3 Transfer.'.
'Only load if ssh is installed'.
'Return the antidivisor count of a number.
'Main entry point for the oauth2webserver flow.'.
'Makes a uniform PMF.'.
'Update the DNS records for an ELB'.
'Convert a plural rule to a gettext string.'.
'Setup the Home Assistant module.'.
'Build a cyclic network.'.
'Return True if the string s contains metastrings.'.
'Set the default locale to use DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of pg-ls clusters DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the file path for the given job.'.
'Return a pipe with non-blocking mode.'.
'Creates fast start scripts.'.
'listen(description, factory) DCNL Example: DCNL.
'Converts a datetime to a UTC datetime.
'Wait for a quorum to complete.
'Try to decode a byte string.
'Set an object in memcached.'.
'Normalizes the given text into a string.'.
'Return the base signup form class.'.
'Select a route from the current thread. DCNL Parameters DCNL env : dict DCNL
'Restart the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the base path for the given URL.
'Append a host to the end of the list.'.
'Get a task flow.'.
'Parses a Jinja template and renders it with the given parameters.
'Return True if the console window is attached.'.
'Return the default namespace.'.
'Wollist a list of MAC addresses DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of lowstate chunks for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a node by its id.
'Create a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return True if the repo has conflicts.'.
'Checks if an attribute is present in a label.'.
'Ensure that the named service is promoted DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Compute idzr_aid(m, n, k) for a given matrix.
'Return True if the element is bound to the context.'.
'Returns a response object that will be used to render a template.
'Bump cache for product'.
'Create a mock key provider for the given list of keys.'.
'Map a list of library dataset associations to a dictionary.'.
'Return the systemd version.'.
'Copy lines from a file to a journal.
'Run the test suite'.
'Log a warning when there is a missing microversion header.'.
'calc(name, num, minimum=num, maximum=num, ref=None)
'Convert a raster file to a polygon.'.
'Get fixed IPs by network uuid and host.'.
'Parse a string into an XMLPropertyList object.'.
'Set up the roles for the given class and methods.'.
'Decode a base64-encoded string.
'Sigma estimation'.
'Consume a queue until it is empty.'.
'Return the length of an iterable.
'Read a header from a file.
'Create a versioned base class for the given plugin and version.
'Returns the geonode version as a string.'.
'Test stratified validation k-fold.'.
'Saves a file to disk DCNL :param uploaded: The file to save DCNL
'Returns a list of most recent messages for a given exp.'.
'Return the mapper for the given entity.'.
'Returns a human-readable version of a file size.
'Return the clipboard data.'.
'Sort the allowed list by protocol.'.
'Returns the name of the current resource.'.
'Create a list of subtasks.
'Check if a flag is allowed to accept keywords.'.
'Ensures that the given HTML block is invalid.'.
'Parses a timestamp into a datetime object.
'Convert text to a dictionary'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Get a blob from the storage
'Parse a quoted string.'.
'Signal handler for item deletion.'.
'Destroy a device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the domain name of the computer DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the softmax of the matrix mat.
'Delete the named sysv service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the sentiment of a document.'.
'Return the status of a MySQL server.
'varma(x, b, c) -> (xhat, e) DCNL
'Return a sample of the memory in memory.'.
'Apply a function with a random selector.
'Get the hash processor for the given kex algorithm.'.
'Return the default feedback url.'.
'Return True if the want matches the got, False otherwise.'.
'Return the local resource URL for the given block and uri.'.
'Generates the HTML report for the given results directory.'.
'Remove a brctl from a Linux bridge DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a formatted WWN string.'.
'Return a string representation of the given binary data.'.
'Write the contents of a file to a file.
'Return the number of traces in x.'.
'Find the file metadata for the given path in the given metadata.
'Return pyzmq version information.'.
'Cleans the given dictionary of headers. DCNL Parameters DCNL headers : dict DCNL
'Checks if the result of a function returns the last argument in the DCNL cargs
'Raises a HTTP redirect to the given URL.
'Cleans the name of a string. DCNL.
'Build pillar data.'.
'Prints a tensor.
'Find an unused port'.
'Return the content of the view with the given file name.'.
'Return a dictionary of entry dictionaries for each group in groups.
'Register a new fczm driver class.'.
'Ensure that the default security group is present.'.
'Set file descriptor as non-blocking.'.
'Checks if a product can be used in cache.'.
'Clear the rcparams and update the default values.'.
'Test correctness of parameters'.
'Get whether or not the xml element should be reversed.'.
'Decorator to mark a method as a UID.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escapes a unicode string.
'Test that a completion item has no model.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Return the signature of the given signature_data.
'Return the system path for the given dev.'.
'Return an api server.'.
'Makes an environment key for the given application.
'Return True if all experiments are enabled for the course.'.
'Wait for an IO to be read.
'Update a file'.
'Write named matrix to file.'.
'unary_expression : unary_expression'.
'Initialize the command-line interface.'.
'Converts a string value to a string value.
'Test runner'.
'Given a usage key string, return a UsageKey object with the course_key DCNL
'Get the texlive file path for a variable.
'Test that replay.load raises if the key is missing in context.'.
'Location delete'.
'Enable a server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a template from a file.
'Find the set of required characters in the given block range.
'Sends a published reply to the given user if it exists.'.
'Download the setuptools file for a given version.
'Return a dict of the configuration of the device DCNL Args: DCNL changes (dict
'Context manager that changes the current working directory to the given path.
'Get the rights for an activity.'.
'Return True if the expression is looking up'.
'Add sphere.'.
'Context manager to temporarily change the current user.'.
'Convert a minolta value to a float.'.
'Test copied yield'.
'Setup the plugin.'.
'Returns the latest version of a list of strings.
'Returns True if the given IP address is a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
'Return True if primed is available'.
'List all available extensions for a given API.'.
'Return the type of the given identifier.'.
'Get the current network bios node.'.
'Returns True if the given value is a valid extension type.
'Test module scope is updated on patch'.
'Test fit and sample routines with ratio'.
'mytakestep(x) -> array DCNL mytakestep(x) DCNL
'Parses a string into (i, j) and (i, j) tuples
'Return a form class for the given list of fields.'.
'Run the OSF tests.'.
'Get a credential by tenant_id and credential_name.'.
'Saves a list of states to the database.'.
'Set the hostname of the running host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Calculate the meta class for the given meta and bases.'.
'Print the contents of a file.'.
'Handles SIGUSR1 signal.'.
'Sends a JSON RPC request and returns the response.'.
'Raise an exception if the context is not authorized.'.
'Ensures that arr is a floating point number.
'Normalize the arguments of a sequence.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Return an SSLSocket object that can be used to connect to the given socket.
'Checks if youtube is available.
'Validate a cum_func with optional skipna argument.'.
'Compile a directory.'.
'Returns a list of integers from ``f`` and ``k``.
'Update jenkins job DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return theano norm of a vector w.'.
'Remove a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Terminate the scenario after the scenario is complete.'.
'Encode a hex string to a base32 string.'.
'Returns a message indicating whether the rating was successful.'.
'Remove special characters from a string.'.
'Get incoming rate.'.
'Send an event publish message.'.
'This function is called before a new template is created.'.
'Make a new directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Returns a list of simplified terms.
'Add a discussion to the page.'.
'Read motifs.'.
'Computes the inference function for the given network.
'Get the tridiagonal times of the other tricomplex.'.
'Test getting a filter.'.
'Write a dat file with no bookend'.
'Returns the admin URL name for a comment.
'Given a dict of keyword arguments, return the parent and node.
'my_watchlist'.
'Reset the worker optimizations to their original state.'.
'LZ4 encode old-kafka'.
'Return a dict of pillar data for a minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Creates a virtual environment.
'Get the config file.'.
'usage: lixian export-aria2'.
'Return the format object for the given format type.
'Auth with digest auth'.
'Check if a hook file is valid.'.
'Add a list of labels to a host.
'describe a change DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Output a string.'.
'Runs the given command line and returns the result.'.
'Return the identity of x.'.
'Calculate the zstat and pvalue for a given alternative.'.
'Get the current EGL error.'.
'Log an error message.'.
'Group members page'.
'Returns a list of (license_id, title) tuples for the given existing license
'Return True if debug is enabled.'.
'Return the initial form for a document.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return a list of all active jobs DC
'Get the flipped loop.'.
'Sort a list of markers by marker comparator.'.
'Return a list of all policy names for a group.
'Return the number of elements in a sequence.'.
'Return the VM boot configuration spec.'.
'Ensure that the given path is relative to the current working directory.
'Step.one_from_lines cannot start with multiline'.
'Open a Finder window.'.
'Call remotely connected to the given perspective.'.
'yaml: ssh'.
'Toggles the projection of the model'.
'Generates a signed JWT.
'Creates a new instance of _mismatch with the given parameters.
'Get normal weighted by begin and center.'.
'Return the name of the local zone.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Set the sebools of
'Show a suggestion.'.
'A wrapper around expose_api that exposes an anonymous API.'.
'Check for i18n errors'.
'Matches a form with a regular expression.'.
'Ensure that service owners are enabled DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Deletes the content of a namespace.'.
'Converts a string to a slug.'.
'Test join inplace'.
'Resource factory method'.
'Returns True if the value is safe for the given key.'.
'Run refresh repo.'.
'Set the audio channel. DCNL.
'Get stats from the cluster.'.
'Return a string containing the methods and attributes of an object.'.
'Fetch a key from the cachedir DCNL :param bank: The bank name DCNL
'Return a sorted list of pages to show.'.
'Checks the database for balances and tips.'.
'Download the setuptools package.
'Returns True if the given MAC address is valid.'.
'Given a container, return a dictionary of all possible folders DCNL :param list names:
'chop(seq, how_much) -> string DCNL Return a copy of
'Recover all the workers in the specified load balancer DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return ``f`` shifted by ``K[x]`` in ``K[
'Computes the nbsvm train and devx.'.
'Test that input estimator is unchanged'.
'Takes a selector, lines, less, less, and less, and adds
'The union of the payloads in the body of a payload.
'Account password page'.
'Returns True if any of the elements in sequence is True.'.
'Test importing vispy gloo modules'.
'Returns a generic formset factory for the given parameters.
'Convert a number of bytes to a long integer.
'Notify the user of a new string.'.
'Return a page message.'.
'Generate a list of anchors.
'Sends a call to the specified method.
'Return an environment object.'.
'Update an enrollment for a user.
'Install one or more packages.
'Run the task.'.
'Test virtualenv version.'.
'Process a dictionary of frequencies into a list of strings.'.
'Subscribes a creator to a user.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a dictionary of channel indices by channel type.'.
'Creates a room with the given x and y DCNL :param x: the x
'Check if a service is upstart or upstart.
'Shutdown a slug_candidate.'.
'Returns the name of a currency in the given locale.'.
'Return True if the xblock is a unit.'.
'Serialize a failure into a JSON string.'.
'Make a bad request. DCNL :param code: The HTTP status code of the request
'Sends an email to the registered user.'.
'Checks if a user exists in the server.'.
'Returns a copy of the ret dict with the current time'.
'initialise module'.
'Get the lower and upper bounds of a slice struct.'.
'Return infos from http-client-authorization header'.
'Creates an Exog from an array of arrays.
'Converts a password to a mysql-old password.
'Uninstalls the cache for the current session.
'Test that multiple reads can be read'.
'Add share_link for each document in doc_ids'.
'Convert an integer to a base36 string.'.
'Builds a list of criterion objects for the given campaign.
'Returns a list of valid locales.
'Test interpolation function'.
'Create a folder structure.
'Checks if the callback URL matches the bot\'s memory.
'Create a collection. DCNL :param path: The path to the collection. DCNL
'Returns a generator of (host, port, use_ssl) tuples.'.
'Main entry point for the fix script.'.
'Checks if user can view reports for given project.'.
'Convert an object to a list.'.
'Returns a new case-sensitive collator.'.
'Find an adapter by name.'.
'Iterate over all values in d that contain the given key.
'Delete a file. DCNL filename DCNL Name of the file to delete. DCNL
'Assert that a == b.
'Return a list of the quantiles of the data.
'Set the task\'s rate limit.'.
'Encode a file and write it to a file.
'Computes the iqr of an array.'.
'Creates a datetime.datetime with the specified timezone.
'Disable profiling.'.
'Returns created_by and modified_by fields for the current user.'.
'Safely decode the given text using the given encoding.
'Return the path to the executable'.
'Aux function for assess_multi_type_represent.'.
'Create a multi-indicator matrix.
'Return a dictionary of titles'.
'Return True if the user has the given permission, False otherwise.'.
'Pre-Execute hook.'.
'Translate an array by the given offset.'.
'Create a tenant. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Context manager that collects stats from a file.'.
'Deprecated. DCNL Show a baremetal node.'.
'Converts an object to a reference.
'massage a stats dict'.
'Converts a value to a base64 encoded string.
'Return a list of all gitignore templates.'.
'Return a list of disabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the HMAC-SHA1 hash for the given request_method, path, expires
'Read images from disk.'.
'Uninstall all packages from a list of packages.'.
'Decode a FVW byte string into (value, flags, consumed).'.
'Compare two sets of integers. DCNL Parameters DCNL ind1 : int DCNL
'Check if the username and password are valid.'.
'Get a security group.'.
'Test macro expansion with expressions.'.
'Get Works by IsW.'.
'Get the little endian unsigned long given file.'.
'Runs the given script_path with the given cwd.
'Compress a query report into a list of keys and values.
'Return the value of a property in the style map.'.
'Invert a tree. DCNL :param root: DCNL :param root: The
'Get the wrapped float.'.
'Wait for a file to be written.
'Return a list of all Kstone users DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the name of a signal.'.
'Rotate a gcode linear move text.'.
'Add a status to the data dictionary.'.
'Returns a tuple of (latitude, longitude) and (latitude, distance).'.
'Get the extension subtype class for the given type.'.
'Test Mangling Bang'.
'Return the global context for the given nav object.'.
'blink(clip, d_on, d_off) -> clip DCNL Return
'Send packets to a sndrcv socket.'.
'Check to see if an exception is caught in the monitor.'.
'Find the cover page in the container.'.
'Parses a marker and interprets it using evaluator.'.
'Get a cache subnet group.
'Parse a docstring into optmap'.
'The main function'.
'Test monitor get gamma and set grid'.
'Check the result of gl_read_pixels.'.
'Returns a generator of files that match the given datetime_to_re.'.
'Read a tell input.'.
'Return the root mean square error.'.
'Displays the current environment.'.
'Remove a boot volume from the server.'.
'*musicpd.org, revisions section:* DCNL ``posid`
'<text> -- Locate <text> in <text> DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return the network id for this VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Iterate over all integration targets.'.
'Convert a number to a binary string.'.
'Load the dev key from the config.'.
'Asserts that x follows unicode guidelines.'.
'Yield successive rslices of length n.
'Check if a line is a junk line.'.
'Resizes a video. DCNL :param src: The file to resize DCNL :
'Converts a phone number to a numeric number.
'Return a list of primes of a number.
'Returns a dict of duplicate indices for the given fields.
'Up an interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Down the application.'.
'Returns the anonymous_user_id for the given user.
'Verify that all public Sphinx modules are present.'.
'Returns True if the callback is an API view.'.
'Return an empty style.'.
'Check if a sheet exists.'.
'Create a constant record from a Python value.'.
'List users DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Load calendars from a yaml file.
'CONNECT Section 9.3.18'.
'Reconstruct the path from the current node to the current node.'.
'Refresh all facts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return information about a group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of rows from the DOM'.
'Test the fit sample routine with indices.'.
'Folder edit'.
'Ensure a service is absent.
'Person search controller'.
'Download app stats.'.
'Main entry point'.
'abort(msgs) -> None'.
'Remove a user from a group.
'Return a list of test names'.
'Validates subscription data and dispatches it to the appropriate handler.
'Return a filter to check if a group has a group snapshot.'.
'Fixture for ETree.to_etree'.
'Convert an array to a Dataask object.
'Convert a number of bytes to a string.
'Open a local file or directory.
'Returns True if the given object is null.'.
'Raises an exception if the year is not a year.'.
'Check if a user exists DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the Euclidean distance between two vectors.'.
'expr_list : expression'.
'Assert that all objects in a list are equal.'.
'Resolve a name to an IP address.
'Med Price'.
'Log a message at the ERROR level.'.
'Computes the logistic logistic of x.'.
'Generates a MIME message from the response.
'Delete a member from the pool.
'Run stop level command'.
'Return the given module or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Hydrate a SourcesField into a EagerSourceSet.'.
'Add request suffix to string.'.
'Create a CDF from a PMF.
'Remove slashes from a string.'.
'Return the lambda sum of the largest k elements of x.
'Read a file and return its contents as unicode.'.
'A context manager that replaces URL patterns in sys.urlconf.
'Enable or disable syslog on the specified server.
'Auto-delete all files in the database.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Create a device record from a numpy.record.Record.'.
'Return a dict of all subreddits from a list of things. DCNL :param
'Get media discovery event manager. DCNL.
'Signal handler for course_published signal.'.
'Iterate over a line generator.'.
'Return passwd_changes information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Load a template tag.'.
'Write IP extra attributes to ipy_should_not_impl.'.
'Return the description of an object.'.
'Store friends for a user.'.
'Return an empty-like object for the given array.'.
'Raise an exception if the given resource is not enabled.
'Test installing a package as an egg'.
'Send a command to the specified worker, lbn and profile DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Parses a multipart form.
'internet gateways don\'t have a bad id'.
'Calculate the magnitude of x.'.
'Leaves transaction management for the current thread.
'Concatenate a list of tensors along a given axis.
'Computes the norm of a matrix along a given axis.
'Read boolean data from file.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.'.
'Convert raw to lux.'.
'Register a callback for the given resource type.'.
'Returns True if the given user has the given permission for the given organization.
'specifier_qualifier_list : qualifier'.
'Converts a path to a nested dict.
'fbthrift_library_config'.
'Test reading from locs file'.
'Save state to file'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
'Find the unit pattern for the given unit_id.
'Copy a list of files into another list of files.'.
'Expand a type string into a list of types.
'Return the path to the pylintrc file.'.
'Define a role for a pe_id.
'APPLICATION INFORMATION Section 9.1.12'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Test reconstruction with equal masks'.
'Registers a public key server if it\'s not already registered.
'Mask sensitive data in a message.
'Execute a query to the RESTful API.'.
'Execute a scientific command.'.
'Get the list of files in the dire directory.'.
'Convert an upper-order array to a lower-order array.'.
'Generates a TOTP using the given secret.
'Converts a Python object to a file.
'Invalidate hash invalidations file.'.
'Add a representer to the dumper.'.
'DEPRECATED: use patch_object instead.'.
'Decorator to wrap a function as a tasklet.
'Main entry point for the command line program.'.
'Makes a Flask application.'.
'Redirect to the domain page.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Set the default colormap to hsv and apply to current image if any. DC
'Return the site_dict for the given app name.
'Return a generator of headers for the given WSGI environment.
'Process call_queue and put results into result_queue.
'Converts an entry element to a Topic object.'.
'Run the sync action.'.
'Add an error to the list of saved errors.'.
'Return True if the item is in the course tree.'.
'Check that the fscale is a valid string.'.
'Recursive version of _iterate_second.'.
'Returns the HTML for a directory'.
'Get the encoding for the given encoding.'.
'Show all the figure managers.'.
'Add pillars output to positives.'.
'Copy extra files from the config to the outdir'.
'Get the RRD server information.'.
'Reset the default profile settings.'.
'Escape an RFC 822 header.'.
'Returns True if the given address is an IPv6 address.
'Set the minimum and maximum bounds of the current image.
'Return a dictionary of (app_label, model_name) for each DCNL related
'Create a verifier for the given ECC signature.'.
'Returns the global date format for the given date.'.
'Load a module. DCNL :param name: module name DCNL :param filename:
'Set the configuration for the org_site_staff field.'.
'Safely kill a process and return True if the process fails.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the current process ID'.
'Switch a host to a new endpoint.
'Update the root organisation for an organisation.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Initialize the browser.'.
'Removes all files in the scratch_image_name_root directory.'.
'Takes a Pauli operator and returns the resulting operator.
'Return the size of a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove an ASAM platform set.
'Encodes an object that doesn\'t exist in the database.'.
'Parse the iscsiname rule.'.
'Return a list of all the root nodes of a model.
'Get the instance of the meth_class of an object.'.
'Remove the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given exception is an SSL error.'.
'Insert GPU filteracts into images'.
'Redirect to the root page'.
'Return a hello message.'.
'Returns a summary of the changes between model1 and model2.
'Main entry point'.
'List all files in a directory.
'Returns a cached dictionary of user preferences for the current user.
'Returns a list of linear gradients.
'Return the boundaries of an array. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL The
'Load a language from the API.'.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Computes the id of a z-p matrix.
'Render a Bootstrap form.'.
'Add a list of source names to the result.'.
'Return the session id for the given username and password.
'Return True if the user is a prereg admin'.
'Update the server info file.'.
'initialise module'.
'Run the command-line program.'.
'Get all volumes belonging to a group.'.
'Freeze the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Marks a string as a safe or promise as an escape string.
'Test misc'.
'Get the console output for a server.'.
'Generate a histogram from a qual file.'.
'Generate a random UUID.'.
'Return a list of all items in a queue'.
'Display a list of resource objects.'.
'Generates a signed JWT.
'Return the path to a config file for the given atom.'.
'Covar M step.'.
'Destroy a consistencygroup or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Decrypt the encrypted key file.'.
'Returns a list of (code, rest) tuples.
'Find all actions in the namespace that start with action_prefix.'.
'Returns the first element of a list.'.
'Returns a free SMS notification service.'.
'Move a file from one location to another.
'Colorize a line.'.
'Get the rank index.'.
'Process the content pack directory.'.
'Return the hard blending channels for the given bottom and top channels.'.
'Process a file tree.'.
'Returns a pytz timezone object for display.'.
'Convert a volume status to ec2 attach status.'.
'Load extra_data from backend'.
'Pick a mailbox.'.
'Return True if var is set by the CLI.'.
'Download the CIFAR10 dataset and extract it into train, train, and test labels
'Test either if an error is raised when the object is wrong'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Return the URL for the given path.'.
'Setup the django apps.'.
'Set a name in a method signature.'.
'Lead index assigned'.
'Return a queryset of the given class.'.
'Apply softmax to each element of the matrix mat.'.
'Replaces ampersand-fixer characters in a string.'.
'Get a colormap from the rcParams dictionary.'.
'Run a command and return its output.'.
'Change the ls field of a table'.
'Returns True if the lun_id is available on the host.'.
'Returns a list of jobs.
'Return the value of a config key'.
'Return the checksum of a fletcher16 binary buffer.'.
'Merge cnfs into a single dictionary'.
'Export course to tar file.'.
'Determine the alpha shard of a word.'.
'Returns a tuple of (line, list) of (line, list) of (line
'Permute the rows of an array.'.
'Returns a list of the elements of x that are not None.'.
'Returns a list of page ids for change actions for a user.
'Return the stack level of the import hook.'.
'Delete telemetry alarms.
'Set DNSMAQ facts if not already set.'.
'Creates a new ``LoopbackControlClient`` instance.
'Return True if nibabel is installed'.
'Get the normals for the given interpolation offset and direction.'.
'Notify that a member is removed.'.
'When a course is published, update the requirements for the given course.'.
'View a screenshot.'.
'Returns a list of attachments formatted as a dictionary.'.
'Checks that the given code is a valid cpaste file.'.
'Context manager for rendering a single page.'.
'Returns True if the value is an inf exponent.'.
'Return a short version of the Python version.'.
'Return the index of the vowel in a string.'.
'Converts an input to a theano expression.
'Sine subtraction DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL x: array
'Returns a list of people'.
'Renders an alert. DCNL Parameters DCNL content : string DCNL The content of
'Return True if the given response provides a list of CSP features.'.
'Return a tuple of (None, None) and (None, None).'.
'Test add_patch_info'.
'Get the flowgramali executable.'.
'Return the localhost socket object.'.
'Re-encrypt the given ciphertext.
'Check if the pick_ori is valid.'.
'Return stdout and stderr of a command.'.
'Expands a double fcnet layer. DCNL Parameters DCNL n : int DCNL
'Run the else test module.'.
'Returns a dict of metrics for the given date'.
'Collect all bear directories from a list of sections.'.
'Return the length of the header of the given bytearray.
'Return the response cell name from the routing path.'.
'Remove users from a group.
'Test relu activation.'.
'Return the trace of a function at a given location in a given frame.'.
'Creates a global variable with the given name and value.
'Calculate the equation'.
'Return the amount of memory allocated to a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a box with the given tags.'.
'Test the base of the radian.'.
'Get the preamp of the equalizer.
'Delete metadata for a snapshot.'.
'Remove tags from a trail DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse the user line'.
'Main entry point'.
'Get or create a badge if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Log an attribute of an object.
'Strips CRuft characters from the given HTML.
'Convert a fixture to a list of tuples.'.
'Set the current thread user.'.
'Outputs the given format, indenting it if necessary.'.
'Test the html format'.
'Return True if the given reddit object is visible.'.
'Run the bare WSGI application.'.
'Forgot password page'.
'Check if a file exists and is valid.'.
'Returns a span of a date that is in the past of the current time.'.
'Import the figure and display from the user namespace.'.
'Return a list of all suffixes.'.
'Try to get a string from the device.'.
'Returns a unique ID.
'Checks if a bucket name is valid.
'Marks a value as safe for use in HTML.'.
' amqp amqp.handle_items'.
'Detects lines in a string using unidiff.'.
'Writes a debug message to the dump file.'.
'Get vendor name from PCI ID.'.
'Test plot_montage.'.
'Return the filename of a QuteBrowser resource.'.
'Returns a list of random values from the given iterable.
'Browse the other branch.'.
'Takes a string and shortens it to a certain length.'.
'Return a permutation group of the given number.'.
'Add a list of filters to the pylint state.'.
'Return the current user'.
'Test compiles pyc'.
'Create an os_mock object for use in tests.'.
'Stop the service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Execute the next evaluator arguments.'.
'Return the access token for the given authorization code.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Manage the managed servers DCNL CLI
'Context manager to temporarily change a field.'.
'Return a dictionary of the default threadable predictors.'.
'Push a term onto a callback.'.
'Toggle labels and canvas.'.
'Returns a list of course updates for the given location.
'Remove dead links from a directory.'.
'Update the dictionary d with the values from other.'.
'Only load if boto is available'.
'Return True if hash h is used.'.
'Return the full GDAL version.'.
'<word> -- Get the synonym of <word>'.
'Waits for an element to appear in the DOM.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when there is a wrong NN object.'.
'Mock an OC command.'.
'Attach total points to each object of the queryset.
'Given a token, return the start position of the token in the source.'.
'Return a list of all user\'s gids'.
'Checks if a token is valid.'.
'dispatch a function to the os module'.
'Return a list of existing DHCP networks for the given conf.'.
'Return the version of the package with the given name'.
'Return the value of an option'.
'Apply a function to each element of a list, returning a new array.'.
'Apply a function synchronously to the given arguments.
'Parse a file and return a list of trees.'.
'Compare two SCCS strings.
'Return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary.'.
'Delete a console.'.
'Get the deployment config file.'.
'Return a new block matrix with slices of expr.'.
'Validates that a value is a list of choices.
'Context manager that changes the current working directory to the current DCNL directory.
'Given a dictionary, return a named naming object.'.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL :param url: DCNL :param dc_handler
'Encode a list of strings.
'Return a list of the remotes for the given remote.'.
'Test proxy get'.
'Return the status of the master'.
'Fix all html files in the given container.'.
'Get a module from a directory path.'.
'Run a p4 command on the system.
'Test that gmail_missing_sent works'.
'Create a new LB DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if url is from spider.'.
'Unescapes the given text.
'Asserts that the given check succeeds with the given arguments.
'Saves a password in the keyring.
'Get a repository by name and owner.'.
'Return the index of the position of the given deg and order.'.
'Return a dict of minion and full_rets for a given jid'.
'Returns True if the format is in the memoryview.'.
'Compute GCD of ``f`` and ``G[x]``.
'Read the cache file from the stream.'.
'Encodes a Message object into a string.'.
'Return the number of test processes running on the system.
'Try to inspect an object.'.
'Return the id from a string'.
'Setup the county data'.
'Runs fv on multiple fields in a form.
'Return a keyword argument that can be used as a keyword argument.'.
'Assert that the given ip is arping.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'This function is called every time the OpenPyxl library has been DCNL optimized.
'Return a tuple of (x, labels) tuples from the given text.'.
'Require a Pootle translation project.'.
'Return the list of DNS hosts for a network.'.
'If debug is enabled, return the context as a dict'.
'Returns a list of random objects.'.
'Returns the context for the given template and line.
'initdb -noprojects --no-projects'.
'*musicpd.org, replay-gain-status:* DCNL ``re
'Solve a polynomial in ``f`` using solveset_solver.'.
'Create and return a GnuPG object.'.
'Test uninstalling an entry point.'.
'Get a file or text.'.
'Sort the schedules in the config.'.
'Returns the name of the current code.
'Get accessible attribute.'.
'Returns True if w is a short syllable.'.
'Read a value from a registry key.
'Returns a list of auth responses for the given list of challs.'.
'Return a new selection model.'.
'Creates a test failure junit XML element.'.
'Apply the codon operation.'.
'Formats a dictionary of errors into a human-readable list.
'Creates a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a list of available plugins.
'Return a list of all programs for a user'.
'Convert an address to a packed byte string.'.
'Return the name of a process.'.
'Acquire the lock if necessary.'.
'Convert an object name to a class name.
'Return an OpenStack client for the given version.
'Computes the logarithm of the softplus function.
'mix num'.
'Check if a path is a valid webroot path.
'Convert a bf_type to a buffer size.
'Check if a user is authorized to login DCNL :param name: The name of the
'Return the covariance matrix for the given resid and x.
'Check if a process exists.
'Return True if the current process is a main process.'.
'Check if an attribute name is protected.'.
'This function is called by the hrm_training_onvalidation functions.'.
'Get the perimeter width.'.
'Process an image. DCNL :param filename: filename to process. DCNL :param
'Update Google Analytics.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Publish a live action to the execution.'.
'Restore the given service to the device.'.
'Add a media object to the media list. DCNL.
'Get the content type of a message.'.
'Returns a list of summaries matching the given collection ids.'.
'Create an internet gateway.
'Get the command name from the state.'.
'Test flush with no pk'.
'Return the path to the ipython package directory.'.
'Adjust the weight of all widgets in a panel.'.
'Compresses a token back into a merged token.
'Get the navigator audit log directory.'.
'craft a gcode linear move file.'.
'Computes the coefficients of ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Set the cbreak flag on a file descriptor.
'Register a category for the Python composite server.'.
'parameter_list : parameter_list parameter_list parameter_list'.
'Get a simplified version of the gcode file extension.'.
'Return the line and offset of the cell at cursor_pos.'.
'Return load data from a jid'.
'End recording the current request.
'Create a simplewiki object from the environment variable ``DB_URI``.'.
'Return the capitalized version of a string.'.
'Run flake.'.
'Unpurge one or more packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the request has a valid POST signature.
'Return the path to the config directory.'.
'Returns the hamming distance between two strings.
'Return a URL for a given scheme, host, port, query DCNL :param scheme
'Checks that the given email address is valid.
'Validates customization arguments and values. DCNL Args: DCNL item_name:
'Return the credentials for the given provider'.
'Checks if the call is called only once.'.
'Show the format of the rule as a string.'.
'Return the preferred IP address for the given VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the output of a command.'.
'Captures the stdout and stderr of the given logger.
'Highlights the given value using pygments.'.
'Upgrade the installed packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Count real roots of ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Return a list of the results that are not present in dest_dir.'.
'Return a discovery result for the given URI.'.
'Interpolate two trigonometric values.
'Convert a penn tag to a WordNet tag.'.
'Test Pprint with py3 bytes'.
'Computes the rosen der matrix.
'Mocks the render to a response.'.
'Compile a URI into a Python source file.
'Get media player title. DCNL.
'Convert Excel file to DB'.
'Return a list of releases grouped by version.'.
'Spawn a generator event.
'Convert a CFSet to a set.'.
'Returns a dict containing the auth information for the current user.'.
'Return a key_func for the given key_func.
'Add a security group to an instance.'.
'Forces a value to be unlocalized.'.
'Return a list of (module_name, module_name, module_name, module
'Return a list of suggestions for a given agent.'.
'Get the srv file for a given type.'.
'Returns True if the given text is a valid string.'.
'Install a VCS package.
'Eval the location at the given offset.'.
'Returns a query string that can be used to toggle a page.'.
'Get all groups for all containers in the inventory.'.
'Test that the cache configuration can be loaded with private browsing.'.
'Delete the SSH key for a user DCNL username : string DCNL username to delete DC
'Convert a string to a unicode string'.
'Execute ping listener'.
'Creates a capture object from a source string.'.
'Converts a byte array to an integer.'.
'Resets the list of error suppressions.'.
'Load a wx.Bitmap from a file.'.
'Test the fit method'.
'Test that completion shows a list of QStandardItems.'.
'Return a dictionary of articles for a language.'.
'Run the main function.'.
'Returns True if the given function accepts the given keyword argument.
'Return the default Python shell.'.
'Generates a model for the given root class.
'Convert a module to a class.
'Validates the given course_id.'.
'Test locale html.'.
'Reload a module from the current working directory.'.
'Test lambdacdm with zeroing'.
'Post vim message.'.
'Return the normal and expand factor of a vector.'.
'Returns a list of random floats'.
'Return the default mappings for the given machines.'.
'Parses a range header and returns a tuple of (unit, ranges) DCNL (
'Generate a source tarball.'.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Get new repository.'.
'API: accepts output, value'.
'Store the results_dirpath into package_dirpath'.
'Decodes a binary string into a string.
'Setup the test database.'.
'Create a DocumentListAclEntry from an XML string.'.
'Given a list of servers, return the server id.'.
'Apply a fcontext policy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a default context dictionary.'.
'Test wcs.fixes2'.
'Test date line labels'.
'Returns a dict of all user messages.'.
'Set the offset by the multiplier.'.
'Returns the sentiment label for the given sentiment.'.
'Create a new WSGI server.
'Convert a list of columns to a title.
'Decorator to mark a dummy class as a dummy class.'.
'Run the configtest DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'List all available packages DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Topics page'.
'Cleans a URL. DCNL Parameters DCNL url : string DCNL The URL to
'Decodes the number of bits in the received bitvec.'.
'Import a tabbook from a stream.'.
'Create an okassemblies assembly.'.
'Get the horizontally bounded path.'.
'Create a task info object'.
'Test that json_view.error returns an error'.
'Returns a list of email addresses for the given group.
'Set the list of repliers to be executed.'.
'Munge warnings and timings for doctests.'.
'Create a rectangle with the given width and height.
'Get the default verify paths.'.
'Return the long description of the project.'.
'Return the request URI for the given WSGI environment.
'sort_string(s) -> string DCNL Sorts a list of strings and returns
'Get the file orgcode directory.'.
'Return the degree sequence tree for the given degree sequence.
'Get a secret.'.
'initialise module'.
'Update a block'.
'Return the id or key of a list item'.
'Initialize the eyegaze control.'.
'Create a formset for the given model.
'Test gridspec with width ratios'.
'Return a pseudo breadcrumb for the given key.
'Return a list of files for a bucket.
'Get a single item from a list.'.
'Save the figure to a file.'.
'Find a command in the path.'.
'Check if a directory is a package directory.'.
'Iterate over all modules in the system.
'Decorator to wrap a list of transports.
'Mock inline CSS.'.
'Convert a string to minutes'.
'Return the summary of a commit.'.
'Ensure the Qt thread is running.
'Get the locked handle.'.
'Return a list of new mod names.
'Get the model matrix.'.
'Unpack a zip file to extract_dir DCNL :param filename: The zip file
'Return the encryption headers for a given key.
'Returns a list of files that match all_fastq'.
'Given a model identifier, return a model object.
'Get the adjacency matrix from the redirects file.'.
'Convert head position to translation, rotation, t.'.
'Draw a bounding box.'.
'Fake payment.'.
'Return the end event.'.
'Check the authentication of a GitHub user.'.
'Add default variables and functions to the dictionary.'.
'Test whether the remote_repo_url is a valid URL for a remote repository.'.
'Setup the REST switch platform.'.
'Test that config.get_config raises an exception if it does not exist.'.
'Validates the resource type.'.
'Computes the fflayer of the given tensor.
'Remove a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the inverse of ``n``.
'Return the last modification date of a file.'.
'Load the window size from the given section.'.
'Run cleanup_list on the given filename'.
'This is called when the plugin is shut down.'.
'Print a message to stderr and exit.'.
'Returns True if the value is a valid modular number.'.
'Get screen size in pixels.'.
'Parse a RE_HEX escape string.'.
'Apply a function to each element of an index.
'Atomic benchmark estimator. DCNL Parameters DCNL estimator : estimator to run DC
'A view that renders a CSRF token.'.
'Splits a bezier segment into the left and right parts of the path.'.
'Quotes a string for use in quotes.'.
'Connect a boolean to an action.'.
'Validates that the value is a valid domain name.
'Return the next multiple of `n` in `k`.'.
'<username> -- Get the username of the user in <name> DCNL CLI Example:
'Report the current profiling state.'.
'Computes the deriv of a word.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Get a tour of the graph.'.
'Return a pre-formatted version of text.'.
'Sign a certificate. DCNL.
'Returns a list of public names from a list of strings.'.
'nbsp(x) -> string'.
'Convert a list of hosts to a list of dicts'.
'Runs the category.'.
'Build the command line arguments needed to install packages.'.
'Formats a search string.
'Return the network attach config spec.'.
'Return the path to SymPy'.
'Generate a list of options that can be passed to the compiler.'.
'Return the cache object.'.
'Return a dictionary containing the modifiers of the module.'.
'Download a file from a remote location.
'Return the current virtual memory.'.
'Yield items from selector that are not in exclude.'.
'Suspend a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validates a user\'s password.
'Determine if two wildcards overlap.
'Create a UUID from a random number of seconds.
'Convert a range string to a set.'.
'Ensure a usage plan is absent.
'Create the output directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return True if all the pyrex implementations are installed.'.
'Return the current selection.'.
'Sign in a successful openid'.
'Get the contents of a file.
'Return the default entry point.'.
'Return a list of all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Go to the given URL.'.
'Usage: DCNL sys.path DCNL sys.path DCNL sys.path DC
'Check if a user exists.
'Run HTML Tidy mini-mini on a file.'.
'Converts an object to a list of strings.
'Compiles a template string into a Python object.
'Test that installed and generated MNE locations are installed.'.
'Get the preference path.'.
'Returns a JSON response with gzipped content'.
'Gather pillar data into a dictionary'.
'Read a safe XML file and return it.
'Returns a zero free random string.
'Reads the specified number of bytes from a plain-text file.
'state: int DCNL ctrlreg: int DCNL state: int DCNL state:
'Return a new event exchange object'.
'Ensure compatibility versions are invalidated.'.
'Map a target to a service.'.
'Switch app to v5'.
'Ensure that all elements in actual are equal to desired.
'Parse the multipath command line.'.
'Generate a grid with a single cbar'.
'Send a tag to a variable in the specified destination.'.
'Include debug js files'.
'Return the filesystem\'s encoding.
'Signal handler for course_published signal.'.
'Register a namespace alias.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Runs the split command on the given file.
'Converts a JSON encoded string into a list of strings.
'Convert a Windows Registry value to a dictionary.'.
'Generate the example RST.'.
'Create a reverse URL for a Django view.
'floor_secs(ns) -> float DCNL Return the time in seconds since the
'Test inheritance of frame attributes'.
'Reset the state of the device.'.
'Return True if host is full, False otherwise.'.
'Move a file to a trash folder.'.
'Return a dict of values from ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Splits a string into a list of characters. DCNL :param text: The string
'Generate completion commands'.
'Clears the database environment.'.
'Prepares the request to be used as an embed.
'Convert a scalar to a format string.'.
'Background Hard Link'.
'Colorize an image. DCNL :param original: The image to colorize DCNL
'Return all the CREATE TABLE statements for the given app.'.
'Sends an email to a user'.
'Convert an ISO 8601 string to a JavaScript timestamp.
'Collects the user\'s javascript files for the given addon_configs.
'Set the WAF functions in the kb'.
'Test admin tasks.'.
'Returns a dictionary of limits for the bulkloader.'.
'Copy datamodel fields from src to dst DCNL Args: DCNL src: DataModel
'Parse a server string into (address, port) tuple'.
'Generate a random password and hashed password.'.
'Computes the nth degree of ``f`` in ``K[X]`
'Decompose ``f`` by ``s`` in ``K[X]`
'Set the opacity of an image.
'Return the number after the point in the string.'.
'Sends an email to the OSF4M welcome email for the given user.
'Returns the recurrence term of ``c`` in ``f``.
'Return a time shifted in seconds.'.
'Create a port group. DCNL :param vswitch_name: The name of the
'Split a path into a zip file and archive path.'.
'Run all exit functions.
'Update the latest PDFJS version.
'Test reading with no data'.
'Return a list of the default payment providers.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Set the value of a key in the current configuration.
'Return the fitness score from the local file.'.
'Get the triangle mesh.'.
'Get a fixed IP by address.'.
'Return the current time in ISO 8601 format.'.
'Return a color string.'.
'Checks if a slug is valid.
'Associate a fixed IP DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Determine if a file should be skipped.'.
'Sends a message to the admins.'.
'test_z()'.
'Alter an enum column.'.
'Checks if the proxy is valid.'.
'Remove the last xml tag from a file.
'Get vector3 path.'.
'Set the configurationurator for the plugin.'.
'Register tree builders from a module.'.
'Decodes a string using a2b_uu.
'Return True if the given text contains the given text.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Check if port is inbusy'.
'Returns True if the string is a valid identifier.'.
'Encode a pickled object into a base64-encoded string.
'Sends an email to a list of recipients.
'Determine if the word is quoted.'.
'Sanitizes a filename for use in filenames.'.
'Restores the current environment to the current date'.
'List all tables in a dataset DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert XFS dump output to a dictionary'.
'Return a new stack of the given operators.
'Return a list of the absolute paths of the given file in the current working directory.
'Yields tokens from a stream.
'Overrides the bytes from the content type of a listing dict.
'Return a list of all available keys for the specified user and secret DCNL CLI Example:
'Fix line endings in a string.'.
'Test auto3 legend'.
'Return the nth legend of a polynomial in ``K[x]``.
'Set the value of a list option.'.
'Validate the background color.'.
'Create a table in the database.'.
'Convert a FilerFile object to a JSON dict.'.
'Add submenus.'.
'Get the dot product of two complexes.'.
'Return a list of available VM sizes on the provider'.
'Removes empty lines from a string.'.
'Pop the connection from the stack.'.
'Generate a list of YAML handlers for the given web_xml and static_files.
'Checks if a list of changes are valid and returns the filename.'.
'Retry a function on an EINTR error.
'Helper function to invoke a method on an object.'.
'Returns a tuple of the items in sequence that are not in reference.
'Computes the gradient of a profile function.
'dbapi_raw_w_pool(n) -> None'.
'Collect static files'.
'Check if an environment is created.'.
'Return True if the given patch module was executed.'.
'Only load if svn is installed'.
'Setup the MQTT lock platform.'.
'Return the outer product of two arrays.
'Return a websafe version of the given text.'.
'A context manager that patches the environment variables in the current DCNL context.
'Examine mbox. DCNL :param result: result'.
'count_righthand_zero_bits(number, bits) -> int DCNL Count
'Computes the soft sign of a tensor.
'Returns the fingerprint of an ssh key.
'Test reading surface curvature'.
'Add function stats to a function.'.
'Boot an image and run it.'.
'Return the replacer for the given dst.'.
'Returns a human-readable duration for the given number of seconds.
'Upgrade the database to the specified version.
'Remove all cached instances from the cache.'.
'Return the size of the backup file for the given service.'.
'Validate a path. DCNL Parameters DCNL path : string DCNL Path to validate DC
'Get the LAN scan node.'.
'Find top-level loops.'.
'List events. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash DC
'Deserialize a value from a key value pair.
'Returns the search form'.
'Return True if the given module is a submodule of the given package.
'Returns the JSON result for the given tag'.
'An opportunity edit page'.
'Returns the foreign key for the given parent_model and fk_name.'.
'Return a normalized version of a path.'.
'View the changes for a config.'.
'Convert a dictionary to a 1-dimensional numpy array.
'Remove a port from a zone.
'Build a simple border spider network.'.
'Returns a list of parameter names for the given object.
'Reversal a gcode linear move text.'.
'Return True if filename is a nottornzb file.'.
'Return the expression with the given name.
'Create a WSGI application.'.
'Prints the given arguments to the console.'.
'Check to see if a launch configuration exists.
'Returns a slugified version of the given string.'.
'Get dummy effects.'.
'Converts a value to a boolean value.
'Return a list of all the root directories for this minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Adds the beginning of the entering loop.'.
'Helper function to extend mode to code.'.
'Returns the email address of a user.'.
'Convert an IPv4 or IPv6 address string to an IP address string.
'Return True if the first tab in a string is in a leading tab.'.
'oninit(isreload) -> None'.
'Computes the correlation between two datasets.
'Renders the given JSON data into a dictionary.
'Returns the name of the constraint that matches the given columns.'.
'Restore a postgres database from a file.'.
'Return a tuple of the index of the first non-whitespace character in the line.'.
'Returns a list of credits for the given subproject.'.
'Start the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parse a query and return a query object.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Escape markdown sections.'.
'Checks if the result is a valid CCS pointer.'.
'Parse an HTTP date into a datetime object.
'Format a URL. DCNL :param use_ssl: Whether to use SSL or DC
'Renders the paraetocdf for the given parameters.
'Get a new command.'.
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Create a zone from a template file.
'Add a role to a group.
'Dump a list of documents to a stream.
'Converts an integer to a number.
'Checks if a password has changed.
'Extract the flowgram IDs from a list of labels. DCNL :param labels:
'Refresh the info cache for an instance.'.
'Returns True if the given attribute name is a private attribute.'.
'Run jshint on the current directory.'.
'Copy all folders from source to destination.'.
'Resize the image to maxwidth.'.
'Create an auto-proxy for the given token.
'Run a function in a background thread.
'Computes the acosh of an interval.'.
'Matharithm of a series.
'Return a list of all available drivers'.
'Return a pickleable etype.
'Computes the zeroes of the zeroes of the zeroes of ``n``
'Returns the skewness of a sequence of xs.
'Return a Consumer instance for the given request.
'Parses a list of privileges into a dictionary.
'Ensure that the repo is blacklisted.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Import a dotted module path and return the class object.'.
'Emits an event for a problem submitted event.'.
'Returns the mgf1 digest of the given seed and hash.
'Converts a date to a natural time string.
'Checks that the result is zero.'.
'Release a port from the serial port pool.'.
'swap(f, i) -> ((x, y, z) DCNL Return
'yaml: sitemonitor DCNL Register a site monitor.
'Update a list'.
'Converts a corpus to a VW string.'.
'Create a new index.'.
'Convert a string to a regular expression.
'Yields tuples of (num_, str_) and (num_, str
'Setup the litejet scene.'.
'Setup join cache.'.
'Attach total points to each object of the queryset.
'Add vertexes to geometryOutput.'.
'Return steam data from steam API.'.
'Get a file object from a file or path.'.
'Computes the derived sequence of the given graph.
'usage: xunlei get-torrent'.
'Resource factory method.'.
'Sends a message to all the messages in the given path.
'Check the citations in the tool XML.'.
'Returns the HTML with all absolute URLs.'.
'Escapes a string to a null string.'.
'Activate a requirement.'.
'Return True if the element at the given path is in progress.'.
'Remove a role DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if path is a directory.'.
'Use a redis connection.'.
'Test that mrg_randomstreams works as expected.'.
'Password reset view'.
'Convert a frequency to a period.'.
'Get a spinner instance.'.
'Return True if the ldap group members are disabled.'.
'Splits a namespace name into a namespace name and a tag name.
'Retain horizontal spacing for each token in the line.'.
'Check if h is a valid RGB string.'.
'Execute mysql command'.
'Return the path to the ca certs file.'.
'Extracts a nested case from a list of statements.'.
'Format exception only. DCNL :param etype: exception type DCNL :param value
'Return a dict of callables from a module.'.
'Return a list of all files in the specified environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Make sure the model parameters are not None'.
'Return the number of subclasses of a class.'.
'Test output formats.'.
'Request a user to represent a person DCNL :param id: The id of the
'Return the full modname of the given path.'.
'Loads data into a parser and method name.
'Re-validate the certificate for the student for the given course.
'Convert a list of names to a dns repr string.'.
'Show information about a network.'.
'Return an empty float.'.
'Return the L2 projection of ``f`` in `` basis``.
'Return the plugin to use'.
'Return the column at the given location in a string.'.
'Get a certificate from a server.'.
'Return the product of two iterables.'.
'Log an event. DCNL :param event: The event to log. DCNL :
'Parses a date into a date object.
'Safely infer a node.
'Setup the insteon platform.'.
'Unescapes the given text.
'Create a color array from a number of colors.'.
'Discard the current line.'.
'Return a generator of sigsorts.'.
'Return the sql_destroy_indexes table for the given app.'.
'Get the description of the chapter for a title. DCNL.
'Return the path to a program if it exists.'.
'Update the remotes on the master'.
'Register the user in the session.'.
'Schedule a job. DCNL :param function: the function to schedule.
'Unlock an entity. DCNL.
'Set the class options.'.
'Test subreddit uploader.'.
'Return True if xbps_output is installed.'.
'Return the path and stage of an entry.'.
'Parse a comment.'.
'Test display.filelink on directory to filelink'.
'Ensure that exception classes in sys.builtin_module_names are not DCNL
'Test protocol0 regression'.
'Convert an object to a dictionary of serializable objects.'.
'Parse an ARXiv URL into a tuple of (id, int) DCNL (
'Start the HTTP server on the given port.
'Parse command-line arguments.'.
'Format a traceback as a list of strings.'.
'Check for recaptcha verification.'.
'Add a constructor to the loader.'.
'Read an index file. DCNL.
'Returns a set of all modified metadata from the given dictionary.'.
'Plot the posterior predictive.'.
'Test getting version from pypi'.
'Formats a size in a human-readable way.
'Compute CPU affinity for a task DCNL Parameters DCNL pid : int DCNL PID
'coverage html'.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments.'.
'Converts an issue object into a dictionary. DCNL :param issue: The issue object
'Authenticate with Red Hat DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure opendocx works as expected'.
'wrap(text, **kwargs) -> list of lines DCNL Return a list of lines
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns True if the procedure is covered by the gcode text.'.
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type.
'Check if a unit is available.
'Returns True if the release is in the given episode.'.
'Download a file from the object.
':type db: sqlalchemy.mongo.Database'.
'Context manager to copy a file to a temporary location.'.
'Returns a list of period names for the locale.'.
'Disable decoders that are insecure.'.
'Ensure that attributes are correct.'.
'Generate n_samples and n_features blobs.'.
'Sends a signal that the template has been rendered.'.
'Returns a dict of profile image names for the given username.'.
'Return a description of the distrib file.'.
'List all the servers on the haproxy server.
'Convert a JSON row to a tuple of tuples.'.
'Get the first word of a split line.'.
'Check to see if an elasticsearch domain exists.
'Test crop appending'.
'Test number of reads'.
'Evaluate an expression.'.
'Return ``f`` in ``K[x]`` in ``K[x
'Test calling prompt with process_json.'.
'Get the headerguard CPP variable name for a header guard file.
'Check that arg is a valid type.
'Return the main document from the given docx.
'Convert a string to a Python object.
'Given a request and a WSGI environ, return a list of URLs that DCNL
'Set whether or not this module is interactive.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Return the traceback of a thread.
'Test require_file from url'.
'Convert a list of recipients to a set of email addresses.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.
'Set the egid of the process.
'Coregister classfactories. DCNL :param clsids: list of class IDs
'Ensure an alias is absent.
'Create a port group. DCNL :param vswitch_name: Name of the port
'Process the xml element.'.
'Displays all review requests.'.
'Return a list of all repos in basedir.
'Return an iterator over the siblings of left and right in the cache.'.
'Write a plist to a resource'.
'Fetches the bootstrap script from the salt cloud DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'proxy(x, y) -> float DCNL Return the division of x and y DC
'Test plot_image'.
'Install coverage requirements'.
'Parse an XMPP stream error element.'.
'assert_true_instance(logical_line) -> (num, str) DCNL
'Test gridspec with height ratios'.
'Register all models for the given engine.'.
'Split a command line into a list of arguments.
'Return the number of intracommunity edges in a partition.'.
'Kruskal(*args) -> Result DCNL Kruskal(*
'Returns the name of the default comment app.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance'.
'repeat(a, repeats, axis=None) -> list DCNL Return a new
'Get an email address from the display.
'Configure the settings.'.
'Checks to see if the given lang_code is available for the current locale.'.
'Test Galactic with three components.'.
'Alter a tablespace DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the uptime of a hypervisor.'.
'Test derivative cols from lists'.
'Return True if docstrings are disabled.'.
':type args: requirements.requirements.requirements'.
'Copies all modified jars for the given app.'.
'Pause a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Configure the database.'.
'Case Status: RESTful CRUD Controller'.
'Scans the default SR.
'Get a release by its id.
'Open a file and return a text object.'.
'Return a list of pids for the given process ID.
'Calculate the filename for a photo.'.
'Converts an HTML tree into a string.
'Autosummary table visit html'.
'Check if pyenv is installed'.
'Return True if any of the vvs are from a GPU.'.
'Return True if all ancestors of the given page are published in the given language.'.
'Creates a button'.
'Return the event id for the given event.
'Parse a pkginfo line.'.
'Run le_auto in venv_dir.'.
'Assert that the value is a boolean.'.
'cc_config'.
'Generates a template code.
'Convert a module to a dictionary.'.
'Write a key/value pair to a file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Convert an object to a native index.'.
'Test instantiation of filelinks.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Merges the given request_setting into the given session_setting.
'Get rank from singular values.'.
'Returns the current context as a string.
'Compute the hyperbolic cosine of an interval.
'Set the SNMP community DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a dict of all case ids in the given DataFrame.'.
'Get a tenant by name or name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Determine if the given descriptor is mobile.'.
'Run the analyses on a list of source files.
'Execute a S3 request and return a Response object.'.
'Get the options from the select browser.'.
'Get entry_info for a given distribution and group.'.
'Get the description of the carve.'.
'Returns a query for activities about a user.'.
'Index a list of documents in a chunk.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Get the value of a setting from the WMI server.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when sample is called before DCNL fitting'.
'Checks that two dictionaries have the same order.'.
'Validate the configuration'.
'Toggle traffic on a traffic file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of installed packages'.
'Send monthly reports'.
'Convert a list of NCs to a list of NCs'.
'Sends a message to a fanout device.
'Sync the database.'.
'Removes the logging handler from the queue.'.
'Encodes a string using the given charset and returns a native string.
'Get the power of the machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Computes the gradient of the logistic log at x_i and y_i.
'Return the blob info for the given blob_key.'.
'Get group type by name.'.
'Validate that the certificate matches the given hostname.
'Convert a DbusException to a reason string.'.
'Setup the fast link program builder.'.
'Returns True if the request is a websocket.
'Lookup all records. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Check that the geoserver is up.'.
'Convert a key text to a KeyInfo object.'.
'Update a fixed IP.'.
'Return the fully qualified name of an object.'.
'Get the install function for the given platform.'.
'Removes the task app from the project directory.'.
'Run bdist-wininst in simple mode.'.
'Builds a property specification.'.
'Test installing dependencies when no longer satisfied'.
'Checks if the static URL is cross-origin.'.
'Return the status of a device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove a network. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Get image member by memb_id.'.
'Raises an exception if the algo is not a valid DNN algo.
'Skips a test if the given message is PyPy.
'Refresh all grains'.
'Rounds a number to the given precision.'.
'Run the uname command.'.
'Only work on tuned networks'.
'Set restart mode'.
'Generates a scheduled sample.
'See :meth:`_sed_esc`.'.
'Serialize an exception as a JSON error.'.
'Get the number of themes and locks for a reviewer.'.
'Make a RGBA object.'.
'Get the password from the user.'.
'Update an instance'.
'cpp_integer(t) -> int'.
'Connect to a specific region.
'Return True if the system has external plugins.'.
'Determine if a movie is found in a list of reviews.'.
'Return the free memory for the current node.'.
'Check the usage of the given module.'.
'Pivots the given tableau with the given pivot.'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Translate a list of modifiers into a list of modmasks.
'Test barbs with bad masked sizes'.
'Process the log for a given hour.'.
'Set the copyright and credits of the builtins.'.
'Browse the current branch.'.
'Get the value of a placeholder setting DCNL :param setting: DCNL :param placeholder
'Saves the user\'s mailchimp mailing lists.'.
'Computes the Principal projection.
'Ansible module entry point.'.
'Read all the actions.'.
'Returns a deprecation docstring for the given version and replacement.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'split_entry(entry) -> list DCNL Splits an entry into two tuples
'Save a load to a jid'.
'Celery settings page'.
'Write a book to a JSON file.'.
'Converts a string to an integer if possible.'.
'Creates a transfer job for a given project.
'Check for disk usage in the given configuration.'.
'Find the degree of a matrix. DCNL :param m: The matrix DCNL :
'Check if hg is installed.'.
'Converts a value to a JSON string.'.
'Formats a list of (filename, lineno, name) tuples into a list of
'Clean up a process and all its children.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Initialize the ovstrunk event handler.'.
'Ensure that a user exists.
'Set the time in seconds since the epoch.
'Converts a string to a slug. DCNL :param value: string DCNL :
'Reset the shortcuts to default values.'.
'Return True if the app context stack is empty.'.
'Return a tuple (host, port).'.
'Return a subprocess object for the given cmds.
'Create a new git branch.
'Expands a path to a string if it is Windows.'.
'Uncache the zip directory at the given path.'.
'Add packages to a list of packages'.
'Convert a wotan tag to a treebank tag.'.
'Normalizes a batch in training.
'Returns the label for a gfk field.
'Document add to folder'.
'Returns a list of tuples of (sys_version_info, node_name,
'Computes the equatepolardotazimuth of a point.'.
'Test that param.type_conv raises a type error.'.
'Return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return a sorted list of resources for the given node.
'Return a JSON representation of the push attribute.'.
'Returns True if ``f`` is a float.'.
'Generate a random string from a list of bytes.'.
'Converts a dictionary of unicode objects into a dictionary of unicode objects.
'statements : INDRA statement'.
'Account delete'.
'Setup the russound platform.'.
'Returns True if string_ip is an IPv6 address.'.
'Decorator to apply a function to a copy of a clip.'.
'Return a string representation of an expression.
'Test that all roles are deserialized correctly.'.
'Return a naive datetime object with the given timezone.
'Return the request URI from the WSGI environment.'.
'Partitions the entropy of the given inputs by the given attribute.'.
'Computes the minimum distance between nodes in nodes_explored and nodes_explor
'Relu(x) -> np.float(x) DCNL Return a copy of
'Apply a palette to an image.
'Context manager that attempts to restore the effective uid of a user.
'Return a list of all VM stats.'.
'Migrate data dirs to new locations'.
'Load a dataset from a YAML file.
'Parse the xml file and return the result.'.
'Return an iterator over the given value.'.
'Create a remote method for the given request type and response type.'.
'Check if apcaccess is available'.
'Calculates the torrent hash for the given link.
'Remove a file from the filesystem.
'Get the stroke radius.'.
'Return the triangle of the two points.'.
'Get the account info for an application.
'Serializes a controlamp agent to a string.'.
'Prints a message to stderr and exits.
'Get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary.'.
'Return the numerator and denominator of a fractional factorial.'.
'Get the makeopts variable.'.
'Copy a file or directory tree to another directory.
'Returns a dict of (resource, total_reserved) for the given tenant_id and
'Only work on SunOS'.
'Convert an image to a numpy array.
'Returns the indices of the given shape.'.
'Returns True if the given text is a plural.'.
'Return the state name from a state name.'.
'Configure inline support for a backend.'.
'yaml: string DCNL Set the value of the metadata for a string. DCNL :
'Setup logging.'.
'Test subpixel Gaussian 1D model.'.
'Open a file or file-like object.'.
'Returns True if the object is a class.'.
'Handler for backup completion.'.
'Return the value of a range property.'.
'Test CGI output.'.
'Send a notification to a mini application. DCNL Example: DCNL.
'Clean up the metric.'.
'Checks if a file exists in a package.
'Copies the location from old_node to new_node.
'Plot a new evoked figure.'.
'Returns a dict of data that can be used as a hash for DCNL a hash of
'Returns a 2D array of (x, y, z), (x, z)
'Converts a string into an RDataType object.
'Initialize the configuration.'.
'Toggle options'.
'Return the current memory usage in bytes.'.
'Return the product of the given iterables.
'Get paths.'.
'Converts a value to an HTML-escaped string.
'Adds all immutable fields to a packet.
'Adds an external account to the user\'s account.
'Detects changes made by a shippable repository.'.
'Return a list of mailcap files'.
'Generate a list of (offset, count, coord) tuples.'.
'Executes the convergence plan for the given strategy.
'yaml: job-log-logger DCNL Set job_log_log_logger to
'Checks that the given estimator is a valid estimator.'.
'Redirect to the external login page.'.
'Returns the argument unchanged if it is None.'.
'Returns a dict of the user\'s profile details.'.
'Get the version from a file.'.
'Ensure that we have enough semaphores'.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Create an HTTPResponse object for the given generator and format.
'specifier_qualifier_list : qualifier'.
'Map a volume to a single host.
'Converts a value to unicode.
'Traverses the tree starting at start_node using the given filter function.
'Write gif to file.'.
'Return the numeric part of a string.'.
'Get a property from an object.'.
'Add a closed xml tag.'.
'Return arp information from the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Encodes a header value in a string.
'optstep : STEP DCNL | STEP DCNL | STEP DCNL |
'Test multiplication with jd2'.
'Return a list of datetime.date objects for the given date range.'.
'Returns a list of (seq_len, curr_key) for each sequence in the
'Encode an X509_NAME object.
'Force down a service.'.
'Find a namespace by name. DCNL :param name: Name of the namespace to search
'Return a list of partitions for the given disk path.'.
'Returns the category value for the given label.
'Convert an integer to a roman number.'.
'Convert a list of dispatch statements into a YAML string.'.
'Bernoulli samples'.
'Setup the tellduslive client.'.
'Setup logging.'.
'Nested view'.
'Generate a category file.'.
'Return a new local dict with the current state.'.
'Returns the covariance matrix.
'Test uninstalling an editable and pip'.
'cycles a list of items in order to permute the items in the list.
'Returns the number of kilometers between meters, meters, miles and feet.'.
'Returns True if two strings are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Convert a stream to a JBIG encoded stream.
'Returns the cache key for the given account, container and obj.
'Return True if the given token is equal to the given one.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as delay-denial.'.
'Update a device. DCNL :param user_id: The device id to update DC
'Below a polynomial. DCNL Args: DCNL xmin(xs, y
'Change the gid of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get simulated paths.'.
'Return the name of the specified interface.
'Test PyTPM doc example'.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the flow for the given task_id and image_repo.
'Returns the number of hosts for the specified labels.
'Converts a string to a translated field value.'.
'Computes the softmax of a dictionary.
'Given a role name and a language module, return a role function.
'Runs the given command with the given arguments.
'Creates a VLAN interface.'.
'Returns the course enrollment information for the given course.
'Build a URL for the given endpoint.
'Select a command. DCNL :param corrected_commands: The corrected commands DC
'Test new bundle'.
'Make the gettext patterns.'.
'Return a list of all factory modules'.
'Encodes a string to UTF-8.'.
'Returns True if `expr` is a function variable.'.
'Generates a unique request id hash.'.
'Return a new QApplication instance.'.
'Return mapping details'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show a service certificate DCNL CLI Example
'Return the result of the operation.'.
'Test login and logout.'.
'Return the signature for the given secret and list of parts.
'Extract a member from a tar archive to a target path.
'Return the line number of a node.'.
'Return the log level for the given level.'.
'Emits event for user save event.'.
'Packs a message to be sent to the server.
'Get the evaluated expression value.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Set the X layout DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Preprocesses the totals from the head_res and baseline_res.'.
'Return True if item is in in list.'.
'Returns True if the value is less than or equal to arg.'.
'Check if the source file is newer than the target.'.
'Get all instances belonging to a host and node.'.
'Migrates the settings object to the siteconfig object.
'Sign data using the JWT.'.
'Returns the ratio between two strings. DCNL Parameters DCNL s1 : string DCNL
'Wait for vbl to finish.'.
'Compute the fingerprint of a list of files.
'Return the path to a device.'.
'Sort a list of tasks by name.'.
'Returns True if the field is soenoidal.'.
'SaleSource edit'.
'Parses a target URL.
'Returns mezzanine auth settings.'.
'Setup the console logger.'.
'Try to return a URL with the given name if it fails.'.
'Read a btmp file and return a list of events.'.
'Check if source is a flat source.
'Returns a list of interfaces'.
'Return the current time zone.
'Checks if user can add translations.'.
'Test the profile of the printing function.'.
'Expands an integer into an integer type.'.
'Sorts a list of results in alphabetical order.
'Returns the clickthrough rate for the given impressions and clicks.'.
'Try to snap a repository to a snapshot.
'Test the Equality of the solveset.'.
'Checks if the given bucket supports DNS conversion.'.
'Return the number of CPUs running on this system.'.
'Stop logging for a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return etc_hosts information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a string with only one element removed.'.
'Flag type page'.
'Return True if the block is marked as marked as blocked.'.
'Get widget content'.
'Update a compute node or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Checks if the user is authorized to access a group.
'Run the net_device_verification script.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Create a new scratch area view.'.
'Allocate an EIP and release it'.
'Adjust the time delay for the last query.'.
'Creates a web2py database for the given app.
'Find the first occurence of the pattern in the text.'.
'Return the current user'.
'Get text until the dot is found.'.
'Checks if a user has a completion badge for the given course.'.
'Calls `global_authomatic_instance.access`.'.
'Return system information DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test either if an error is raised when the ratio is negative'.
'Enable a service.'.
'Returns a model field name for a model field.
'Skip a fixed-length 64-bit integer.'.
'Add a request to the request queue.'.
'Clones the configuration for a device and emulator.
'Validates a block of tokens.'.
'If logging is not enabled, print a warning.'.
'Returns the email address for the given user_id.
'Read 32bit integer from file.'.
'Check if we are running in Travis PR.'.
'Report the usage of deprecated worker module.'.
'Return the HTML fragment for the given input string.
'Decode a string into a NameID object.
'Get a bucket by id.'.
'List all available upgrades for a given jid DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a function that returns a double type.'.
'Return the total number of seconds since the epoch.
'Return a list of all instance profiles.
'Returns the constant of theano.config.FloatX.
'Sends an opt_in message to the user.
'Return an iterator over the XML nodes of an object.
'Redirect to the create page'.
'Returns the string at the given pointer and size.
'Return a list of roles for a user.
'Return a string representation of a list of strings.
'Test reading raw edf file'.
'Clear all artifacts for a given version.'.
'Return the axis of a and b.
'Setup the netatmo platform.'.
'Checks if the apphook is on a delete page.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of a failed upload validation.'.
'Converts a value to a numpy array.
'Print a warning message to stderr.'.
'Setup the test database.'.
'Yield (host, line) pairs from the popens dictionary.'.
'Returns the name of the new state file for the given zone.'.
'Encrypt stream with the given mode.
'Return a context dict for a document'.
'Load a module and return it.'.
'Test that the API view gets multiple models with multiple M2M models.'.
'Return a list of tokens from a list of symbols.'.
'Create a new egg'.
'Update the location tree for a feature.'.
'Log information about the current message.'.
'Load a module from a file.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Checks if the password matches the hashed password DCNL :param hashed_pass
'Returns a list of metaschemas for the current page.
'Generate the certificate for the given domain DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Given a URL, return a tuple of (username, password) DCNL (username,
'Rotates the encryption key in the given bucket.
'Test ORM bundles'.
'Print a list of leads'.
'Initialize the configuration'.
'Topic delete'.
'Install a Jupyter hook.'.
'Return a list of all cliques in the given graph.
'Return the hub matrix of a graph. DCNL Parameters DCNL g : graph DCNL
'Run a simple WSGI server.
'Load all available account types.'.
'Get masked string.'.
'Return a tuple of (index, value) pairs, where the DCNL missing whitespace is
'Decodes encoded_data and decrypts it with the given key.
'Iterate over all tests in a suite.'.
'Clear a feature from a recipient.'.
'Returns a list of available queues'.
'Load data from a stream.'.
'Deletes all unjustified issues.'.
'Return the path to the Python executable.'.
'initializer : initializer'.
'Catches a database error and returns the new file path.'.
'Clear the cache.'.
'Delete a servicegroup server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Download a file from a URL.
'Strips the default value from a string.'.
'Delete a port DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the current time in seconds since the epoch.
'Return a dict of all networks that are on the minion DCNL Args: DCNL minion
'Return True if the module can be imported.'.
'Return a list of all the glob patterns in the current directory.'.
'Returns True if the current line is the first line.'.
'Find the difference between two files.
'Print the current line number.'.
'Convert an ASCII format to a string.
'Return (name1, name2, name3) tuples for a given name.
'Displays the coin flip.'.
'Returns a datetime.datetime object representing the date of the message.'.
'Check if pkgin is installed'.
'Release the current session and release the lock.'.
'Get combined keywords from text.'.
'show last episode of a series'.
'Check that the given file name is valid.
'Returns a list of column names from the filters.'.
'Ensure that the named service is disabled DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Return the versions of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Clean test files'.
'Return the output of the captured command.'.
'Check if a bucket exists.'.
'Runs a statement with the given globals and locals.
'Converts a locale string to a language string.'.
'Ensure that the given module is in the time cache.'.
'Convert an IRI to a URI.'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Run the linting tool.'.
'Return a list of events for a stack.
'Return the IP address of the LAN host.
'Serialize an object to a pickled string.'.
'Returns True if the given module has configured apps.'.
'Convert a URL to bytes.
'Truncates the title if it\'s too long.'.
'Find a missing edge in a graph'.
'Creates a sum distribution for the given number of samples.'.
'Scan postfix submission line for postfix submission.'.
'Get a social auth user.'.
'Register API routes.'.
'Creates a wrapped model and wraps it in a wrapped model.
'Given a path object, return a dictionary of unknown opt-transitive attributes.
'Delete a repository from the database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the log key for the given match.'.
'Return True if we\'re running on a SmartOS global zone.'.
'Check if the given app is installed.'.
'Get a distribution object from a requirement or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Check if a path is a raw mount point.
'Remove a site from the system DCNL name DCNL The site name to remove DCNL
'Parses a state string into its value.
'Refresh the database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the given path should be included in the given exclude patterns.'.
'Uninstall a package if it isn\'t installed.'.
'Return the volume with the given blockdevice_id'.
'Validates that the given iterables is valid.
'Log out the user. DCNL :param continue_url: DCNL :param outfile
'Return the command to run'.
'Read a chunk of text from a file.
'Get Chmeras from NASTA file. DCNL Args: DCNL seqs
'Check that the ldev is valid.'.
'Return a summary of the exit survey results.'.
'Return a tuple (code, spec) and (code, spec) for the given code
'Encodes input using quopri.'.
'Check if the given path is a setup.py directory.'.
'Return a set of all available distributions for a flocker source path.'.
'Unban a user from a channel.'.
'Get a single version of a module.
'Get cubic path by begin and end.'.
'Get a list of infos for each candidate in the loop.'.
'Return the file descriptor of a file-like object.
'Get the created date of an account DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks if the user has a language set.'.
'Test overlapping slices with wrong mode'.
'Checks that the given text contains the contents of the document.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the keyring.
'Normalize a path. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Return
'<results> -- Displays the results of <results> in <results>.'.
'Adds a friend to the user.
'Restores an integer value.
'Test empty items'.
'Displays the members of a group.'.
'Return a formset with the given arguments.'.
'Return the current user.'.
'Returns the set of LUN IDs that are used for the given mappings.'.
'Returns the SharingStrategy.'.
'Computes the polynomial division of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Calculates the momentcondunboundls of a distribution.
'Get the git changeset.'.
'Expand hierarchy metadata. DCNL :param metadata: dictionary of metadata DCNL :param metadata
'Creates a variable with a weight decay layer.
'Return the status of a monit service'.
'Initialize the database'.
'Flag the given addon. DCNL :param addon: The addon to flag.'.
'Sends an email to a list of recipients.
'Read the data from a temporary iface and return a list of ifaces.'.
'Assert that \'text\' matches \'path\'.'.
'No docutils page'.
'Starts the tracemalloc thread and dumps data to disk.'.
'Grant a privilege to a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Toggle fullscreen mode. DCNL.
'Send an instance update notification.'.
'Find all domain files in a directory.'.
'statement : INDRA Statement'.
'Create a thread. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL :param thread_
'Get the language from the request.
'Get new repository.'.
'Yield (nvitem, name, value) tuples from a list.'.
'Only load if libs is available'.
'Generates an index page.
'Returns the number of votes for the given object.'.
'Bind a floating IP to a device.
'Initialize the local variables in ansible_inv.'.
'Ensure that the wolfe coefficients are valid.'.
'Convenience function to normalize a point.'.
'scenario.from_string ignores commented lines from examples'.
'Moves up or down the stack.
'Create a new class.'.
'Builds the test suite.'.
'Return a unique ID for the current minion.'.
'Convert a list of strings to a dictionary.'.
'Return the path to the Unix socket.'.
'Return a dict of environment variables that can be passed to the user.'.
'Create a zfs storage pool.
'Get a string from a buffer.'.
'Return a random integer from the ID.'.
'Returns the minimum value of a tensor along a given axis.
'Apply a function to each expression in the expression e.
'Return the current request'.
'Convert behave_to_behave_to_cucumber_json to cucumber_
'linear convolution. DCNL Args: DCNL args: list of arguments DCNL
'See :meth:`salt.auth.tool.AuthTool`.'.
'Generates a coinc matrix.'.
'Sleep for a given amount of time.
'Submits all Fedora2 data for a course.'.
'Login and complete view'.
'Helper to reshape values to block shape.'.
'Parse a line of text into a tuple of (line, bool) DCNL (line
'Creates a shared array with the given typecode, typecode, and size_or
'Write a string to a fif file.'.
'Test bulk_insert_dictionaries'.
'Solve two 3D transforms.
'Apply an sls or sls module to a highstate object.
'Helper function to start a response.'.
'Remove a tenant from the flavor access list.'.
'Hides a traceback from the stack.
'Get the AsusWt scanner.'.
'Themes list page'.
'Generate sample indices.'.
'Parse a patch message. DCNL :param msg: The message to parse DCNL :
'Evaluates a model. DCNL Args: DCNL sess: Session DCNL sess:
'Extract all time results from a string.'.
'Get the neighbor configuration for a given neigh address.'.
'Adds resources to the current theme.'.
'Return the variables in ``i`` and ``o``.
'Returns True if the given text has mixed eol characters.'.
'Get the value of a request parameter.
'Return a list of folders in a box.'.
'Insert twist components into the xml element.'.
'Test the equality of theano functions.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid global'.
'Return a legendre polynomial.'.
'Return a list of all available shells'.
'Test blooming.'.
'Print a list of connections between nodes and ports.'.
'Lock a password DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fix the lib64 file in lib_dir'.
'Get rectangular grid.'.
'Convert a file to a new name.
'Iterate over all modules in a directory'.
'Get an integer property.'.
'Get a template by name.
'Mode command. DCNL :param mode: string DCNL :param text_inp
'Get volume by name'.
'Boot the core.'.
'Uninstall a pecl class.
'Override system_resolver.'.
'Checks that the value is a list and splits it into a list.'.
'Return a list of online cpus'.
'Set __file__ attribute on all modules in sys.modules to absolute paths.'.
'Return a list of data nodes in preorder.'.
'Split del_start and del_end into tuples.'.
'Checks if the procedure in gcodetext is a procedure file.'.
'Fixture to create a small push directory.'.
'Returns a list of random colors.'.
'Find an image by name or name.'.
'Choose a shard for the given instance.'.
'Encode a certificate into a base64-jose-encoded DER-encoded DER-encoded
'Map view'.
'Run the test suite.'.
'Adds a user to the request.
'Get the Nginx configurator.'.
'Returns a boolean indicating whether the values are not equal.'.
'Calculates the flat norm of a matrix.
'Wait for a file to be scrubbed.'.
'Returns the default secret key for the AWS account.'.
'Get the validation set from the given training set.'.
'Parse a template string into a dictionary.
'Returns a list of tags'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the target is continuous DCNL type'.
'Sends the robots to the static folder.'.
'Set the x-label of the current figure.'.
'if : if'.
'Return the standard deviation of the values.'.
'Test totodile'.
'Check the output of a lint tool.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Replace random symbols in expr with symbols.'.
'Scans the file for used functions.'.
'Return the ssh configuration for the given host_string.
'Displays the status of the user.'.
'Check the extension attributes of a given class.'.
'Uninstall one or more packages.
'Return grains for locale information'.
'Create an image document.'.
'Clears the database environment.'.
'Checks if user can change the dictionary for the given project.'.
'Concatenate video clips with time mirrors.'.
'Removes all content from the database.'.
'Set the base pre. DCNL :param base: The base object DCNL :param
'Parses a date into a timedelta object.
'Helper function to format a master command.'.
'Test plot_locations'.
'Trains the TensorFlow model.
'Add candidate item to results dictionary.'.
'command : dimension'.
'Return a list of suggestions for the given command.'.
'Read requirements from a file.
'Add a timeframed query manager to the model.'.
'Return a list of all packages for the given mirror.'.
'Generate a config file for the given rules.'.
'Fixture for locmemcache.delete_pattern.'.
'Run pylint.lint.'.
'Helper function to run a command in a container.
'Read a file and return its contents.'.
'Fixture for x509 data.'.
'Return the revision for the current environment.'.
'Get the content of a file.
'Return the script for the specified VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a dict of (lat, lon) : (state, lat, lat, lon
'Return True if the given path is a blacklisted test.'.
'Prints the results of a query.'.
'Convert a character to a unicode character.'.
'Returns a string containing the client\'s exclude directory.'.
'Return the URL for a resource provider.'.
'Change the gid of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the current line number.'.
'Returns a list of composite indices.
'Test symmetricalloglocator.set_params'.
'Iterates over a sequence and calls test_func on each element of a DCNL sequence
'Run a WSGI function.
'Normalize GCE facts.'.
'Read blocks of data from file'.
'Create a topic rule.
'Runs the application.'.
'Split a list of issues into issues and pull requests.'.
'evaluate_standard(op, op_str, a, b, raise_on_
'Get the value of a constant.'.
'Test pootle quality checker'.
'Get complex polygon by start and end angle.'.
'Return a dict of all registered registers DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Enqueue a task to be executed.
'Test the initialisation of the renn object'.
'Return True if the object is a scalar'.
'Create a figure for the cost data.'.
'Return HTML for the given exception and traceback.'.
'Reconstruct a 2x2 block matrix from a reblock matrix.
'Ensure that quteproc should skip and wait for a message.'.
'Test adding a store if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Extend linecache.checkcache with extended checkcache.'.
'Test freeze and exclude editable packages.'.
'Adds a pre-save check for the count and weight of an animal.'.
'Set an attribute if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Create a QColor from an int color.'.
'Apply a rule to each element of the list.
'Check the status of a server.
'Return True if the character is a character in the ws.'.
'Parses synonyms from text.
'Computes the row scale of a matrix.
'Test that the sextractor has the last column array'.
'Return the last access time of a file.'.
'Parses the output of a template into a dictionary.
'Get the S3A access key.'.
'Convert a datetime-like object to an I8 object.
'Show standard icons.'.
'Returns a list of topics for a prospective search.
'Convert a command output to a list.'.
'Return a list of all files in a package'.
'Load a stored item from the cache.'.
'Build resources.'.
'<user> -- Searches for a soundcloud user in <user>'.
'Redirects to the root page if not found'.
'Delete an IPsecPolicy DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the size of a Finder window for a folder.
'Draw landmarks on the image.
'Return data to the database'.
'Return a list of providers that are not loaded'.
'Test that get_nav_help_element_and_click_help is correct.'
'Fake os.open.'.
'Generates a random sentence.'.
'Test chart datasource from dict data.'.
'select ctrlreg'.
'Create EEG elements from list of chs.'.
'Returns the default router.'.
'Compute the sqf part of a polynomial. DCNL Args: DCNL f (str
'Return the ceiling of x.'.
'Return True if the object is writable.'.
'Generate a list of (offset, count, coord) tuples.'.
'Checks if an address is a valid IPv4 address.
'Write a gcode file.'.
'Formats an object as an XML string.
'Create a new scratch buffer.'.
'Return n elements from sequence seq.'.
'Return a copy of the current environment with no coverage.'.
'Returns True if the value is within the range (min_value, max_value)
'Limit the number of CPUs in the network.
'Test hsl to rgb color function'.
'Return the version of dpkg'.
'Test chart classes'.
'Fetch daylight hours from daylight.org'.
'Yields a Track object for the given track_id.
'Only load if vbox is installed'.
'Returns a copy of the current time with respect to the current time.'.
'Computes the dacrange of a given number.'.
'Return a path with a unique suffix.
'Render a template and return a response.'.
'Raises a variable error if the candidate is not found.
'Render a markdown text.'.
'Converts a datetime to the current time zone.
'Parse a date string according to the OnBlog date format.'.
'Executes a pshell command.
'Checks for whitespace before parameters.'.
'Sanitizes a string for use in XML.'.
'Makes validation result from data dictionary.'.
'Get instrument by id.'.
'Kill the containers.'.
'Converts the font size to the given length and unit.'.
'Test heliocentric heliocentric heliocentric hebary.'.
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Split a full version id into a tuple of (server_id, version) DCNL
'Clean up the database.
'CM REACTIVATION REQUEST Section 9.1.17'.
'Creates a new network object.'.
'Create a list of choices from a list of choices.'.
'Return an API client for the given student.'.
'Canonicalize email addresses in changelog.
'Initialize the resource manager.'.
'Determine if a label has a level of the given value.
'Create an image from a list of files.'.
'Verify that a user\'s password matches a hashed password.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Output a header line.'.
'Get the current language.'.
'Escapes a string for use in LDAP URLs.'.
'Watch for revision in locale.'.
'Return the user\'s home directory.'.
'Test update of unit order'.
'Return the status of a service in rcconf DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'This view generates a template that will be used to display the page.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.
'Return the first item in the list of files in the given file.
'Runs commands in parallel, returning a list of exit_status'.
'Unpickle a method.
'Order complex poles by complex conjugate.'.
'pad_length(stringlen) -> int DCNL Return the length of the string to
'Return True if the given path is a device.'.
'Returns the skewness of an iterable.
'Return the current working directory.'.
'Convert a slice to a string.'.
'Test showing all available category links.'.
'Return an IPv4 address with a comma-separated bracket.'.
'Find a bootable volume in the server.'.
'Create a column type.'.
'Autostart the server'.
'Converts a temperature to a floating point number.'.
'Convert a docstring to a dict of function parameters DCNL Args: DCNL func (
'Random split features.'.
'Generate the recommendation data.'.
'Checks that the number of expressions and snippeted fields are within the maximum DCNL allowed
'Expand dimension links. DCNL :param metadata: Metadata object DCNL :param metadata:
'Return a subscript node.'.
'Return a dictionary of error information for each stderr in the matches dictionary.
'Encode a string using base64.'.
'Notify that a list member has been added.'.
'Test hide functionality'.
'Upload a file to a local file system.
'Test projection separations'.
'Create a new HTTP request.
'Clears all databases for the scenario.'.
'Consume n items from an iterator.'.
'Return the webapp global configuration.'.
'Check that the image is mono'.
'Reboot the server DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return True if the named service exists, False otherwise.'.
'Convert a bytes or file to an ElementTree.
'Validates that the given throttle is valid.
'Create a status line for the current terminal.'.
'Raise an HTTPRedirect with the given code.'.
'Setup the tellstick registry.'.
'Create a backup object.'.
'Get the arc distance between the relative location and the split line.'.
'Fetch an image.'.
'Use os.popen instead of os.popen.'.
'Get the default object values from the file.'.
'Returns a dict of exploration summary IDs from a list of models.'.
'Create a Cloud CEN client.
'Raises a warning for theiers.'.
'Get a file from a container.'.
'Write a Python object to a string.'.
'Convert an NDImage mode to an NDImage mode.
'Write a tree diff.'.
'Converts a list of bytes to a bytestring tuple.
'Convert a variable to a softmax.
'Checks if a comma is in the saml private key file.'.
'Checks that the given role is missing in the given folder.
'Return an XMLStreamFactory for the specified component.'.
'Encode a pair. DCNL.
'Gets the system stats for this service.
'Update a follower for a user.'.
'Converts a list of (key, value) pairs into a dictionary.
'Validate the configuration'.
'Computes the gradient of a shared function. DCNL Parameters DCNL f : string DC
'fastq conversion to qual format'.
'Update metadata for a question.'.
'Returns a unique id for a request.
'Return a tuple of IPv4 and IPv6 addresses of the network interface.'.
'Parses the given page into an HTML parser.
'Create a user. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Return the absolute path of the given path.
'Return True if the module is not found.'.
'Assert that the given list of tuples are not the same.
'Converts a model to a model parameters dictionary.
'Ticket edit'.
'Determine if a list of gens is a tuple.'.
'Reset the template info cache.'.
'Returns a MatchType instance for the given expression and operation.
'Test find_eog_events'.
'Return a list of installed fonts.
'Summarize a list of items.'.
'Run the main function.'.
'If the given algorithm is a rational, return the interval of the given DCNL algorithm,
'Set the log record factory.'.
'Add the analyze menu.'.
'Calculates the relative distance between two strings.
'Returns True if the value is an odd number'.
'Convert the theta and radius to the sphere.'.
'Return a double-nibble hex encoding.
'Return a lexer for the given mime type.'.
'forward_char(event) -> string'.
'Creates a Linear TensorFlow initializer.'.
'Skip if any of the given commands exist.'.
'Computes the gradient of the expected energy.
'Converts a date string to a datetime object.
'Ensure xfail is bounded.'.
'Unzip an archive to a temporary directory.
'Test nextitem index error.'.
'Creates a new event object.'.
'Return a list of targets that match the given build file.'.
'Makes a square image from the source image.'.
'Convert absolute path to relative path.'.
'Check for changes in existing and modified attributes'.
'Return a string to join a host to a user.'.
'Load compiler configuration'.
'Read data from a file.
'Only load if ssh is installed'.
'yaml: label DCNL :param registry: The registry object DCNL :param registry:
'Test simple two model classes with shift and scale values'.
'Return the latest version of the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a scope for inception parameters.
'Prints a string with a colored color.'.
'Check if a module is safe.'.
'Returns a random filesystem label for the given test case.'.
'Run the web server.'.
'Return an iterator over all the entry points in the given namespace.'.
'Extract filters from a dictionary.
'Formatter for node text.'.
'Computes the binary crossentropy of output and target.'.
'Setup a light.'.
'Computes the logistic function for the given value.
'Test that _shell_wrap() escapes the command if shell is True'.
'Return valid mine data DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'fit the MCMC distribution DCNL Parameters DCNL sample : array DCNL Sample to fit
'Test reshape function'.
'Given a collection type and a datatype, return a list of sample types.
'Return a list of all mdadm devices DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Retrieves the breadcrumbs for zinnia.'.
'Reads a random integer from a number of bits.'.
'Load settings from file'.
'Chooses the k best fitness cases from a list of individuals. DCNL :param individuals
'Fix the absolute path of the given path.'.
'Converts the given value to the given type.
'Get the state of an EBS volume.'.
'Get the media object associated with the media object. DCNL.
'Get an instance of a model.'.
'Setup the cluster DCNL nodes DCNL list of nodes to use DCNL pcscluster
'Returns a dict of headers to be sent to the client.'.
'Delete a column. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL
'Scan the plugins.'.
'Returns the user settings for the given username.'.
'Get a file or text from a file or text.'.
'Check that the QOS specification combination is valid.'.
'generate_a_indptr(num_states, s_indices, out) ->
'If noqa is not present, return a tuple of (start, end) and (end
'Return the most frequent value in the array.
'Returns the version of the request'.
'Test using a custom environment system environment.'.
'Check if there are conflicts in the list of unmerged paths.
'Returns True if the two arrays are equal.'.
'Load a Markov model from a file.
'Writes a colored text to a list of colors.
'Context manager to temporarily restore stdout and stderr.'.
'Test packagefinder priority over eggfragments'.
'Set default values for rc_file_defaults.'.
'Converts a string to markdown using the given extensions.
'Checks if the name is a valid ABD naming pattern.
'Return the hash of the passwd for the given user, realm, and passwd.
'Rotate an array by 64 bits.'.
'Get the libvlc compiler.
'Get a list of words from a dictionary.'.
'Auto-help directive.'.
'Calculates the square of a polynomial in ``p1``.
'Get lumseries PR650.'.
'Extends a list of spans with a list of (year, spanlen) pairs
'Return True if port is already listening, False otherwise.
'Test display.filelinks on a named temporary file'.
'step_1a(W) -> str DCNL step 1a(W) DCNL
'Prompt the user to open a file.
'Test requote_uri with unquoted percents.'.
'Get the metrics record for the given rectype.'.
'initialise module'.
'Get loop convex.'.
'Parse a todo line and return a tuple of (pos, str) DCNL (pos
'Create an image tag.'.
'Return a list of fid_fname files for the given subject.'.
'Returns the name of a task'.
'Convert a BSON document to a dictionary.'.
'Notify a favorite event.'.
'Filter a list of dictionaries by key and value.'.
'Returns a list of matches of the given type.'.
'Bessel filter. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : ndarray DCNL The data to be
'Check if the given client is a master node.
'Reboot a host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'expression_opt : expression'.
'Format an allowed section. DCNL :param allowed: DCNL :type allowed: string
'Checks if user can lock a project.'.
'Setup a local switch.'.
'Convert a datetime to a W3CTF date string.'.
'Return a list of top-level images in the given imagedata.'.
'Test pipwheel fail cause of previous build directory.'.
'Return an ast.lvalue node.'.
'Delete extra specs for a volume type.'.
'Parse a header line and return a key/value pair.
'Fails with a message.'.
'Return a list of all installed packages.'.
'Returns a list of activity ids subscribed to the given user.'.
'Fresnelc_zeros(nt).'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator'.
'Check if all arguments are valid for the given module.
'Remove an interface from the bridge'.
'Create a subscription and add it to to_delete.'.
'Return True if name is a tar file'.
'Test maxwell filter triangulars.'.
'Sends an email when the user changes the email.'.
'Check if a device exists.
'Check if an episode is in the show.'.
'Test rotations.'.
'Validate a schema file.'.
'Cot(p, x, prec) -> float DCNL Return the derivative of the
'Return the location of the config location.'.
'Decodes a unicode object into a Python dict.
'Given an instance id, return a list of services for that instance.
'Recursive version of api.checkpath.'.
'Test GPU gpu_advanced_subtensor1.'.
'Convert a list of boxes to cartesian coordinates.'.
'Get outer loops.'.
'Test that we can return AWS keys from the environment.'.
'Only load if SSL is installed'.
'Return the link id from a link.
'Convert a binary string to a VNI object.'.
'Return a list of all files in a package.
'Annotate a text clip with a text clip.'.
'Return the context for the given model.'.
'Fetch an image from disk or disk.'.
'Return the maximum value of x.'.
'Returns the language dictionary for the given fortype and name.
'Guess the most common type of a field.
'Initialize the user type completion model.'.
'Return the path to the SSL certificate file.'.
'Generate a colormap from the datad.'.
'Return the contents of a certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Determine the id from a path.'.
'The password reset confirmation page'.
'Find a review request object by id and local_site.'.
'Parses the progress from a resource manager.
'Makes a CTC compensator for the current CTC.
'Return a string with all line breaks removed.'.
'Get the command line arguments.'.
'Converts an integer to a number of bytes.
'Stop dumping tracemalloc.'.
'Complete linkage.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the quota type for the
'Return a list of lines matching the given name and lines.'.
'Language: PTBR.from_string'.
'Returns a message detail page'.
'Check that entry points are valid.'.
'Test installing an editable package from svn.'.
'Record the first event in the onboarding task.'.
'Add a file handler.'.
'Return a list of the delete and reset SQL statements for the given app.'.
'join(a, *p) -> string DCNL Joins a list of absolute paths
'Forks the worker'.
'Rename a process. DCNL.
'Initialize the database.'.
'Extracts a zip archive into a target directory.
'Write a file to a user\'s incrondir DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Read data from HDF5 file and return as list of tuples'.
'Returns an HTML output graph for the given node.'.
'Converts a date object to a date string.'.
'Convert a MCMC object to a Cumulative object.'.
'Install the SSL options.conf file if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return the cache for the given request.'.
'Log an exception to the logger.'.
'Decodes an array using the specified encoding.
'Get the content of a file from a URL.
'Fixture that sets the enterprise_url attribute.'.
'Return True if string is an integer.'.
'Convert a row to a polynomial.'.
'Converts a string to a UTF-8 encoded string.
'Return a list of all available QingCloud sizes for the specified zone.
'Decode a RFC 2231 encoded string.
'Delete a qos spec.'.
'Unzip a file.'.
'Validate the configuration'.
'Add basic options to the option group.'.
'Test output with colorful output'.
'Creates SSL certificates and writes them to a file.
'Creates a return URL for the given base url and query.
'Convert a local path to a canonical path.'.
'Converts a reference to a key value.
'Default callback for zip files.'.
'List meters by project.'.
'Loads a dictionary of variables from a file.
'Get a file or directory type unmodified.'.
'Context manager that ensures that updates are disabled.'.
'Add bottom loop to loops.'.
'Setup the octoprint API.'.
'Convert an aware datetime to a naive datetime.'.
'Runs a WSGI server.'.
'Get the tp class for the given temporalimp.'.
'Load MNIST images.'.
'Test set_linestyle with single dash'.
'Expected simple_two_params __doc__'.
'Dump a list of documents to a stream.
'Fixture to create a prompttoolkit history object.'.
'Delete a draft.'.
'Test Gaussiannb priors'.
'Deletes a URL from the cache.'.
'Return a list of active contexts.'.
'Add a square to the pixel dictionary.'.
'Parse add command line arguments.'.
'Joins a list of rows into a single string.
'Undo all changes in the project\'s history.'.
'Collapse a list of IP objects into a list of IP objects.
'Return the version of nftables DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Redirect to the permission denied page.'.
'Test if a systemd state is started.'.
'Add public keys to the authorized_keys directory.'.
'Return a list of job ids for the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Checks all files in the file store by user.'.
'Expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Test generating context.'.
'Regenerates pyconfig.h in file_paths'.
'Corrects web-specific and revision fonts.'.
'Get the image properties table.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Raise a warning or raise an exception.'.
'Quotes a string for use in shlex.'.
'Write the merge cells to an xml element.'.
'Setup the EnEeanlight platform.'.
'Ensure that all module dependencies are installed.'.
'Validates that all users in a local site exist.'.
'Safe version of m.inv2.vectorized.'.
'Remove files older than the given mtime.'.
'Install a docker plugin.'.
'Create the expected dataframe for factor computation.'.
'Read a cache entry.'.
'Return a sorted dictionary of fields for a given model.
'Expands a dictionary into a dictionary of keys and values.
'Return the configuration of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, playlist section:* DCNL ``addid``
'Builds a traversal traversal spec.'.
'Rocr100 Ratio'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL peered DCNL name DCNL The
'Build a base class object node.'.
'Returns a list of threads for a forum.'.
'Raises an exception if there is an error.
'Remove a package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the Cuckoo analyzer root.'.
'Convert a list of ticks to a date.'.
'Sends an email confirmation to a user.'.
'Get the logical start and end of a line.'.
'Set the settings to closed.'.
'Test that we can convert pixel code to sky'.
'Insert paths into sys.path.'.
'Convert a resource to a table object.'.
'Get the Jinja2 environment.'.
'Renders a template with the best match for the current page.'.
'Test shifted sparktext'.
'item_string : expression'.
'Return a dictionary of field names for all plugins'.
'Validate read preferences tags'.
'Cython version of cascaded_cmp with partial constants.'.
'Serve a file to the remote repository'.
'Rename the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Authenticate to the user.'.
'Converts a string to unicode.
'Compile multiple sources and return a compilation resultset.'.
'A context manager that writes a script to a temporary directory DCNL :param name: The
'Checks if a volume is attached to an instance.'.
'Return True if we\'re running in a dev2 environment.'.
'Close an existing Wift connection.'.
'Parse a patch file and split it into parts.'.
'Get Voronoi loop by point.'.
'List all available services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Ensure that path_object is valid.'.
'Return the evennia version.'.
'Sleep the given number of times.'.
'labeled_statement : statement'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'This function is used to auto-detect the document type.'.
'PAGING REQUEST TYPE 1 Section 9.1.17'.
'Test getting a locale from a language.'.
'Shows a diff dialog and returns True if the dialog was accepted.'.
'Checks if two DNs are equal.
'Disable a module and reload the service.'.
'Returns the platform name for the current platform.'.
'Returns the inversefisher z transform.'.
'Test the SVC implementation'.
'Acquire up to num_available processes for a given process DCNL :param pid_dir
'Get last week dashboard stats for user.'.
'Get the text feedback.'.
'Create a new bookmark collection.'.
'Test the gradient function'.
'Send a message to an XMPP recipient.
'Display the data in a 2D image.'.
'Start a TCP receiver.'.
'Open a firewalld service.'.
'Check if a directory is empty.'.
'Return the URL for a marketing link.'.
'Return True if the test succeeds.'.
'Add a user to the course creator group if granted.'.
'Execute a SQL query and return a list of rows'.
'Run the command-line program.'.
'Search for a field in a string and return its value.'.
'Context manager for capturing output of a stream.
'Checkout a potential branch.'.
'Tag an image in a repository DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Update a quota class.'.
'Get an object or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Return the version of Ceph.'.
'Return a set of all root directories in the given list of base paths.'.
'Grab a gcode linear move file.'.
'Test either if an error is raised when the ratio is negative.'.
'Writes a password to the server\'s password file.'.
'Test adding a module to a submodule.'.
'Return a dict of the usage of unallocated lines'.
'Mocks a software secure POST request.
'Encode an object into a string.'.
'List all available bridges DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the system\'s username'.
'split(s) -> (path, file) DCNL Return (path, file)
'Process the xml element.'.
'Detect the logos in a file.'.
'Return True if we can connect to the given ip/port DCNL CLI Example: DC
'Generates the gradients for the initial and DCNL updated spheres.'.
'Uninstall flocker ubuntu.'.
'LOCATION UPDATING ACCEPT Section 9.1.17'.
'Return the current process.'.
'Convert an image id to a glance id.'.
'Load an environment from a config file.'.
'Stream check mail'.
'Removes all directories under the given path.
'extractallocations(body, schema) -> dict DCNL Extractallocations from
'Return the Python compiler version.'.
'Returns a future that will be executed after the given time.'.
'Returns the number of parameter banks for a given device.
'Return True if remote events are enabled'.
'Get the printz value from a list of lines.'.
'Encrypts the given text using the given public key.
'Ignore request headers.'.
'A wrapper around _aborter that aborts the given status.'.
'Sign up an email'.
'Setting for sdram frequencies'.
'Update the index for a unit.'.
'Plugins group'.
'Test CrossEntropySoftmax1HotWithBias_1HotWithBias_1HotWithBias_1
'Generates a random pwnstaller code for a list of methods'.
'Load an IPython extension.'.
'Check if a dictionary contains a value in the superset.'.
'Ensure that the specified log format is active on the specified server.
'Converts a mpl symbol to a list of strings.
'Inherit the nomination for an addon.'.
'Check for copyright'.
'Runs select.select in a separate thread.
'Returns the local classes of the given node and node2.'.
'Returns a list of fieldsets that should be used to review the request.
'Creates an HTTP client for authorized access to the given credentials.
'Adds an etag to the response if it exists.'.
'Run a job. DCNL :param job: The job to run DCNL :param
'Splits a dictionary into a pair of (key, value) pairs.
'Return a list of all data files for the given vendor_libs.
'Create java_fat_library target.'.
'Deactivate all translations.'.
'Convert a list of RGB colors to RGB components.
'Returns the response body for the given data_format, data_dict, and error_
'Returns a list of integers where each element in the list is the minimum of the DCNL
'Return a list of word relationships.
'Delete a task. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Get the size of the entry for the given set type.'.
'Returns True if the given text contains any ajax-crawlable meta data.'.
'Parse a schema resource.'.
'Converts a string to a plain text string.
'Return the current session configuration.'.
'Convert a QEMU format to a QEMU format.
'Clean up assets'.
'Returns a copy of the current configuration keys.'.
'Get the unicode output of a given stream.
'Checks if the user\'s email address is unique.'.
'Find an executable in the given path.
'Get tags for a node.
'Returns wx.EmptyImage with piltowx data.'.
'Invalidate the star import cache for the given path.'.
'Return the number of connected devices.'.
'Check if a symlink exists'.
'Get the largest inset loop from the loop.'.
'Bump version.'.
'Configure new mappers.'.
'Returns the inverse of an image.'.
'verify views'.
'Choose a number of lines from a source string.
'Returns True if the given array is a sparse series.'.
'Return True if the named service is disabled.'.
'Queues the list of themes that are currently active.'.
'Update Google Analytics search metrics.'.
'Get the filesystem size.'.
'Configure the Elastic Engine firewall.
'Return a unique variable for the given pattern.
'Return an iterator over all modules in the specified directory.
'Returns a dictionary of information about the given block device.
'Set the copyright and credits for this module.'.
'Returns the variable count error string.'.
'Create a tasklist extension.'.
'Returns True if the value is True'.
'Convert a gray list to a binary string.'.
'Returns a descriptor system that can be used for testing.'.
'Add a list of paths to the list of paths to test.
'Checks ownership of an object.
'Convert a size string to an integer.'.
'Decorator to provide the metadata for the given function.'.
'Set the DNS address for a DHCP interface DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the user name for the current user.
'Returns the content type of a listing request.
'Convert a Pandas DataFrame to an int64 epoch.'.
'Returns True if x and y are equal, False otherwise.'.
'Read a user choice from a list of options.
'Parse a single TCP line into a dict.'.
'Get the generator and prime of a kex algorithm.'.
'Get an encryptionacle object for the given secret.
'Removes all templates from the project repository.'.
'Determine the user-agent for the certificatebot application.'.
'Rebuild the KB for the current document.'.
'Test regression futures times 4302.'.
'Returns a random text string.'.
'Setup sudoers.'.
'Compare two constant time strings.
'Main entry point for the Github CLI.'.
'Formats a value as a string with the given argument.'.
'Return the full path of the test file.'.
'Calculate the average weight of a path.'.
'Choose the xmodules from the entry points.'.
'Decode a thumbnail. DCNL >>> decode_thumbnail(\'thumbnail\', \'thumbnail
'Start the main loop.'.
'Process the buffer incr.'.
'Get a quote from a nick'.
'Convert a deferred object into a deferred object.'.
'Test glcontext'.
'Get reverse primers from mapping file DCNL mapping_fp DCNL mapping_fp:
'Convert a list of language names to a dictionary of language codes.
'<text> -- paste <text> using plpaste.'.
'Create a RWX string for the given mode.
'Create groups'.
'Return the value of a file or None if it does not exist.'.
'Create a new role DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the object is writable.'.
'Test flattener layer state separation with softmax.'.
'Finds and instantiates the Discovery component.'.
'Post processing of a group.'.
'Raise an attribute error with the given message.'.
'Return a function that automatically translates the given SQLAlchemy dialect.'.
'Remove a service or check from a module.'.
'Set plugin options.'.
'Get the loop layers set.'.
'Fill the sample data file with all kinds of data'.
'Get the local attribute value string.'.
'Converts data to a mobify image.'.
'Test the initialization and reference of a multi-dim table'.
'Initialize the plugins.'.
'Return a list of all serials in the storage2 database.
'Modify a profile. DCNL hostname DCNL The hostname of the profile to modify. DC
'Return the currently logged-in user, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Copy and upload the app backup file to the specified storage.
'Add test result to skipped list.'.
'Context manager for creating an instance of a subsystem.
'Lock the system DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generates the java test coverage flag.'.
'Get the value of a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Delete an image property.'.
'Delete a logger. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Remove ANSI characters from a string.'.
'Return a tuple of the shape of a list.'.
'Checks that the host exists and connects to it.
'Create or update the data directory DCNL :param directory: The path to the directory to
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if a device is in a certain minor number.
'Bootstrap a bot.
'Start the named VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Republish a task. DCNL Parameters DCNL producer : Task DCNL producer : Task
'Return the selectbracket plugin.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Test download implementation.'.
'Get the distance between the lines between the given paths.'.
'colordiff(a, b, highlight=True) -> (unicode, unicode) DC
'Get the location of an object.'.
'Show an error message. DCNL title DCNL title DCNL title DCNL The title
'Test fit and sample routines'.
'Test ORM columns'.
'Return a list of binary IP addresses from a string.'.
'Ensure that the lock is acquired.
'Return a set of top ids from a list of segmented topics.'.
'Merges a dictionary into another dictionary.
'Convert an rgb to HSV format.'.
'Initialize the client test suite.'.
'Test config formatting'.
'Return a list of path traversals.'.
'Temperature a gcode linear move text.'.
'Get a flavor by flavor id.'.
'Converts an object to a JSON string.
'Test installing from a broken wheel.'.
'Add a new group DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a list of CPU times for the current process.
'Return a list of all cache clusters.
'Test file encodings'.
'Raises an error if the sanity of the configuration is different from DCNL
'Get resource sample.'.
'Reset password view'.
'Validates the methods of the given plugin class.'.
'Set a ctid or name DCNL ctid_or_name DCNL ctid
'Create a CSR for the given domains.
'Return the os_id for the given uname function.
'Yield datasets from the given deployment.'.
'Check if dependencies are available on the driver.
'Parse a JSON response.'.
'Set the state of a package'.
'Try to run the given functions in the given object.
'Converts a string into a unicode object.
'Enable theming.'.
'Load a JSON document from a file.
'Return the value of `key` in `args` or `None`.'.
'Convert a pachi_py.Py coordinate to an action.
'Check ifconfigtest'.
'Returns the disk bus for the given device.
'Set up the traditional scsgate switches.'.
'Create a widget object for the given module and widget name.'.
'Return a pretty-printed version of any element in a dictionary.'.
'Returns the hyperbolic tangent of an array DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DC
'Print a matrix as a simple string.'.
'Replaces all unnamed groups in a pattern.
'Return True if _dir is a theme directory.'.
'Get the helix path.'.
'Check if a module is loaded.'.
'Call a function with the given arguments.
'Return True if temp exists, False otherwise'.
'Get a role by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Move a file from srcfile to destfile.'.
'Return the first item in the iterable that matches func in the DCNL iterable.
'Convert a version string to a version object.'.
'Attempt to locate a file in the specified search paths.
'Execute a runner command DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Formats a file size in bytes.
'Return the postfixes of a sequence.'.
'Returns a list of profilers that match filter_data.'.
'Check if the CUDA is available.'.
'Return a list of all objects'.
'max(s) -> float DCNL max(s) DCNL max(s)
'Returns a random integer of the given shape.'.
'Return a requests session'.
'Returns True if the user has permission to access the given document.
'Return the set of enabled quotas.'.
'Creates a Vt100Output object from the given stdout.'.
'Create a new namespace DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get an attribute from an object.'.
'Return the hash of the given content.'.
'Read a file and return its contents.'.
'Test reset in length'.
'Return the argument spec to be used for retrying.
'Return the plurality of a list of objects.
'unary_expression : unary_expression'.
'Saves a model to the database.
'Return a dict of the attributes of an Anova resource.'.
'Create a mininet with intf options.'.
'Computes the loglikelihood and the likelihood of x and sigma DCNL x:
'Takes a sequence of integers and returns the largest of the elements in the sequence.
'Initialize the comparison process.'.
'Create a Query from a datastore_pb.Query.'.
'Return a list of all available groups DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Raise an exception if the api_version is not a major version.'.
'Return the minimum value of the copula.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Parses a header and returns a tuple (key, value) DCNL (key,
'Search for LXX bridges.'.
'Reraises a new exception with the given traceback.
'Subscribe a document to a tree.'.
'Return True if the system is running under virtualenv.'.
'Trace the given data into an HTML parser.'.
'Test meshdata function'.
'Given a path to a pattern, return the path to it.
'Get the inventory from di'.
'Compute the targets.'.
'Converts a float or None to a string.'.
'Set the VLM mux. DCNL.
'Encodes a string using base64.'.
'*musicpd.org, tracklist section:* DCNL ``add(track
'Converts a list of params to a dict of params and schemas.'.
'Create a docker client.'.
'trial(factors, candidates, verbose=False) -> (trial(n, candidates
'Returns True if the requested fields are present in the profile image.'.
'Knowledge folder delete'.
'Decode a cookie. DCNL :param cookie: The cookie to decode DCNL :param
'Demonstrates the recursive Descent parser.'.
'Iterate over all tests in a test suite.'.
'Returns the protocol to use for the current user.'.
'Delete documents from an index.
'Check if no log log is present.'.
'Test bad commandline option'.
'Generates a dictionary mapping file paths to mtimes.
'Return a list of skipped modules and a list of tests.'.
'Copy stat from src to dst.'.
'Generate a zone configuration file.'.
'Index view'.
'Download a file if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Converts a URI into a normalized URI reference.
'Return a list of color names'.
'Converts a string to lower case.'.
'Test the chain type.'.
'Persist a value to the minion configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Detect the best known distro'.
'Add a check or service to a module.'.
'Print the contents of an object as a pprint.
'Returns a list of exploreitem objects from a list of explorer ids.'.
'Create credential resolver.'.
'Return the name of the user field for a profile.
'Remove variants from an address.
'Converts a language string to a locale string.
'Fixes the review count of the local site profiles.'.
'Validate a file against a listed list of files.
'Test the html rendering of the messages'.
'Convert an internal date string to a tuple.'.
'Construct the came_from environment variable.'.
'Remove a sender key from the connection.'.
'Merges a list of sequences into one.
'Convert a 2D array to a 2D array.
'usage: lixian export-urls'.
'Remove version from href'.
'Send notification after invoice purchase.'.
'Verify a file against the verifier.'.
'Setup the Flask app.'.
'Context manager to restore the state of the warning tests.'.
'Encodes unicode_data to the given encoding.
'Return True if the string s is positive within a threshold.'.
'Set the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps.
'Return a list of repos'.
'Return True if we are running in a local environment.'.
'Returns a list of users'.
'Return the name of the OS tray'.
'Clean up an instance.'.
'Flatten a list of nested dictionaries into a list of nested dictionaries.
'Get the default profile image URLs.'.
'Return a copy of a dictionary with keys and values reversed.'.
'Match keys in a dictionary with a prefix.
'Return the stream to use for proxy requests.'.
'Ffft_out_chunks(a, n, axis) -> list DC
'Get a configuration parameter from a file DCNL filename DCNL The filename of the file to
'Remove a configuration file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns True if the given group_id_or_name is an effective group.
'Return True or False depending on events'.
'Return a list of messages from the server.'.
'Takes an array and transposes it inplace.
'Returns the permission config key for the given view.'.
'Prompt for admin cookie.'.
'Parses a machine string into a tuple of (user, password, port) DCNL
'Return a range of integers between start and end.'.
'Get the style value.'.
'command : LET'.
'Describe a role. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Record the usage of a ratelimit.
'Move a list of tables to the database.'.
'Assert that a == b.
'Return the version of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test appending to raw data.'.
'Return the square root of ``f`` in ``K[x]``.
'Return the name of the latest package.
'Converts a path to lower case.
'Cancels a card hold.'.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Creates a lock if it does not exist.
'Expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__'.
'Main entry point.'.
'Test PackageFinder detects latest already satisfied dependency links'.
'Set the hostname of the device.
'Return a dictionary of all the daemons flags'.
'Computes the iqr of the given xs.'.
'Return True if the certificate is valid.'.
'Get a value from a collection DCNL :param ind: DCNL :param lazy
'Prepare the APT.'.
'Converts a search torrent to JSON.
'Percentile(a, q, interpolation) -> array DCNL Return a dask array with
'Returns True if a is sorted as ascending'.
'Run the server and wait for it to finish.
'Get a validator by name.'.
'Get the credentials for libvirt'.
'Returns the vtk version.'.
'Returns the value as a positive integer.
'Setup the KNX tunnel.'.
'Block reduction. DCNL Parameters DCNL inputs : list of inputs DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Return the zone with the given domain name.'.
'Render PEP440 pieces.'.
'Lists all available designs for a user.'.
'Encode a string using Base64.'.
'Creates a new database.'.
'Compute the stenergy entropy of a frame.
'Process the xml element by manipulationFunction.'.
'Get standby timeouts for a given scheme.
'Remove a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validates that the value is not blank.'.
'Return a ctypes function that returns a ctypes pointer.'.
'Read the clips from the given data.
'Create a new cloud monitoring client.
'Find a health check by name'.
'Generate test files.'.
'Checks to see if the given session is woken by a wake-stuck flow
'Get version data from the server'.
'Get the platform token.'.
'Parse a string into repeat, format, option, and option.'.
'Returns the content item as a dictionary.'.
'Build a graph from a list of files.'.
'Connect to Facebook.
'Run a command on an X11 tunnel.
'Rounds a number up to ndigits digits.
'Return True if distribution is a ubuntu distribution.'.
'Displays a snippet of critical checks.'.
'*musicpd.org, playlist-info section:* DCNL ``playlist
'Normalizes a column to a list of values.
'Install an addon\'s requirements.'.
'Load an application from a file.
'Configure the cloudpipe.'.
'Returns a datetime object for the given date and time components.'.
'Return a list of tracks for the given track id.'.
'Returns a list of all roles'.
'Returns True if the driver is compatible with the given interface.'.
'Test ASCII fancy'.
'Return the cache for the current session.'.
'Get the solrctl directory.'.
'Reexecs the system\'s executable if it is running as Nt service.'.
'Use OSLO logger.'.
'Test uninstall before upgrade from URL'.
'Returns True if the given release name contains bad releases.'.
'Return the image from the cloud provider'.
'Returns a list of series shows matching the given name.'.
'Find the masterkey and ticket for the given bridge.'.
'Return True if the expression is a square-squared expression.'.
'Convert a parsed URL into a CGI dictionary.'.
'Generates a RST file from the source directory.
'Return a list of backup files for the given backup_info object.
'Returns ``True`` if ``f`` is negative in ``K[X]
'Return a list of the basis for the given graph.
'Clears the environments and lexer caches.'.
'Token: newline'.
'Get the preview image.'.
'Return the style definition for an element.'.
'Emit an event for a bookmark event.'.
'Return the installer for the given module.'.
'Get the location from the context.'.
'Blurs the image using Gaussian blurring.
'Import a module and return the docstrings.'.
'Return a list of full names for each person in record_ids DCNL :param record
'Test format priority output'.
'Returns a list of all elements of actual and expected. DCNL :param actual: The
'Load a certificate from the given data.
'List all the snapshots on the specified domain.
'Get the argument specification of a function.'.
'Returns a list of roles for the given user.
'Setup the module.'.
'Returns makesandboxonprod response'.
'Computes the square root of a tensor.
'Returns a queryset of all available access attempts.'.
'Returns the absolute number from the show and season and episode.'.
'Find the ISO SR reference for the given session.'.
'Exports frappe languages as JSON'.
'Ensure that the licenses are inserted.'.
'Account view'.
'Computes the polynomial of ``p`` in ``m``.
'Get the orientation of the image.
'Cancel a primitive value in a polynomial.'.
'Swaps memory with psutil.'.
'Update the SSL configuration.'.
'Returns the short name of a URI.'.
'Execute a command on the remote host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Remove uuids from the database.'.
'Validate the handlers.'.
'Given a path to a kernel, return the path to the kernel.'.
'Create a TCP socket. DCNL Args: DCNL port: The port to connect to
'Load statsmodels datasets.'.
'Create a file at the given path.'.
'Create a dssp dictionary from a pdb file.'.
'Chuang-f3 function. DCNL :param list individual: A list of
'Get the user secrets manager.'.
'Split a string into (object, value) tuples.
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'Ensure that a directory exists.
'Returns a list of (low, high, low + size) tuples of sizes
'translate_matrix((a, b, c, d, e, f)) ->
'Rename a key. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Start viewer for given filename'.
'Return a test suite.'.
'Convert an rgb string to 256 format'.
'Decodes an IPv4 address. DCNL.
'Decorator for instrument declaration of a class.
'Main entry point.'.
'Get the disk size of a VM DCNL :param vm_: The VM to load
'Main entry point'.
'Uploads a summary to the report store.
'Return True if the given octet is the same as the octet'.
'Evaluate a batch of feeds using op_to_evaluate.'.
'Return the difference between two sympy objects.
'If a release is published, promote it to the latest version.'.
'AiohttpClient mock'.
'Create a cloudpipe.'.
'Make all directories under the given path.'.
'Return a storage connection.'.
'Index view'.
'Update the last activity for the user in the course team membership if it exists.'.
'Return a request layer from the given configuration.'.
'*musicpd.org, playing game section:* DCNL ``crossfade
'Writes data to a file.'.
'Generate a random asset metadata object.'.
'Runs binskim on the given name and returns the result.
'Return the number of followers of a user.'.
'User view'.
'Populate the collectors in the given column directory.'.
'Recursively imports the module at the given path and returns a list of modules.
'Returns a human-readable label for a Django model field.
'Test either if an error is raised when X and Y is different from NCR.'.
'Return the auth module.'.
'filter(l, item) -> list DCNL Return a list of items that are not
'Return True if the namespace is visible in the context.'.
'Get the heightgrid from the start.'.
'Calculate the div operator.'.
'Returns a directory browser'.
'Set the current time zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns the bug report for the current application.'.
'Jump to the previous window.'.
'Return the power of a monomial with a power of n.'.
'Returns the svn revision for the given path'.
'Use pexpect to disable paging.'.
'Returns a function that can be used to track a task.'.
'Reverse a view. DCNL Parameters DCNL viewname : string DCNL viewname DC
'mkfs(root, fs_format, fs_opts) -> None DCNL
'Return a list of all mock games in the given path.'.
'Given a list of domains, return a list of valid domains.
'Raises an exception if the given object is not unique.'.
'Get a virtual interface by instance_uuid and network_id.'.
'Returns a tuple of (service_client_id, service_client_id) for
'Return the absolute path of the given relative path.
'Returns a JSON list of objects that are auto-complete.'.
'Check if VS is in complete'.
'Find the disk for the given virt DOM.'.
'Encode the given image in the given model.'.
'concat(url, args) -> string DCNL Concatenate url with args'.
'Returns the status of a login token.'.
'Assign a random category to the resource.'.
'Install the given mpt'.
'Write a fake ring to a file.'.
'Check if papachan is available.'.
'test_rz()'.
'Init afflayer parameter.'.
'Generate a list of projects for the given path.'.
'Get the tag name of an element.'.
'Create a task filter.'.
'Create a spyder action.'.
'Return the index of a and b.
'Parses a signed request.
'Recursively merges a map into a new mapping.
'Producer a function on an object'.
'Return the absolute path of the given path.
'Convert a node list to an edge list.
'Checks to see if the quota for the given image is greater than DCNL the given
'Patch the search document with the given id and update it in the index.'.
'Auto-up the history or previous completion.'.
'Ajax listing of user\'s locations'.
'Get the triangles for a given grade.'.
'Test set_params'.
'Break a simple sub-text.'.
'Return the encoded hash of the given SHA.
'Worker that pushes all raw buffers to ft_client'.
'Return a list of tokens that are not stopped.'.
'Resource factory method'.
'Returns a set of words for a given page.'.
'Return whether the given doc has controller permissions for the given type.
'Add a list of query parameters to the query string.'.
'Corrupt a number of bytes in a string.
'Converts a string to a file path.'.
'Returns a cleaned up classification network.
'Returns a list of paths from a list of items.
'Return the summarization of a string.'.
'Return the absolute path of the repository with the given name.'.
'Test video embedding.'.
'Stop dumping processes'.
'Round a rectangle.'.
'Gethold from line, if full is True, else None'.
'Find the central directory in the zipfile and return it.'.
'Update an image or raise if it does not exist.'.
'Returns a fieldinfo object for the given model.'.
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type and parsed_ranges
'Return a dictionary of block overrides for the given CCX.'.
'Verify the checksum of a buffer.'.
'Generates a discrete sequence of length n.
'Create an SMTP rule.'.
'Returns a human-readable time string for the given number of seconds.
'pointer : pointer'.
'Returns a list of lines that should be skipped based on the options.'.
'Create a new wrapper for the given model.
'Returns a unique id for a user.
'Show details about a keypair.'.
'Modify a list of tags in a node.
'Only load if LDAP is installed'.
'Create a node'.
'Create the Sphinx extension.'.
'Display the mw info.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Converts a multidict to a dictionary.
'Bind a context variable to a user.'.
'Minimize a trust function using the cgsteihaug subproblem.'.
'Return CX ORM request'.
'Get a set of test targets for each client.
'Return the item at index i, if it exists, otherwise return default.'.
'Permute a list. DCNL >>> permute([1, 2, 3]) DCNL >>>
'Test shared float32 constructor'.
'Loads a vmodel.
'Get thelipped loop path.'.
'Kill the old process'.
'Returns the L1 norm of a tensor.
'Encode a list of items using urllib.urlencode.'.
'Write an external book rel element.'.
'Get the divmod function.'.
'Returns events with the same mask as mask_type.
'nands()'.
'Only load if cx-oracle is installed'.
'Write data to a file.'.
'The spam page'.
'Adds a collarshaft.'.
'Converts a slug to a string.
'Update the old plan and execute instructions.
'Create a node'.
'Validate a string list'.
'Returns the local resource URL for a block.
'Get the current language.'.
'Create a feature list from a list of float64 values.'.
'Tracker for null error messages.'.
'Create a new client log URL for the given request.
'Get the carving from the parser.'.
'Returns a list of human readable labels for the given synsets.'.
'split_surds(expr) -> list DCNL split_surds(
'Find the maximum occupancy node in a list of directories DCNL :param dir_list:
'Returns the Hessian of the given matrix.
'Removes tags from a string.'.
'Check if a device is a valid partition.
'Moves a file and symlinks it to another file.'.
'Make a row key scan.'.
'Get tags by instance uuid.'.
'Return the backend configuration.'.
'Find a notifier for an object.
'Get a list of snippets by filename and function name.'.
'Create a new course.'.
'Lift a function into an lifted loop.
'Get the version of a file DCNL path DCNL path DCNL path to the file
'Return the hash of the OpenSubtitles file at path.
'Lookup the CNAME for the given domain.
'Setup the USPS sensor.'.
'Run the salt-spm command.'.
'Return the address of an organisation'.
'Checks that exclusive options are valid.
'Add a node to the cluster DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return information about a certificate DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new signing keyset.'.
'Only load if the module is installed'.
'Record the result of an exchange operation.
'Test mean absolute error function'.
'Create a readline bridge.'.
'Add serializer errors to field_errors dictionary.'.
'Build a map of initiators to target_wns.
'Change the name of the command table.'.
'Return a Finder instance from the given import path.'.
'Get the Legenlut accurate.'.
'Download a file from the given origin to the given destination.'.
'Add a user to the data store.
'Create a list of slices.'.
'Removes a prefix from the beginning of a string.
'Create a named temporary file.
'Load a multi-database from a gb file or handle.'.
'Return a list of newest pep pages.'.
'Returns a list of all the elements of a sequence.
'Unpack a source string into caveat and polished.
'Create a fork process from a list of command-line arguments.
'Compute the sympydecorrelation of a vector w.'.
'Detach a volume DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Read a CDF file from the given directory.
'Generate a random secret.'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Create a string buffer.
'Helper function to get and verify data sizes.'.
'Module index page'.
'Return a warning message for the given exception.
'Build a list of matching conditions for the given doctype.'.
'Return a tuple of units, units, and spheroid for a given SRID.
'Sanitizes the redirect_to argument for a given host.'.
'Precomputest windows.'.
'Calculates the average precision for the given y_true and y_score.
'Clear the cache.'.
'Create a new group type.
'Compute the linear roots of ``f``.
'Creates a diff between two objects.
'API: accepts output'.
'Set the date number from the given string.'.
'Return True if the object is hashable.'.
'Return a list of available extensions'.
'Show the options'.
'Convert a resource to a Variable object.'.
'Parse the remainder argument into a string.'.
'Build a Wedge text source from a DataFrame.'.
'Parse a trusted root path.'.
'Print the help message.'.
'Create a package with the given name in the given project.
'Request a job run'.
'Get the style map for the given node.'.
'Return a query object for a thing'.
'Return the alias name for the given class.'.
'Returns the squared difference between two vectors.'.
'Parse the SQLAlchemy table schema.'.
'Represent an ACL value in a string.'.
'Return a list of popular URLs.'.
'Commits the current connection to the database.'.
'Yield an iterator over all available windows services.'.
'Returns whether or not the user is following the given dataset.
'Return the status of a VM or a task from the given state.
'Delete a tenant DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the temporary directory for the Galaxy test.
'Return a list of all enabled services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test popup injection'.
'Set the user\'s gid.'.
'Destroy an instance.'.
'Returns the API version.'.
'Return a list of path names for the current project.'.
'Return the filename for the makefile.'.
'Returns a technical 500 response.'.
'Return an iterator over the elements of a sequence.
'Collapses a message envelope into a soap envelope.
'Remove the test database from the test directory.'.
'Flatten a nested dict into a nested dict.
'Returns a list of strings as a sequence of unicode strings.'.
'Return the package data as a dict'.
'Create a new SwigLibrary target.'.
'Convert a string to a format dictionary.'.
'Get the loops in descending order of area.'.
'Unescape doctests in text.'.
'Returns a public email address.'.
'Generate a UUID from the MD5 hash of a namespace and name.'.
'Set the value of a switch.
'Replace keys and values in docstring with values in opts.'.
'Default tax handler.'.
'Helper function to measure a list of tables.'.
'Read the head of a git repository'.
'Return (token, stts[tag]) for a given token and tag.'.
'Remove all occurrences of \'remove\' from \'text\'.'.
'Update parent status'.
'Group all open and close tokens in a list by opening and closing.'.
'Get the minimum of two complexes.'.
'massage metakeys from a dictionary DCNL :param dct: dictionary DCNL :
'sample(f, *var_args) -> sample(f, *var_args
'sw(action, a, b) -> list of songs'.
'Stop a service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validates that an update is valid.
'Copy or rename a transcript.
'Raise an exception if the given name is not in the given safe characters.'.
'Set the http wrapper.'.
'Return data to the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Check if arguments are valid.'.
'extract from i18n'.
'Get new repository.'.
'Return the version tag.'.
'Grab a gcode linear move file.'.
'Ensure that the named cluster is present.
'Sends a signal to the device.
'Return ``s`` with \'n\' dedented.
'Get the client and key for a given server.'.
'Returns a Manager class from a Django engine.'.
'Show the details of an instance.
'Generates a random date time for a cron job.
'Context manager that runs the profiler in a context manager.'.
'Create a temporary file name.
'Check all auth identities'.
'Returns a list of all gens that have a free symbol.'.
'Find a host by uuid.'.
'Compare a list of optimizers using bench_optimizer.'.
'Service all the messages in the stack.'.
'Return a new class with the given attributes.
'Unpack a cli argument.'.
'Split digest authentication data into a list of values.
'Vertical sobel on a vertical line'.
'Update an instance\'s database.'.
'Validate the config'.
'Return True if requesting_user can access self blocks.'.
'Only load if boto is available'.
'Test jsonreport output with no errors'.
'Order assignment page'.
'Checks if the given file_contents is an AST node.
'Cleans a multiline string.
'Validates that the arguments passed to the skipna function are valid. DCNL Args:
'Convert a string to a namespace string.'.
'Test the length of the bootstrap function.'.
'Update the Glance metadata for a snapshot.'.
'Return a list of mounts DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return information about a BTRFS device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test DeepBases with independents'.
'Return the platform to use for distutils.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Returns a dict of (property_name, value) pairs where (property_name,
'Raise an exception if the given path is too large to be DCNL larger than the
'Get the details for the given options.etag.
'Create a new signing keyset.
'Get the closest remaining screening loop.'.
'Create a new column property that is deferred for the given columns.'.
'Write unpaired read.'.
'Return a list of dicts of the pages in the given BeautifulSoup soup
'Return the name of the database file in the given filename.
'Compile a pattern to a compiled regular expression.
'Return the version of a BCE address.'.
'Takes a dictionary and converts it to a dictionary.
'Create a new user'.
'Test to ensure that the file mode is kept in the managed file mode.'.
'Return the first configured instance.'.
'Get all ancestors of the given pe_id'.
'Test the initialization of a cookie jar.'.
'Decrypts the given data with the given key.
'Load the results directory from the given package_dirpath.
'Return the URL to redirect to.
'Return a list of all comments'.
'split_list(l, n) -> list DCNL Split a list of lists into
'Move the entry to the unblocked list.'.
'Process a bitmap.'.
'Demangle a file name.'.
'CONFIRMING CONTROL Section 9.1.17'.
'Return the interface for the given host.'.
'calc_gc_content(sequence) -> float DCNL Calculates the GC content of
'Create a new security group rule.'.
'Return a list of rewritten URIs for the given providers.'.
'join(base, *paths) -> absolute path DCNL Joins a list of paths
'Helper function to calculate the q for a given pi, k, w, codon_
'Returns the best fitness and quality parsed for the given mime_type.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Adds two dictionaries by key.'.
'Check if the subdomain is valid.'.
'Return True if all tenant names are present in the search options.'.
'Return a list of tuples where each element in tup is greater than or equal to
'A context manager that applies a mode to the current context.
'Create a three-dimension scatter plot.'.
'Test that a value error is raised when non-2dim is set'.
'Return a rectangle with the given color.'.
'Send a message to a backend.'.
'Send an alarm message.'.
'Ensure that we don\'t have a test function'.
'Get a photometer by name.'.
'Associate a fixed IP pool.'.
'Add the help page to the menu.'.
'Check if the data is a valid LRC check.'.
'Makes a paginated API response.'.
'Setup the coordinator driver.'.
'Return the GPU data from netbsd'.
'Use pcap to disable selecting.'.
'Test that lettuce.exceptions._import raises an exception'.
'Return the path to the data directory for a component.'.
'Disassociate an API key from a list of stage keys.
'Transform an exponential-like polynomial in ``G(x)``.
'Open a local file or directory.
'Compare two versions. DCNL >>> version_compare(\'1.0\', \'1.0
'Returns True if the current figure is interactive.'.
'Attach issue custom attributes to each object of the queryset.
'Get the script name from the WSGI environment.'.
'Search for a text using Sprot search DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a new site.
'Encodes text using maximal percent encoding.'.
'Returns a list of recommends for the given user.'.
'Adds _changed_fields to the user.'.
'Given a play object, return an ordered dict of player IDs'.
'Get client options.'.
'Get the overhang span.'.
'Return the label for the x axis.'.
'Main entry point'.
'Returns the default time zone.
'Return the relative URI from base to to.'.
'Return the value of a string element in the config.'.
'Log a meeting link.'.
'Get reference to a virtual machine by name.'.
'Load gradient boosting model.'.
'Sends a confirmation to the preregistration user.'.
'Execute a Wikipedia search and return a list of results.
'Return a list of all registered rapidsms handlers.
'Converts tune2fs_dict to mkfs_option dictionary.'.
'Checks if the given field is unique.'.
'expandvars(p) -> string DCNL Return a string of the form ``p`
'Ensure that the named attribute exists in the context.
'Pre-prediction function. DCNL >>> pre_prediction(stream, predictor, columns
'Return a list of all the synopsis for a given module.
'Returns True if the given short number is possible for the given region.
'Context manager that temporarily disables sys.excepthook.
'Determine if the OS is running on this minion'.
'Calculate the norm of the brightness of two RGB images.
'Redirect to the specified number of times.'.
'Return a branch of a list of expressions.'.
'Determine the device type from the model.'.
'Returns a list of arguments for the given function.'.
'Test operator export'.
'Return True iff contains softmax.'.
'Update the viewer'.
'Process the xml element by derivation.'.
'Convert a size string to bytes.'.
'Return True if the module should be skipped.'.
'Sends an email to a list of recipients.
'Test to ensure that we don\'t fix an object'.
'Computes the audio left and right functions.'.
'Create a twisted mainloop and install it.'.
'Converts text to bytes'.
'Return the metablock of the given string.'.
'slice(obj, a, b) -> slice(obj, a, b) DC
'Source tmux files.'.
'Create a base64 encoded artifact.'.
'Login a user.'.
'Ensure that a user is absent DCNL name DCNL The name of the user
'Delete a scan.'.
'Get the transferred surrounding loops.'.
'Fetch an inventory from the server.
'Return the most popular groups.'.
'Return the network IO counters for the given interface.'.
'Converts a string to a utf-8 string.
'Convert a path to a unicode string if possible.
'Get the version from the version file.'.
'Return the current distutils version.
'Make a subprocess.
'Load a certificate from a path.'.
'Return True if `original` and `derived` are out of date'.
'Return a list of users'.
'Eval the given space using the given hp_assignment.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show information about a snapshot DCNL CLI
'Return True if restart freeze is enabled'.
'Returns the symmetric polynomial of ``n``.
'Create a carray with the given shape and dtype.'.
'Takes a string and converts it to a float.
'Convert a list of tags into a dict of tags in a PROPER format.'.
'Get the current language.'.
'Get epochs from raw file.'.
'Get a base64 encoded HTML5 zip from a URL.'.
'Get the element at the given rank in the data.'.
'Extract the snmp value from a list of strings.
'Validates that \'value\' is a string type.
'Return an iterator for the GPI reader.'.
'Generates a go source from a source file.'.
'Assert that the command output contains text multiple times.'.
'Update group type. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Update group
'Create or get an IP address if it does not exist.'.
'Return (q, qq, qq) for the given line.'.
'Return the keyword arguments for the list command.'.
'Return a list of (language, aka) tuples from a movie'.
'Run the main function.'.
'ignore apps if app argument is passed'.
'Returns True if the given URL has an explicit scheme.'.
'Step.from_string() raises an AssertionError if the step is not a step.'.
'Setup logging for the given product.'.
'Quote a URL. DCNL :param href: The URL to quote DCNL :param
'Redirect to a default location.
'Return the dot-mavproxy directory.'.
'Converts a UUID to an EC2 volume id.
'XOR two bytearrays.'.
'Find a file on the minion'.
'Looks for objects in the given client.
'Compare two media types.'.
'Pretty-print a fulltext sentence.'.
'Return a list of runners'.
'Disassociate a profile from an instance.
'Get litecoin'.
'Return a list of all profiles in the given path.'.
'Delete a metadef property.'.
'Add an application to the node state.
'Only load if Spacewalk is installed'.
'Returns True if the given agent is a bggy-ua agent.'.
'Expand variables in a path.
'Recreate all instances in a mig.'.
'Return a list of all bear names.'.
'Return the length of a base64 encoded string.
'Encode a string using Base58.'.
'Log a video error.'.
'Validate a password. DCNL :param password: The password to validate DCNL :param
'Creates an XML test for the success junit'.
'Converts a list of dictionaries into a dictionary.
'Return the identity of an object.'.
'Return True if the user can assign the article to the article.'.
'Cache call signatures for a bracket.'.
'List all tables in a dataset.'.
'Show a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup the Simplisafe alarm platform.'.
'Return the path of a module or None if it does not exist.'.
'Returns a tuple of (max_line_length, max_line_length) and
'Fetch a URL and return its content.
'replace_vars(m) -> string DCNL Return a string with the new variable name
'Test that there are no standard library collections'.
'Return the kurtosis of an array.'.
'Get a course by id.'.
'Start the admin server.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Initialize the master working set.'.
'Injects a net into the filesystem.'.
'Copy the config file to the local config directory.'.
'Creates and returns a PTP object.'.
'Test service schema validation.'.
'specifying features in the inner directory'.
'Convert a hyperparameter function to a meijerg function.'.
'Determine if the path is within the loops.'.
'Checks if a method exists in an estimator.
'Creates a string of random bytes.'.
'Executes a SQL query and returns the result as a dict.'.
'Install nodejs if it\'s not already installed.'.
'Return the part of a float.'.
'Get the size of a stream.
'Set the VIF Host Backend HW configuration.'.
'Clone a repository.'.
'Checks if the virtual is redundant.'.
'Run tscript test'.
'Iterate over all folders in the account'.
'Create a new pool.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL list_tab(user) DCNL
'initializer_list : initializer'.
'Load the example module.'.
'Return True if Tk is Xquartz.'.
'Convert a list like object to a timedelta.
'Convert a boolean to a bit array.
'Return a summary of an alignment.'.
'Pads the logits and labels into a 3D tensor.
'Returns a list of polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Parse a path expression.
'Callback to parse a port range list.'.
'Get the SSL adapter class by name.'.
'If a new instrumenting mapper is created, configure it.'.
'Adds an integer to a value.'.
'Expand a reader macro.'.
'Asserts that two strings are equal.
'Returns the city code from the request if it exists.'.
'Find all crypto maps in the cisco confparse file.'.
'Converts a URL to a MIDI number.
'Return the CCX associated with the given coach.'.
'Return the sort key for a SQOperator.'.
'Update the package database.'.
'Ensure that the host is correct.'.
'Converts an object to a byte string.
'Unset a user\'s role DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Returns a 404 error page.'.
'Build an image from a numpy array.'.
'If the given line starts with \'assert\', \'assert\' will be formatted
'Return a client that is logged in.'.
'split_title_year(title, year) -> (title, year) DCNL
'Computes the inverse of the singular value of a series DCNL Parameters DCNL p :
'Formats a number using I18n.'.
'Expected inclusion_unlimited_args_from_template __doc__'.
'Return the difference between two polynomials.
'Builds an HTML page from a classified text.'.
'Fix connectivity. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array DCNL x: array DCNL
'Profile a function in a BBA-01 basis.'.
'Returns the HTML for the given CSS selector.
'Register a new contributor.'.
'Compute primitives of ``f`` in ``K[X]``.
'Return the collection creation options.'.
'Start a glances webserver.'.
'Converts a request body to a string.
'expression : name'.
'Returns the deterministic value for the given table name.
'*musicpd.org, music player section:* DCNL ``command_list
'Return a list of all roles.
'Returns the encoding used to encode environment variables.'.
'JSON out the request.
'Return a dict of all modules in the given directory'.
'Make sure AST can\'t compile invalid get'.
'Return the output of the given data.'.
'Ensure that the comment bridge does not exist.
'Test that mkt locale is not in django'.
'Parse usage specific data'.
'Return a list of all sharing strategies.'.
'Returns the list of available languages.'.
'Run a shell command and return an error.'.
'Save the current state of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Unpack a zip file into extract_dir.
'Execute a function on a list of objects.
'Stop the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Create a user. DCNL name DCNL The name of the user to create DCNL
'Normalizes a formset into a list of form dictionaries.
'Returns a human-readable version of a timedelta object.
'Return the current user\'s nickname.'.
'Computes the signature of a message.
'Return file_ information from osquery DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Resize a wx.Bitmap to target_height.
'Return a list of (fn, content) tuples for all Python files in the given
'Return a connection to nova'.
'Create a GAX logging API object.'.
'Attach task statuses to each object of the queryset.
'Returns a list of coordinates that are closest to a given harrisim.'.
'Decrypt the given data using the Cbc cipher.'.
'Test initdb'.
'Upgrade a bill.'.
'Get the current window position for a folder.'.
'Update an image member.
'Removes a zone slave from the service.
'init_declarator_list : init_declarator_list init_decl
'Test to_idictionary'.
'Get monitoring information about a VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run a command in a directory.
'Iterate over all files in the given dst that are on the platform.'.
'Compute the clustering of a distance matrix.
'Create a basedir if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a random number generator.'.
'Pick channels inverse operator.'.
'Group delete'.
'Dereference a type from a string.'.
'Generate a randomrainbow color string.'.
'Convert a code object to a file.'.
'Determine if a number can be dialed or not.'.
'Computes the LCM of ``f`` and ``G[x]``.
'Delete acade.'.
'Returns True if horse is available.'.
'Start the named service DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get points from a path.'.
'Test not found message'.
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL Return the unquoted version of a string.
'Chooses the k most probable CVs.'.
'Read the contents of a file.
'Main entry point for the migration script.'.
'Return the location of the dropbox folder in Base64'.
'Test loading a default task'.
'Converts a value to a template object.
'Computes the Chebyshev distance between two vectors.
'Ensure that the named service is enabled DCNL name DCNL The name of the
'Convert a POSIX format to LML format.'.
'Test opcode_gas cost'.
'Choose a random node from the list of nodes.
'Get the datetime format for the given locale.
'Extract valid arguments from a function\'s argument list.'.
'Show the content of the current page if cached.'.
'Serializes an event for the given user and subscription.
'Stores templates and contexts that have been rendered.'.
'Creates an environment builder for the test suite.'.
'hexbin(inp, outp) -> string DCNL hexbin(outp
'Invert monomers.'.
'Test contravariance.'.
'Plus Discriminant Analysis DCNL Example: DCNL.
'Iterate over all files in the directory tree.'.
'Parse an asynchronous operation response.
'Create an SSLSocket object and pass it to org_sslwrap() DCNL.
'Handler for qute-help'.
'Return a list of all roles'.
'Returns the indices of a continuous effect.'.
'Return a dictionary of platform information.
'Return a list of resource paths.'.
'Yields tuples of (filename, name) pairs for each example in the DCNL
'Flatten a list into a list of lists.
'Return the number of cells in the inline admin form.'.
'Given a theme name, return the parent theme name.'.
'Validate the image values. DCNL :param values: DCNL :param mandatory_status
'Return a runner for the given classpath, main, and args.'.
'Find the path of the dumbs.'.
'Calculates the omni_norm test for a set of resids.
'Return True if the system supports color.'.
'Setup the system monitor sensor.'.
'Get repository metadata by repository id and changeset revision.'.
'Create a new thread with the given connection.'.
'Parses a string into a Python object.
'Return a test suite.'.
'Log the request headers.'.
'Computes the L21 norm of a matrix.
'Install a python package DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Move a file or directory.
'Test pa11ycrawler.'.
'Create a quantum pool.
'unquote(s) -> string DCNL Return the unquoted string'.
'Prints the usage message and exits with an error.'.
'Make a labeled form entry.'.
'Converts a string to unicode.'.
'Manage all imported files in the given path.'.
'Apply functions to each token in a list of tokens.
'Creates a NetworkX graph for the given action context.'.
'Unfollow a thread.'.
'Multiply a number by two.'.
'Recursively copy all nested contours into parent.'.
'Returns a list of security groups IDs for a given security group name.
'Return a list of configuration options.'.
'Return the truncated tehrahedron graph.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider, with select fields'.
'Return the counts of x and v. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : ndarray DCNL
'Bokeh pull'.
'Run migrations in line'.
'Unmount the target.'.
'Returns the rejection line for a given number of samples.
'Test masking layer'.
'Convert the xml element to the geometry output.'.
'Publish an exploration to the given committer.'.
'Setup the Firetv platform.'.
'Returns a string representing the email date.'.
'Converts a password to a meta-data dictionary.'.
'Set the console mode for the given fd.'.
'Generates a mac for a poisoning report.
'Returns True if the given code is valid.'.
'Return a list of the users that are not allowed to talk to the DCNL server.
'Test mp.find_module()'.
'Decorator that closes all tests.'.
'Prompt the user for input.
'Returns a random integer from the current thread\'s random number generator.
'Convert Excel cell string to row, col, row_abs, row_abs, col
'Strip the handshake from the capfile.'.
'Return the status of the given engine.'.
'*musicpd.org, playlists section:* DCNL ``rm [name
'Create the index if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Seeds non-shared migrated disks.
'Parse an expression into an expression object.'.
'Timesince(d, now=None) -> datetime DCNL Timesince(d,
'Return a SQLAlchemy sessionmaker.'.
'Return True if the root path matches any of the given exclusion patterns.'.
'Return a list of public certificates DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Download a corpus.'.
'Returns the media path for the given instance\'s media file.'.
'Convert a CSR record to a dictionary.'.
'Set the namespace of a request.
'Return the name of the snapcopy volume.'.
'Takes a command and intercepts it.'.
'Extract connectionpool and util from urllib3.'.
'Set the obey_over18 flag.'.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Nvlist2 generator. DCNL >>> nvlist2(1, 1) DC
'Creates a directory and all its contents.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL PUT_ACL(bucket, acl,
'Return the htons of an integer.'.
'Return the footprint of an object.
'Sends a message to a topic and waits for a response.'.
'Replace arg with args in tvars with arg.
'Trigger a build for a project.'.
'Return the nonce key for a server_url, timestamp and salt.'.
'Returns a list of command-line arguments for the install command.'.
'Checks if user can manage permissions for the given project.'.
'Get the timestamp from the given base date'.
'Marks the current colour as being the same as the current one.'.
'Test that sys.init_faulthandler works with stderr.'.
'Get the top rated exploration summaries.'.
'Create a socket connection to the given destination pair.
'Return a logger that will be used for logging.'.
'Get the host of a replication group.
'Apply a decorator to a function.
'Build a server URL.'.
'Rastrigin-scaled function.
'Generate a URL for a function.
'Given a frequency string, return the frequency code and stride.'.
'Search for images and videos.'.
'Returns a string representation of the given object.
'Multiply a variable by another variable.'.
'Returns an unpickleable exception for the given exception.'.
'Skip skip if selection is not supported.'.
'Computes the dot product of two vectors.
'Yields a list of Cinder localization strings.'.
'Returns a dict of poster information for the given video.'.
'Returns a tuple of (global_dict, _local_dict_stack) with the
'Asserts that urllib.parse.parse.parse.parse.parse.parse.parse
'Check if the given package has any extra requirements for the given package.
'Get the backend for the given filename.'.
'Converts a string to a unicode string.'.
'Get all sources for a zone.
'Compare two revisions.'.
'Determine if two matrices are disjoint.'.
'Creates a generator for the given kind, resource, offset.'.
'Return a list of all steps for the specified cluster.
'View the certificate exception view.'.
'Setup the transmission platform.'.
'Initialize out socket.'.
'Convert index to L polar array.'.
'Get resource limits.'.
'Read a table from a file.
'Converts a value to an array, if possible.
'Setup the Winks sensor platform.'.
'Saturation Moving Average'.
'expr : expression'.
'Return True if auto-login is enabled'.
'patch wal_e.tarfile.copyfileobj to monkeypatch wal_
'Test html'.
'Create an SSL context for the given host, if it doesn\'t already exist.'.
'Adds a product to a store.
'Check that themayavi version is valid.'.
'Get all the URLs for all installed apps.'.
'Return the main projections lines and circles.'.
'Return the default time zone.'.
'Convert a datetime object to a string.'.
'If the token is not equal to the value in the if-not-equal comparison.'
'Get the grid point that is not intersecting a path.'.
'Set the value of a system_info field in the database.'.
'Return the reference to the given field in the given table.
'Get the logging handler.'.
'Return a list of all SQL statements for the given app.'.
'Load a caffe image from a caffe file.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Return the padding type for the input shape and output shape.'.
'Return a list of all configuration directories.'.
'get_init() returns None'.
'Return the complement of a string.'.
'Returns the number of seconds since the given expiration DCNL :param expiration: The expiration of
'Skip if boto is not in the environment.'.
'Disconnects facebook from Facebook.'.
'Trigger a scheduler event.'.
'Unpack a directory and all its contents.'.
'Generates a random verification key.
'Set the OS for the backend.'.
'Return True if the given message should be kept in the account.'.
'Return the largest number of elements in `args`'.
'Convert a string to a string.'.
'Initialize metrics'.
'Get the rotation in degrees.'.
'Wait for a datastore or pubsub package to be ready.'.
'sample2d(f, x_args) -> (x, y) DCNL
'Compare two brackets.'.
'Run pylint widget test'.
'Revoke admin privileges for a user.
'Get a request object from a CSR.
'Return a string with the given prefix and the given string.'.
'Create network. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash DC
'Unexpo(intpart, fraction, expo) -> (intpart, fraction
'Return the version of a package.'.
'Evaluate a cond'.
'Check if a readline is available.'.
'Return the hdfs root directory.'.
'Given a year, month, dayofweek, hour, minute, whichweek, return
'Resolve the version to the latest version.'.
'Opens a log file in the log directory.
'Return the current time in the current month.'.
'Register a new hook handler.
'Test that page._detect_screen_size works'.
'Write the HTML file to a file.'.
'Find the maximum daily commits in the given calendar.'.
'Resolve a function name'.
'Test labeller function'.
'Set the virt path.'.
'Fetches data from the minion DCNL.
'Adds an access token to the given file.
'Returns the current babel locale.'.
'Get a marker parameter from a dictionary.'.
'Convert a shape to a shape geometry.
'Return the current time in seconds.'.
'Return the logarithm of an exponential distribution.
'Set the LE script version.'.
'Returns the minimum distance between the surface of the given coordinate.'.
'Returns a colorized penalty string.'.
'set_subtensor_of_constants(x, y) -> x DCNL
'Builds the adgroup_ad_operations dictionary.'.
'Returns True if we should send ownership updates to the user.'.
'Initialize a new viewer.'.
'Returns the contents of the binscope file for the given sample.'.
'Run the Ninja GUI.'.
'Get a review request field by id.'.
'Parses a string into a datetime.date object.
'Return a list of plays from a JSON file.'.
'Return a list of policy names for a role.
'Sends an inventory to the resource provider.'.
'Run the test case.'.
'Convert a title to a URL.'.
'Process an email message.
'Makes kickstart and kickstart Floppy'.
'Resolve a path to a string.'.
'Display the doc for the given name.'.
'Join a channel.'.
'Build a series of motions and normalizations.
'Returns True if the verbosity of the index is equal to the given verbose.'.
'Count the number of words in a list of documents.
'Return a list of feincms breadcrumbs for a given page.'.
'Return the current system\'s UID.'.
'Return a list of package names and tests affected by a diff.
'Test password strength.'.
'Runs the network through the given writer.'.
'Creates a list of serializers for the given transport.
'Authenticate with the tenant.
'Get the project directory for the given language and file style.
'Write a fasta sequence to a file.'.
'Helper function to generate a random choice.'.
'Converts a number of digits to a long string.'.
'Mean square. DCNL Args: DCNL y_pred (TensorTensor) DCNL
'Returns a redirect to the given URL.'.
'A context manager that mocks the event notification.'.
'Prints the result to stdout.'.
':type aws_access_key_id: string DCNL :param aws_access_
'Find a SR from a VDI reference.'.
'Encode a single block of data.'.
'Returns the synonyms for the given font extension.'.
'Lwta(p, block_size, block_size) -> array DCNL
'Return True if the user has isoinfo tool.'.
'Load user configuration'.
'Determine if the value is zero or nan.'.
'Return the base path for the data directory.'.
'Only load if libs is available'.
'Test abort with an exception'.
'Return a filename that can be used as a filename.
'Make a directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Echo all methods of a class.'.
'Return a database connection.'.
'Fast exponentiation. DCNL >>> fast_exponentiation((a, p,
'Prints data to stdout.'.
'Return the current zone code DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get information about a network DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Wraps a SQL statement in a parens clause.'.
'Test that we can convert sky coordinates to pixel coordinates.'.
'Return the address of the given mac address.
'Return an iterator over all versions of a bucket.
'Update all the UUIDs in t_images and t_image_members and t_
'Check if a command is executable.'.
'Given a function name describe its properties.
'Parse a Python code into a Python tree.'.
'Convert a file name to a relative file path.'.
'Return the sum of the values in the list.
'Return a list of configured members DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return the description of a table.'.
'Create a sort object from a list of sort parts.'.
'Returns an HTML representation of a request string.
'Remove a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add threading arguments to a parser.'.
'Returns True if the given node exists.'.
'Return a list of names of all installed solvers.'.
'Create a section for the student section.'.
'Computes the downscale of the images.
'Ctrl-C event handler'.
'Determine a service object from a resource path.'.
'Return a list of all path directories in sys.path.'.
'Returns an unpickled exception.
'Return the version of init_file'.
'Get the number of cubic points.'.
'Test no data with no values'.
'Return the local url for the given port.'.
'Return a list of the VMs that are on the provider'.
'Render the tab header.'.
'Ping external URLs when the entry is loaded.'.
'Calls when_imported with the given hooks.'.
'Return pillar modules.'.
'Remaps a VBD device prefix to a new prefix.'.
'Add bootstrap class to field'.
'Replaces placeholders in text with placeholders in kwargs.
'Delete Cloud Load Balancers'.
'Create and drop the database.'.
'Check if nova is not in the line.'.
'Add an addon user to the original addon user.'.
'Prints an exception.'.
'Update a counter'.
'Call a method on a topic with multiple arguments.
'Start Tomcat'.
'Instantiate a deferred with an errorback.'.
'Assigns the crowding distance between the given individuals.'.
'Return a string representation of the given class instance and ordered dictionary.'.
'Returns True if url is from spider.'.
'Parses the arguments and keyword arguments.'.
'wrap(wrapped, assigned=wrapper_assignments, update=wrapper_updates)
'Sets the current namespace.
'Parse a slice string into a slice object.
'Execute proxy command'.
'Recursively aggregates two sequences.
'Get the navigation line.'.
'Get the word of a form.'.
'Return a list of details from the message.
'Yields tuples of (path, match) pairs for all style files in the given
'Create an ARP object for the given IP address.
'Test add_positions'.
'Recursive helper for handling extra payloads'.
'Validates a locale and raises 404 if it does not exist.'.
'Polynomial division of ``f`` and ``g``.
'Remove a file or directory tree.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a shell.'.
'Only work on Mac OS'.
'Return True if the given title contains a feature.'.
'Context manager to track the total memory usage for a given course.'.
'Load a certificate request from a buffer.
'Show details about an instance. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block
'Extract the major, minor, build, sn, board revision from the data.'.
'Test that a value error is raised when no sum is given'.
'Prints a summary of the runner results.'.
'Unparse a list of components. DCNL Parameters DCNL components : list of tuples
'Test authentication. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash DC
'Count non-printable characters in a string.'.
'Execute a command and raise a system exit.'.
'Sends a message to the websocket.'.
'Creates a context object with the given request and kwargs.
'Return a list of values for the given cluster.'.
'Builds a dictionary of postprocessors for the given MD instance.'.
'Get response from cli.'.
'Returns the odds of ``p``.
'Send a named query.'.
'Convert a POST request to a verb.'.
'Dispatch a request. DCNL :param environ: The request environ DCNL :param environ
'Return a list of option names for a branch.'.
'Converts a string to a color string.'.
'Get a shortcut from the configuration.'.
'Convert a template to a string.'.
'Convert a POST request to a verb.'.
'Only load if boto is available.'.
'Sign data with the given digest.
'Parses an options string into a dictionary.'.
'Builds a request string for the given opnum and data.
'Plot two scales.'.
'Make sure AST can compile valid cut'.
'Returns the size of a network mask DCNL Parameters DCNL mask : string DCNL mask
'Test for find_number()'.
'List all the datacenters for this VMware environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get new repository.'.
'Iterate over all subclasses of the given class.'.
'Reset the video mode.'.
'yaml: file DCNL :param registry: Registry object DCNL :param xml_parent
'Returns the length of the given word in the given tabwidth.'.
'Return a list of the minions that are not alive.
'Get the size of the system.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Disables and reloads the site service.'.
'Decorator to mark a function as unsafe.'.
'Returns a node with a debug level.'.
'Setup the Homematic platform.'.
'Returns a copy of the original dictionary with all keys removed.'.
'Pre-init hook for submodules.'.
'Returns True if input_string is a float.'.
'Return the absolute URL of the given object.
'Return a postgres password.
'Pad a number of elements in a sequence to a specified length.'.
'Returns the low and low intervals of a binom test.
'Resolve a subworkflow from a deployment directory.'.
'Return a list of attributes for each container in the containers.'.
'If osmesa_gl_lib is not available, fix it'.
'Main entry point'.
'Checks if the given model has any dependencies for the given queue.
'Checks if a list of emails is a valid email address.'.
'Update Glance metadata for a volume.'.
'Parse a union page.'.
'Create a new paste.
'Creates a console window and schedules it once.
'Returns a list of cohorts for the given course.
'Get the proxy connection details.'.
'Context manager for flocking a file.
'T.elemwise_sub_zeros(node) -> T.elemwise_
'Computes the bootstrap function for a given value.
'Remove a file if it exists.'.
'Builds a date string from a PROPNAME string.'.
'Test service provider base manager'.
'Return the pkgdb module'.
'Encodes input using zlib.'.
'Test serializing a commit.'.
'Return the result of a function'.
'Returns True if the given datetime is ambiguous.'.
'Formats the mappings in properties to a list of dicts.
'Patch all settings'.
'Enable a VPN service.'.
'Convert a function to a dedented function.
'Return True if the given condition is for the given myself.'.
'Searches disks by lun.'.
'Extract an IPv4 address from a list of ipv4 addresses.
'Returns the mean longitude of perigee of a given Julian date DCNL Parameters DCNL
'Resize a volume DCNL size DCNL size DCNL size DCNL size : number of
'Return the name of a follow link.'.
'Galois multiply.'.
'Returns the null JavaScript catalog.'.
'Set the CORS headers for the given response.'.
'Create the output directory if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Generate a new config file.'.
'Check that the user\'s password is not empty.'.
'Checks if the user has a valid fernet key repository.'.
'Download a file. DCNL :param url: URL to download DCNL :param session
'Counts the number of tokens in the given list of arguments.
'Solves a complex of ``f`` with ``symbol`` and ``domain`
'Locale.html uses xss'.
'Get a list of interfaces for a server.'.
'Download the log file.'.
'Returns the email address for a GitHub access token.'.
'Enable update tests for a given distribution.
'Return True if the named service is available.'.
'Check if rvm is available'.
'Split ``f`` and ``x`` into ``fac`` and ``
'Untag(vs, push=False) -> str DCNL Untag a list
'Formats a number as a string.'.
'Return a dict with the values of the configuration'.
'Permute an array by permutation.'.
'Test that pprint column starts with a nameless column'.
'Get all available regions for the RDS service.
'Create a rectangle with the bounding box of the artist.'.
'Multiply a gcode linear move text.'.
'Remove all modules from the database.'.
'Check if a file is newer than another.'.
'Check if the root user is on the system'.
'Remove the specified host from the known_hosts file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return True if the given string is an IPv4 address.'.
'Return the name of a column.'.
'Checks that the header is valid.
'Renders the about page.'.
'Converts a string color to a tuple of (int, int, int) DCNL
'Returns a generator of (key, value, node_id) pairs for the given node
'Returns a list of payloads that can be run in the given shell.'.
'Return a list of items limited by a marker.
'Return True iffake_is_smpl() is True.'.
'Encode raw bytes as a single line.'.
'Get the RRD from the server'.
'Upload the project to a local directory'.
'Return True if point is before another point.'.
'Parse a gcode file and write it to a file.'.
'Get new derivation.'.
'Return a list of all nodes that are not joined DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Add the build directory to sys.path.'.
'Get all sm volumes.'.
'Build a new service manager instance.'.
'Quit the bot.'.
'Get a pack by its ref.'.
'List all files in a directory.
'Unescapes the given string with the given entities.
'Return a dict of net_io_counters'.
'Returns True if the request has associated site theme.'.
'Print a list of dependencies that are missing.'.
'Paginate a queryset.'.
'fastboot(args, **kw) -> tubes.Process DCNL Runs the
'Convert a result to a (country, region, city) tuple.'.
'Sends a password reset notice email.'.
'Return a list of the filenames in the given text.'.
'Check if font family is valid.'.
'<text> -- Chooses a random choice from <text>.'.
'Set the module to be used as a persistent module DCNL :param mod: The module
'Return a list of all available stems'.
'Validates an email address.
'Check if the given path is a valid file or directory.'.
'Return data to the database'.
'Check if a list of integers is a list of integers.'.
'Checks if two records are paired together.
'Given a check_name and a check_path, return the check class.'.
'Given a class or alias, return the class alias.'.
'Return True if the system is interactive.'.
'Teardown the databases in the given configuration.'.
'Get the terminal size.
'Create a new signature scheme object.'.
'Generates a generalized integer.'.
'Sends an email with the given percentage of complete documents'.
'Prints a docstring as a pager.'.
'Get the current language BIDI.'.
'Get the crop geometry. DCNL.
'Check if fmdump is installed'.
'Return the proto name for the cloud provider.'.
'Generate a tile key string.'.
'Generates a uniform distribution between low and high.
'Read the secret from a file and return it.'.
'Returns a new FeedbackMessage object from the given model.'.
'Returns the value of alumination change label.'.
'Print the super-class of an object.'.
'Make a privileges list query.'.
'Rename a file or directory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a logger by name.'.
'Disconnect all receivers from the given signal.'.
'Validates that the string s is a float.'.
'Get search results.'.
'Save an image to a file.'.
'Start the scheduler'.
'Return a list of (message, message) tuples from a file.'.
'Checks if a list of headers has a given name.
'Removes a convergence from a resource.
'Get all attachments belonging to a project.'.
'Convert a row and column name to a cell name.'.
'Load data from a database DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Parses the encoding of a file.
'Add a new level name to the dictionary.'.
'Return a list of paths from trailer1 and trailer2.'.
'Decode a filesystem path.'.
'Attach private projects to each object of the queryset.
'Return a list of links to the result'.
'Create a realm pattern from a string.'.
'Test PromoImageUploader'.
'Aux function.'.
'Add a value to an array.'.
'Checks if a list of paths are async'.
'Returns True if the given name is a legal resource base name.'.
'Task add'.
'Guess the filters and unavailable tables from the given tables.
'Convert an element or tree into an XML string.'.
'Get a machine from the vbox DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Safely quote a URL using urllib.quote_plus.'.
'Returns a list of all available drivers'.
'Strategy to find the largest degree of each node in a graph.
'Return True if the current working function is available.'.
'Create a Filter object from a list of parts.'.
'Usage: DCNL \'f4\' DCNL \'f4\' DCNL
'Run the influxdb command.'.
'Returns a form field for a ``db.RatingProperty``.'.
'Wait for a process to finish.'.
'Return a string representation of an integer.'.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Get the state of a DAG'.
'Return the IPv4 address of an interface'.
'Execute a pshell command and return the result as a dict'.
'postbuild static'.
'Create a new condition with the given lock.
'Returns a template include string.'.
'Unlock a file.'.
'Get the contact type for a user.'.
'Remove the specified device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Restart all HTTPDs.'.
'Return a ZooKeeper transaction object for the given IPs.'.
'Return the location of the published revision.'.
'Register a specialized version of lopt.'.
'Return the URL for the given URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to use
'Test reading raw brainvision data with global units'.
'Test morph_maps'.
'Read n doubles from file.'.
'A safe version of os.path.no_home() that raises an exception if the
'Delete an image attachment.'.
'Grab a gcode linear move file.'.
'initialise module'.
'Test quadratic interpolation.'.
'Multiply and reduce a matrix.
'Create a new user.'.
'Elu(x, alpha = 1) -> float DCNL Return the value of the
'Replaces spaces and underscores with underscores.'.
'Plot the images together.'.
'Generate a new repository.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Reorder a list of entries into a topological order.
'Find eggs in a zip file.
'Test the fit sample routine'.
'Create a shared array from a numpy array.
'Return True if the value in makeopts contains the given value.'.
'View entries based on search query.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the comments for a file attachment.'.
'Create a real sign object.'.
'Return the default string for math. DCNL Args: DCNL s (str): string
'Return cluster depths as a dictionary.'.
'Create a pyramid application from a list of services.
'crypt(data, key) -> string DCNL crypt(data, key) DCNL
'Guess the correct LSF class for the given payload.
'Start engine management.'.
'Register a new verb.
'Suspend the machine to disk.'.
'Get the credentials file.'.
'Convert an IPv6 address to an IPv6 address.
'Deploy the specified source file to the running jboss instance.
'Test global config'.
'Dehex(s) -> str DCNL Convert a string to a hex string.'.
'Load CSS templates'.
'Get the initializable comment fields.'.
'Migrate a resource table to a new one.'.
'Return the current revision number.
'Return a list of directories in the specified environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Autoflush logs buffer.'.
'Return the deployment id if it exists'.
'Test update_from_disk and update_from_disk.'.
'split(ary, indices_or_sections) -> list DCNL Splits
'Reverse the lexing of a 128-bit string.'.
'Delete a file if it exists.'.
'Parse an HTML file into a plain text string.'.
'Load data from Pandas.'.
'Return the path to the home directory.'.
'Run the bare WSGI application.'.
'Display a display action.'.
'Generates a row generator for group significances.'.
'Restore the current backup filters.'.
'Return a dash-capitalized version of a string.
'Run the git command-line program.'.
'Parse a string into a struct object.
'ItemField add'.
'Get matrix tetragrid matrix.'.
'Do monkey patch on all methods in the module.'.
'Setup the oslo_messaging engine.'.
'Run a check. DCNL :param name: The name of the check DCNL :
'Clear all installed Samples.'.
'Raises a comma-separated comma.
'Multiply a file or text.'.
'Get the type of a vmodl.
'Check if a lock exists.
'Fetch a stream from a URL.
'Returns an error page.'.
'Returns a list of xblocks that are accessible to the given course.'.
'Run a test in the specified mode.
'Computes the CV sequence of ``m`` and ``n``.
'Create an option group from a dictionary.
'Returns permissions for a given page.'.
'Return the minimum checksum of a cachedir'.
'expanddims(x, axis) -> list DCNL Return a list of the dimensions of
'Deletes a calendar from the database.'.
'Get product information.'.
'Format a warning.'.
'A context manager that locks a file in a given directory.
'Determine the pickle module.'.
'Return a doc object for the given words.'.
'Returns a snippet of the most popular page of the given type.
'Solve a tridiagonal system.
'Get serial ports.'.
'This function is called after building a site.'.
'Return a client for the given address.
'Destroy a reservation.'.
'Initialize the user\'s stylesheet.'.
'Read reject parameters from a file.
'unquote(s) -> chr DCNL Return the unquoted version of a string.
'Yield patterns and matches in a graph.
'Get the modification time of a file.'.
'Safely read bytes from file-like object.
'numlist : NUMBER DCNL | NUMBER DCNL | NUMBER DCNL | NUMBER DCNL
'Gradient of ``f`` and ``v``.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Upload a file to the local filesystem.'.
'Return the default error handler for the given error.'.
'Return True if the named service is enabled.'.
'Read a string from a file.
'Remove volumes from a list of paths.
'Validates the value against the opfjson schema.'.
'Require a list of requirements.'.
'Add a task to a queue.
'Load CA certificates from a directory.'.
'Get a layer by name.'.
'Decodes a byte string from a stream.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Deserialize a stream or string into an iterable of objects.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Determine the device class'.
'Return theano function.'.
'Run behave test.'.
'A context manager that patches search_fields to new_search_fields.
'Simplifies the parser_return.'.
'Load a config file and return it as a dictionary.'.
'Get the netgear scanner.'.
'Create a file if it doesn\'t exist.'.
'Return a dict containing the keys and values of the database.'.
'Main entry point for proteinruding glyphs.'.
'Write the admin file.'.
'Format the final exception line.'.
'Initialize the enforcer.
'Computes a stochastic model anal. DCNL Parameters DCNL x : array
'Release a lsb attribute.'.
'Returns a list of recently published exp summary dictionaries.
'Get new repository.'.
'Create a new Index from a IndexMetadata protobuf.'.
'Return a list of time slots for a given period.'.
'Loads a model by name.
'Check if a user has the specified cron environment DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Play a media list. DCNL.
'Set the version of a template.'.
'Return True if the given name is not in the list.'.
'Get tricomplex matrix.'.
'Return the width of a column of text.
'Check if a file looks like a tool.
'Import all neutron modules in the topdir'.
'Test time chart rendering.'.
'Extract extraneous whitespace from a line.'.
'Deletes the cache for the given uuid.
'Delete all pages from a pdf file.'.
'Resize the image to maxwidth.'.
'Get the path for a hatch pattern.'.
'Returns a list of blockers for the given user.'.
'Update live symlinks.'.
'Ensure that the user is in the list of candidates.'.
'Return a list of available oficial plugins.'.
'Returns the next URL for the given request.
'Get the metadata for a blob.'.
'Returns a list of page IDs that can be changed when the user changes the DCNL
'Return True if no minimumc is available'.
'Split a flag string into a list of integers.
'vote_by_user(parser, token) -> string DCNL voteby_user
'Converts a value to a text string.
'test_get_xdg_dir_1()'.
'Computes the logarithm of the difference between two arrays.
'Raise an exception if the given context is not admin or user context.'.
'Test gi2 repository.'.
'Create REST API DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Removes the session key from the request.
'Return a list of all regions that are underlined.'.
'Takes a string and converts it to lowercase.'.
'Recursively copy all files in source to dest.'.
'Only work on Windows systems'.
'Report spams'.
'Test installing editable packages from bazaar.'.
'Delete a manifestation.'.
'Recursively walk a list of JS scopes into a list of (subscope, sublpath
'Parse an environment string into a dictionary.'.
'Patches the response headers to the given response.
'Set the out_filter for a neighbor based on ip address.'.
'Computes the LMS between two numbers.'.
'Convert values to a scalar type.
'Determine if a loop is in a point table.'.
'Return a remote pillar object'.
'Return the current incoming state.'.
'Set the version database for the given apps.'.
'Add a server to nsnitro DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Escape a string for use in a URL.'.
'Lock a document for a given username.'.
'Create an EDB post. DCNL.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL
'Test running all apps but no applications'.
'Convert two images to a sequence example.'.
'Return a tuple of (num_, int) if c is True'.
'Takes a forward pass to a stc and restricts the DCNL forward pass
'File upload filename case view'.
'Returns the normals of a vector `v` in `e`.
'Calculates the spline of a Gaussian function. DCNL Parameters DCNL x
'Generates tripleles from a CSR matrix.'.
'Finds all skipped methods in a directory'.
'Return True if the given node is decorated with a property.'.
'Return a 2D array of rows where each element in x is null.'.
'Yield distributions for a given URL.
'Creates a voucher object'.
'Get the cluster information for a given cluster.
'Find a guest by name DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Set the location of the file.'.
'Get all instance types.'.
'Clears all sessions for the given max_date.
'Rename a file or directory DCNL :param src_path: Path to file DCNL
'Get triangular rotation.'.
'Converts a string to an opcode value.
'Disconnects all signals from the entry.'.
'Wait for spot instance requests to be fulfilled.'.
'Return the hash of a file in the remote repository DCNL Args: DCNL load (
'Print usage information'.
'Download emoji'.
'Get the nmap scanner.'.
'Return a list of all the forms in the browser.'.
'Creates a location attribute from an accessing object.
'Save attachment to filepath'.
'Marks a value as unsafe.
'Checks if user can download changes for given project.'.
'Return the indented block of the given text.'.
'Return a list of PyQt objects.'.
'Extract the capabilities from the given text.'.
'Return True if the host has the given alias for the given ip.'.
'Return True if the given IP address is a public IP address.
'Read the contents of a plist file.
'Log a page hit'.
'Main entry point for module execution.'.
'Setup the Veracover platform.'.
'Get a document and fallback_reason if it does not exist.'.
'Test exiting with unsuccessful output.'.
'Uninstall a module from the params dictionary.
'Given a bidirectional graph g, return the shortest path between source and target DCNL
'Migrate volume_type_projects table.'.
'Computes the Euclidean distribution of the given values.
'Return a list of topics for a prospective search.
'Import an object from a namespace.
'Add extra_extra_paths to sys.path.'.
'Adds the given flags to the given flags list.'.
'Create a new node'.
'Create a cache security group.
'split_test_name(test) -> (name, test, name) DCNL
'Return the full URL for the current request.
'Plot traces for a boot.'.
'Return the time in seconds since the epoch.
'Sends a POST request.
'Return the square sort of an array'.
'Wait for all tasks to finish after timeout.'.
'Rehash a file using the given algorithm and block size.
'Test show verbose output with classifiers'.
'Return a message for a list of extras'.
'Release a media player. DCNL.
'Combines a list of details into a single dictionary.'.
'Converts an object to a column.
'Ensure that the named service is flushed.
'Get the current operating system\'s window size.'.
'Return the epoch time offset from a filetime.'.
'Renders a datetime to a string.
'DETACH ACCEPT Section 9.1.17'.
'Create an image from a QImage object.'.
'Splits a string into a list of shell tokens.
'Return a list of all system scripts that are not in the system.'.
'Return True if the given name is visible in all.'.
'Display a list of topics for a product.'.
'Get proxy info from environment variables.'.
'Set the file\'s utime to desired_time.
'Get the xtool path'.
'Check if a dataset exists in the API.'.
'Runs the testdoc executable with the given arguments.'.
'Decode a Python 2 string and return it as a unicode string.'.
'Checks if the object matches the given condition.
'Return a hospital object'.
'post_order(node, stack = None) -> list DCNL Return a list of
'Resets password for a user.
'Calculates the signature for Odnoklassniki'.
'Pre-compute the data.'.
'Ensure tokenize works as expected'.
'Convert a list of tools into a list of (tool_objs, tool_map
'Return a list of IP addresses for the specified host DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Fetches weather data from the Weather API at the given location.
'Extract metadata from a filename. DCNL :param filename: The filename to extract DCNL
'Discretize a model with a 2D model.'.
'Parse a set of flags.'.
'Get a MusicBrainz artist by id.'.
'Ping the device DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get the link line.'.
'sub(f, c, i, u, k) -> list DCNL Return the
'Synchronously consume messages from kafka.
'bernoullivector.sample_from_conditional works as expected'.
'A context manager that removes all warnings from the logger.'.
'Acquire a connection before the request'.
'This function should be called when a new slot is created.'.
'Return a list of the names of all available Tkinters.
'Waits until an object is ready to build.'.
'Convert an IP address to a safe IP format.'.
'Return True if x is hashable.'.
'Parses a Suoku assignment string into a dictionary.'.
'Validate sources for OSX.'.
'Wait for a network address to be available.
'Create a new identity context.
'Determine the transpose of the expression.'.
'Associate a profile to an instance role.
'Connect to AWS EC2.
'Process the else statement.'.
'Returns a list of (word, tag) tuples where word and tag are insignificant
'Generates a signed JWT for the given service account.
'Get the VMDK size and properties of an instance.'.
'Given a model and a name, return a list of field attributes and the DCNL path
'Return the command line arguments for the user to enter password DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Return the integer at index i.'.
'Register an email hook.'.
'Test set_pattern and set_sourcemodel functionality'.
'Load and authenticate credentials from a file.
'Add volume type access to project.'.
'Copy the columns of an idd matrix to a given index.
'Computes the norm of a matrix.
'Install a hook from sys.meta_path.'.
'Multiply ``f`` by ``c`` in ``K[x]``.
'Copy the contents of a file to a destination.
'Perspective edit'.
'Convert a string to a tempita string.
'Test PyPI transforming'.
'Daemonize the system.'.
'Format the output of the firewall command.'.
'Computes the cumulant from the given momt.
'Threeway split indices. DCNL :param size: size to split DCNL :param
'Return a normalized version of the given path.'.
'Ldiv(a, b) -> tuple DCNL Return the monomial division of
'Returns a zip file containing all selected submissions'.
'Delete an image. DCNL :param image_id: ID of the image to delete
'Extract images from a file.
'Test swap assignment'.
'Context manager that updates the requirements of the project.'.
'Return the number of cycles in the cycle.'.
'Main entry point for compare_dicts.'.
'Deletes a logging sink.
'Get parent child from xpath.'.
'Read a file and return its contents.'.
'Verify that the given interface is valid.
'Return the version of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Get a user by name.'.
'Log the compute error.'.
'Get a specific policy.
'Returns True if the string ends in a newline.'.
'Construct the author2doc dict from the given corpus and doc2author.'.
'Get the viewing matrix.'.
'Read data from the end of a 64-bit archive.'.
'Create a nudge dataset.'.
'Return a polygon representing the arc at the given start and end angle.'.
'Call unpacker with the given parameters'.
'Check for basic auth'.
'Get the skiprows.'.
'Checks if all the group names in the candidate number are present in the DCNL formatted
'Get the plugins directory path.'.
'Return a list of (region_id, name) pairs sorted by name.'.
'Returns a list of subsets from a bitstring.'.
'Parses a urlencoded body into a Python object.
'Create a record with the given resource_type and attributes.'.
'Validates max_staleness.'.
'Get the status of a command.'.
'Returns a dict of (key, value) pairs for each string in the workbook.'.
'Import a file from a zone DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test the tag function'.
'Return a list of the keys of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Generate a fontconfig pattern.'.
'Return a list of all functional areas.'.
'Set the query result'.
'Create filter form style.'.
'Returns a set of line numbers for each line in the source string.
'Calculate statistics for a series of quantiles.
'Test pmf histogram normalization.'.
'Convert a kwargs option to a dictionary'.
'Add fields to a documentpb.Document.'.
'Converts a string to a standardized name.
'Convert a Coo matrix to a series.'.
'Return the contents of the log buffer.'.
'Renders an inline object.'.
'Read the cinder configuration.'.
'Iterate over the elements of the list and call the given action.'.
'Test platform config validation.'.
'Return a list of the fold brackets plugin.'.
'Ensure that the service is off.
'Parse the command-line arguments and return a tuple of (url, filename, cookie,
'Converts a string to a camel-case string.'.
'Call a function with the given arguments and return the result.'.
'Validate ``f`` and ``K[x]``.
'Return a string with all bits swapped.'.
'Initialize the manager.'.
'Return a list of package relationships for the given package id and rel.
'Get fixed IPs by host.'.
'Set the stream logger.
'Returns the backend URL for the given entry.'.
'Converts a datetime object to a local time string.
'Parse a pattern.'.
'Dispatch a hook. DCNL :param key: The key to dispatch. DCNL :
'Return the solarization of an image.
'Test length index of dipoles'.
'Convert an XML tree to a dictionary.'.
'Calculates the formula for the Excel range.'.
'Read all tasks in the list of paths.'.
'Test io.layout.lout'.
'Write the theme XML.'.
'Set a key/value pair in the config file'.
'Change the UID of a user DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Return a list of (start, end) pairs for each line in the given logical line
'Show details about a name. DCNL :param book: Book object DCNL :param
'Enable the named source.
'Return the mean of a list of values.
'Update web settings.'.
'Send email after purchase.'.
'Dumps an object into a JSON string.'.
'Return user info as JSON'.
'Sends an email after importing the given task.'.
'Setup the Yahoo Finance sensor.'.
'Returns the colormap for the given style.
'Formats a slice into a slice of a given dimension.
'Expand an IPv6 address into an IPv6 address.
'Return the year of a project'.
'Fixture that sets the current app to the current one.'.
'Given a match, return a generator of (start, string, regex) tuples of
'Create an SSLContext object for use in TLS.'.
'Return a list of tweets for the current user'.
'Get the top directory of a file.
'Put a list of CORS rules for a bucket.
'Returns a string containing the amount of money in a given number.
'Raises a runtime error with the given arguments.'.
'Sends a dictionary of translations to the response.'.
'Delete an API. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Returns the millisecond time in seconds since the epoch.
'Returns a string representation of the given object.
'Return the content of a URL, or None if it does not exist.'.
'Run pylint.'.
'const_map_item : const_map_item DCNL | const_map_
'Get a credential from the tenant database.'.
'Return True if b1 encompasses b2.'.
'Checks to see if we are running in a reboot.
'Unescape the given text.'.
'Register a function as an atexit function.'.
'If the cast operator is elemwise, return a list of casts.'.
'Generate a random id.'.
'yaml: fingerprint DCNL fingerprint : fingerprint DCNL fingerprint: fingerprint DCNL fingerprint: fingerprint
'Get the contents of a file or directory.
'Iterate over all files in a directory'.
'Return the default locale for the given object.'.
'Change quota size of the bpsmeter'.
'Unset the quota for a glusterfs volume.
'Get all repository dependencies for the given metadata.'.
'Return the host to use for the request.
'Create a new figure manager instance for the given figure.'.
'Gets the information for a given collection.'.
'Convert a log file to a dictionary'.
'Check if a file is with the given file type without words.'.
'Replace old_assump with new_assump.'.
'Start debugger for the given idb.'.
'Find platform and atomic group name for a given host.'.
'Get the properties of a managed object.
'Returns a list of all clients that match the given query DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Get the window analyze file given a gcode file.'.
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Returns True if the given string contains the given key, False otherwise.'.
'Returns a JSON representation of the current user\'s code history.'.
'Convert a suffix name to a suffix name.'.
'Returns a redirect to the next page. DCNL :param request: request object DCNL
'Parse a version string into a Python version string.'.
'Returns the triangles of the given creation sequence.'.
'Displays an error message in a debug context.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a shell script.'.
'Returns True if the model matches the given filters.'.
'Return a human-readable version of a number of seconds.
'Return a list of available datasources'.
'fastfn(outs, mode=None, model=None) -> str DCNL
'Optimizes the angle to be positive or negative.'.
'Create a fire header'.
'Creates a model dictionary for the given resource type and properties.
'Generates a random API key.'.
'Return the sum of the LSCs in the given array.
'Redirects to the file\'s canonical date.'.
'Makes a basic binary matrix with a basic pool. DCNL Parameters DCNL rng :
'Get the embed function for a list of shells.
'Return the end of a line of the string at the given position.'.
'Convert a name value to a dictionary.'.
'This function is called when an application error occurs.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2016.3.0 DCNL Set the value of a configuration
'Test that locate_app works as expected.'.
'Return a list of (codename, codename) tuples of all permissions.'.
'Returns the origin'.
'Checks the lengths of the bcs header field. DCNL :param header:
'Rescale the device from the queue.'.
'.. versionadded:: 2014.7.0 DCNL Set the value of the named
'Reset the builtins directory.'.
'puts() with encoding type None output'.
'Wraps a traceback into a tuple of tuples.
'Returns the checksum of the given value.
'Convert a Python object to a source file.'.
'Returns the course creator status for the given user.'.
'Returns a list of recently viewed products.'.
'Print information about a virtual machine.
'Encode a frame using LZ4.'.
'Prompt the user for a raw input.
'Demonstrates the DG grammar.'.
'Delete extra specs for a volume type.'.
'Guess the number of streams in a given size.
'Get data from Firebase DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Delete a search index.'.
'Get the frontover width and add x intersection indexes.'.
'Decrypts the given ciphertext using a URL-safe secret key.
'Compute irreducibility of ``f`` in ``GF(p)[
'Copy a file from source to dest using os.link.'.
'Test drop epochs with multiple events.'.
'Escapes a string for use in a URL.
'Ensure an event source mapping is absent.
'Print all benchmarked functions.'.
'Encodes a list of (content_type, body) tuples as multipart form data
'Return True if the current user is the admin user'.
'.. versionadded:: 2015.8.0 DCNL Show information about a load balancer DC
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'<text> -- Spell <text>'.
'Returns True if the SSO enhancements feature is enabled.'.
'Validates that the given station name is valid.
'Get the minimum of a path.'.
'Loads a value from a base64-encoded string.
'Publish a file. DCNL Parameters DCNL source : string DCNL source_path DC
'Set proto library configuration.'.
'Return True if engine services are running'.
'Install a pecl class.
'Test shell_env'.
'Get the xmlObject of an element.'.
'Displays the content type selection widget.'.
'Closes the specified database.
'Cleans whitespace in a statement.'.
'Get information about a device.
'Return the path to the git repository.'.
'Parse Dsymutil data.'.
'Returns the expected bar value for the given asset_id, date and column name.
'Create a header from a decoded sequence.
'Get the routing table for a given IP version.
'Add a virtual host to the virtual host list.
'Get a refactoring tool.'.
'Return a list of format modules for the given language.
'Parse the Solc compiler output.'.
'Return the python path for mrjob.'.
'Wait for a message to be received.'.
'Return a list of upstart services'.
'Return a list of github releases for the given project.
'Compute nt zeros of the ker-zoecker product of nt.
'Run upgrades on the store.'.
'API: accepts output'.
'Perform a trade event on the given portfolio.
'Checks if G77-abi is installed.'.
'Substitute a set of arguments.
'Returns True if the item is a sequence.'.
'Place queens on the board.'.
'Clears the watch listener.'.
'Get the list of local IPv6 addresses on Windows'.
'Returns True if the two strings are secure.'.
'Resolve a package name to a string.'.
'Fixture to clear cache.'.
'Checks if the given element has any rels in it.'.
'Destroys the local database.'.
'Asserts that the given function raises an AssertionError if the given class does not exist.'.
'Update metadata for a snapshot.'.
'Get the hypersearchwinning model id for a given job id.'.
'Set the layer rule.'.
'Returns the gcode path for a given path type, layer thickness, startpoint.'
'Return the media url for the given path.'.
'Kill a process tree.'.
'Notify an application with a mini notification.'.
'Get all subordinate groups for a user.
'Parse a list of linters and return a list of (name, linter)
'Return the bind address'.
'Returns the brightness state of the given value.'.
'Return the cumulative sum of the values along the given axis.
'Generate a random graph.'.
'Set the default app.'.
'Return the first element of a sequence.'.
'removequotes(s, l, t) -> string DCNL Remove quotes from the
'Return the type of an address.
'Cleans the current locale.'.
'Replaces the globals of a function with new globals.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Set the mode of the instance to the old mode.'.
'Returns the name and version of a file.
'Get a list of functions for the given names, arrays, dtype, and alias.'
'Returns the difference of ``f`` with ``p`` in ``K[X
'Returns True if the value is an integer less than or equal to 1.'.
'Return the color for the given IRC color match.'.
'Renders the given template with the given context.
'Return the project time day as a string.'.
'Returns True if the given ip and mask are in the subnet.'.
'Cartesian product of two lists.'.
'Run reindex_reviews.'.
'Return the XFS inventory DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Lists the instructor tasks for a student.'.
'Convert a mage hsv tuple to an rgb tuple.'.
'ccall_method(x) -> None'.
'Determine the runner for the given bbdir.'.
'Returns the kurtosis of an iterable.
'Test either if an error when there is a single class'.
'Return a string representation of a bytestring.
'Get a list of range objects from a header value.
'Returns True if the given IP addresses are a subset of the DCNL IP addresses in the
'Test the sklearn estimator compatibility'.
'Test higher-order autoencoder initialization.'.
'Format data at position pos.'.
'Parse the execute message and return user, op, method, and request.'.
'Read images from a directory and return as numpy arrays.'.
'Register the Linux bridge driver.'.
'Read pillar data from the given url and return as a dict'.
'Returns the first match in the string that matches the pattern.'.
'Return the absolute URL to the given URL. DCNL :param url: The URL to
'Wmc view'.
'Cluster a list of vectors using k_means and hierarchical methods.'.
'Creates a text file with the given filename.
'Return a copy of the eye with all the indices in n, reversed.'.
'Get the selinux enforce DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'classify(model_data_path, image_paths) -> None DCNL Class
'Move the user\'s source to the remote organization.'.
'Return the name of the static file.'.
'Update flash params for image.'.
'Convert a path to a resource.
'Convert a file to a standard output file.'.
'Rename a file or directory, if it already exists.'.
'Returns True if the given header is a valid hop header.'.
'Decodes an error into a tuple (error_a1, error_a3)
'Returns a template response for the given templates.
'Import an image from imgadm DCNL uuid : string DCNL uuid of image DC
'Constructor for cuda_shared_variable.
'Deaturate prop'.
'Returns a SessionStore instance for the given reply channel.
'instantiate a proxy tuple.
'Build the documentation for the given branch.'.
'Given a string and a key, synthesize the nonce.'.
'Create a new connect viewer.'.
'Put away an object'.
'Remove a service.'.
'Create an inventory object for the given resource provider and resource class.'.
'Get all networks for a project.'.
'Converts an object to a ``GoF.Variable``.
'Compute stats for each episode.'.
'center(g, e = None) -> list DCNL Return the center of the el
'Convert a string array to a string array.
'Return whether the given language is trusted.'.
'Return the common dtype for the given columns.
'Run migrations in line'.
'Log the request hooks.'.
'Activate a translation.'.
'Forgot password form'.
'Returns the assignment type for the given user group.'.
'Main entry point for the WSGI server.'.
'Renders a CDF and returns a dictionary of scales DCNL Parameters DCNL c
'Test rename channels'.
'expand_args(args, flist) -> list DCNL Return a list of args
'Get the Overhang support angle.'.
'Check if net address works with prefixlen.'.
'Get the name of the git repository in the given directory.'.
'Converts a value to a JSON string.
'Parses ACL V2 data into a dictionary.
'Return a string with all the ellipses removed.'.
'Get all available regions for the Elb service.
'Set the default values for the SQLAlchemy configuration.
'Skip test if abstfn contains a backslash.'.
'Remove a field from an expression.
'Set the default colormap to jet and apply to current image if any. DCNL See
'Returns a tuple of (unpickled, tell) of the given string.'.
'Return the result of a function'.
'Fix unicode strings in a dictionary.'.
'gpu_from_host(x, y, z) -> gpu_gemv
'Return a dict with the given settings as keys and values as values.'.
'Convert a list of revisions to a list of dicts.'.
'Return the first node in the tree that is split by expr.'.
'Return a list of the user\'s data'.
'MailingList view'.
'Searches the elastic index.'.
'Converts content to camelCased JSON.'.
'Helper for gitlab hooks.'.
'Check if a sheet is writable.'.
'This is a helper function for the next LEGG iteration.'.
'Return a list of all system services DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Setup virtualenvs.'.
'Return the version of the current platform.'.
'Rheader for NZ Seel2. DCNL Parameters DCNL rheader_tab
'Return the version of the minion DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Report a warning when a property is deprecated.'.
'Associate a node with a set of values.
'Process the xml element.'.
'Make a regular expression from a mask.
'Render a template string with the given context with the given context.'.
'Get the host of the Arp node.'.
'Return the square root of ``n`` from ``a`` to ``a`
'Only load if the module is available in __salt__'.
'SubxmlHTMLSgmlRefs(s) -> string DCNL Return a copy of s
'Get the authentication password.'.
'Returns an event response.'.
'Only load if Junos is installed'.
'Get the filenames and classes from the dataset directory.'.
'Get uptime in seconds.'.
'Release libvlc instance. DCNL.
'Get an attribute by name.
'Convert a domain name to a filename.
'Test that dimensionless units can be converted to SI units.'.
'Return the absolute path of the given path.
'Transforms a numpy array to a list.'.
'Write a statistic repository to a gcode file.
'Paste a paster server.'.
'Shows a status check'.
'Returns a list of discrete attributes for the given domain.'.
'Return an instance action API class.'.
'wrap result to a numpy array'.
'Validate the format of a Docker container.'.
'Returns the file descriptor max if it exists.'.
'split_train_test(all_instances) -> (train_set, test_
'Serialize a TarInfo object into a tuple of (filename, size, mtime, gid)
'RESTful CRUD controller'.
'Set the lowest priority.
'Find a host in the inventory.'.
'Whether a gcode linear move file.'.
'Set stock basics.'.
'Reset the clock for the current time of the movie instance.'.
'Return a copy of the given object, with the given **kw.
'List all available upgrades DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Initialize the pyo server.'.
'Get the document node.'.
'Returns the waterbutler URL for the given route, provider, path and node.
'Redirect to my_user_info page'.
'Determine if the password is encrypted or not.'.
'Dubconstant(t) -> float DCNL >>> t_dubconstant(t
'Add pillar by loops.'.
'Return the class docstring for the given path.'.
'Multiply two Cldr coefficients.
'Generates a generator for log messages.'.
'Update a model instance if it\'s dirty.'.
'Returns a standard normal sample of the given shape.'.
'Return the extent of the child phrase for the given head.'.
'Check if a module is a package.
'Build the m3u filename.'.
'Test source date epoch'.
'Return ssh configuration DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Validate that a circular reference is valid.'.
'Get a random integer of length n.
'Creates a Mapper for the given declarations.
'Load a pickled object from a file.'.
'Computes the minimum of a matrix.
'Test structs'.
'Quotes a URL using urllib.parse.quote.
'Redirect to the next openid page.'.
'Start scanning for photos.'.
'Sort a dictionary. DCNL :param dict: The dictionary to sort DCNL :param
'Authenticates an LTI user.
'Determine if n is a probability prime.
'Delete a chain from a table DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'ignorable_statement : ignorable_statement ignorable_statement
'Escape abbreviations in text.'.
'Rebuild all generated modules.'.
'Loads all fixtures from a dictionary.'.
'Return a finder object for the given path.'.
'Encode the input using the given encoding.
'Expand brackets in a string. DCNL :param s: The string to expand DC
'Expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__'.
'Select icons for a bracket option.'.
'Shows the format of the rule in verbose mode.'.
'Setup the Anel device platform.'.
'Attach epic statuses to each object of the queryset.
'FeatureLoader.find_feature_files works in a directory'.
'Returns a JSON representation of a calendar'.
'Deletes a blob from the blobstore.
'Get all networks belonging to an instance.'.
'Test getting new command'.
'Get the type of the head of a pattern.'.
'Return a list of command-line arguments for the user to enter a password DCNL CLI
'Load the data and return a Dataset object.'.
'Set the extension of a URL.
'Return an instance of the etcd connection.'.
'ensure_trans(trans, fro=string_types, to=string_types
'Check the compatibility of MongoDB and MongoDB.'.
'Writes user_group_mapping to path.
'Test that an exception is raised when no_err_windows is set.'.
'Creates a TaxedPriceInfo object for the given item and priceful.
'Returns True if ``p`` canon_bp(p)``.
'Return a list of (prompt, token) tuples for the current user.'.
'Create a user list DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Attach userstory extra info to each object of the queryset.
'Return a list of manifest files for the given extension.
'Run a command and return its output.'.
'Get translation.'.
'Return the SHA1 hash of a file.
'Register the ovs driver.'.
'Remove a media list index. DCNL.
'Set form action.'.
'Determine if a value is an integer or float.'.
'Set the default colormap to viridis'.
'Create a new primary key field.'.
'Returns a list of instance changes for the given state'.
'Delete a policy. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Test fit and sample routines'.
'Customise the org_resource fields.'.
'Read a list of fragments from a file.
'Format the size in bytes.
'Sends a list of mails to the server.
'List samples by user.'.
'Convert bytes to unicode.'.
'Creates a route to fireplace.
'Encode a Morse message.
'Clear the system\'s contents DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Run thehorcmgr command on the given instance.'.
'Test show with files not found'.
'Download subtitles from youtube.'.
'Start the notification server.'.
'Closes an iframe. DCNL :param request: The request object DCNL :param
'Open an explorer path.'.
'Get the dependency graph for a list of packages.'.
'Test output with colored newline'.
'Return a list of the databases in MongoDB DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Rename similar files in a folder.
'Parse a query string into a dictionary. DCNL Parameters DCNL qs : string DCNL
'Return set of merged PRs between start_ref and end_ref.'.
'Return True if all keys in source are in comparee, False otherwise.'.
'Get the pack from the index.'.
'Returns a queryset of products that user is staff or staff.'.
'Sanitise base32 data. DCNL Parameters DCNL data : string DCNL
'Test that replay.load raises if replay_test_dir does not exist.'.
'Test tight_layout'.
'Parse an ARFF attribute type.'.
'Parse a Roman number.'.
'Create a proxy for a multi-constructor object.'.
'Registers a callback to be invoked when logging is enabled.'.
'Set the disk timeout for the given power scheme.
'Return True if the given command exists, False otherwise.'.
'Computes the logarithm of the dirichlet norm.
'Get a file-like object from a filepath or buffer.
'Generate a property from a template file.'.
'Revoke a certificate from a CA.
'Unquotes a JSON document.
'Returns the inverse of ``fib(n)``.'.
'Add a point to the path if it is free.'.
'Converts an entry element to a Queue object.'.
'Removes an article from a string.'.
'Demonstrates how to draw a tree.'.
'Get epochs from raw file.'.
'Raise an exception if the request user is not an admin.
'Create a gradient for the given base color.'.
'Verify that the current virtualenv has the specified requirements revision.
'display(s) -> string DCNL Return a string with indented text.'.
'Removes a module from the modules configuration.
'Returns the standard deviation of a property.'.
'Context manager that changes the current working directory to the specified DCNL directory.
'Loads a JSON file into a dictionary.'.
'Get the repository writer.'.
'Return the filename of a file'.
'Rolls back the upgrade process.'.
'Adds traits to a base object.
'Default render failure handler.'.
'Test genesis_fixture.'.
'Ensure expressions are float.'.
'Decipher a string or list of objects. DCNL :param decipher: DCNL
'Returns a representation of the given column dictionary.'.
'Check if a point is inside a polygon.'.
'Returns the return data type for the given function name.
'Convert a string to a string.'.
'Ensure that the current process is running.
'Returns a function that returns a dictionary of the given attributes.'.
'Return the parent process ID.'.
'Log all files in the task.'.
'Convert text to QColor.
'Download a file from the remote host.'.
'Return a list of sibling lines of a file.'.
'Run the Celery command line.'.
'Get all rooms on the server.'.
'Create ports tree DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'*musicpd.org, search section:* DCNL ``searchadd [search
'Creates an entity_pb.EntityProto for the given query.
'Creates a context for the contribution of an addon.'.
'Check to see if import_translation_for_log_or_exception is found in
'Discretize a model using bilinear regression.'.
'Converts a datetime to the current time zone.
'Returns a list of encoded tuples for the given ldapcontrols.'.
'Get the username and uid.'.
'Return the XML root closing tag.'.
'Load an experiment.'.
'Return a string representing the number of hours in seconds since the epoch.
'Show a server. DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.. code-block:: bash
'Set the log methods for the given logger.'.
'Dedent a function\'s docstring.'.
'Returns a list of the elements of seq1 that are not in seq2.'.
'Convert a hex string to a hex string.'.
'Try to jump to the given location.
'Return the amount of shared memory allocated to the virtual machine DCNL CLI Example: DCNL
'Start the specified engines on the master'.
'ppo(ds, fastperiod, slowperiod, matype=numpy)
'Get or create an identifier for a node.
'Load a shape texture.'.
'Returns a list of (key, value) pairs from a dictionary.
'Get the base path.'.
'Return a list of meta-fields'.
'Test unicode file encoding'.
'Calls a function on the application\'s function.
'View to display log messages.'.
'Open a log file.
'Get the current git changeset.'.
'Splits a DataFrame into a group of asset groups and asset groups.
'Delete a key DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Test training of a dense design matrix.'.
'Test basic piping.'.
'Test proxy post'.
'Print a list of elements.
'Add a host key to the system.
'Get a server certificate.
'Return the disk type for the given VM DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Assert that index is product of multiple levels.'.
'Select a joystick.'.
'Returns a tuple of (fs, length) of the given text.'.
'Expand polynomials in ``K[x]``.
'Check if a pg database exists.
'Return a path to a state file DCNL CLI Example: DCNL.
'Exit all the actions.'.
'Get the polar motion.'.
'Test to_hdf with link optimizations'.
'*musicpd.org, events section:* DCNL ``noidle ''
'Return True if the given release has failed.
'Converts a datetime to a naive datetime.tz.
'Convert a URL to a path name.
'Convert a datetime to microseconds.'.
'Find all loaded names of a code object.'.