Emit the value without checking whether the queue is empty or not
Wrap an observable source
Return an observable sequence that contains all elements sorted according to the supplied comparator.
Create an observable that contains only the items emitted by the connectableobservable
Create a new instance of the unicast processor with the specified capacity.
Create a new instance of the unicast processor.
A reactive form of tryscalarxmapsubscribe where the source is a callable.
scalarxmap flowable.
Reset all schedulers to their default state.
Convert a completable source to a Maybe
Construct a Maybe from a single source
Retry at most times or until the predicate evaluates to true.
Throws a nullpointerexception with the given message if the object is null.
Returns the identity function.
Creates a callable that returns the supplied value.
Return a function that ignores the return type of the given value.
Returns a function that casts its argument to the type of the target class. The return value
Create a new unicast subject.
Create a new unicast subject with the specified capacity hint and the default bool type.
Create a new unicast subject with the specified capacity and runnable.
Create a new unicast subject.
Blocking geterror implementation.
Blocking geterror
This method blocks if there is no more data in the buffer or if the buffer is non -
Drains the queue in a maximum loop. A maximum loop is run when the queue is
Enqueue an asynchronous request to the given subscription. If the number of prefetch requests is less than
Tries to complete the upstream with the given result.
Get the current value of the parameter
Get throwable for the value.
Validates that the two disposables are not null and that they are both disposed.
Atomically set the next disposable object to the upstream reference without notifying observers of the change.
Validate the given upstream and next subscription. If upstream is not null and next is not null cancel
Atomically sets the next subscription as the current subscription and returns true if the previous one was set
Return a new long that is the addition of two long values. If the addition exceeds the maximum
Returns the result of multiplying the two arguments without underflow or overflow.
Add n to requested and return the updated value.
This method is used to convert a Throwable to a nullpointerexception
}
Shuts down all pools and clears the internal state.
create a new scheduled thread pool with the given thread factory
Set the new subscription if the current one matches the current one. If there is no current subscription
This method emits code for every object in the queue
If the given throwable is an instance of error or runtimeexception wrap it in a runtimeexception and
Flatten an exception stack into a list
Throws the throwable if it is an instance of exception otherwise returns it as an instance of exception.
Clears the set of resources and disposes it.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Attempt to subscribe to a scalar value from an observer for when the source is a scalar.
Map the input value to a new observable sequence
test capacities and accept them
see NotificationLite # accept for more details
start the consumer
This method is called when the data is first added to the sink and when the sink is unbound
Attempts to add an item to the queue if the queue is not already full. If the
Get the current value of the resource.
Completes the stream with the given value. If the stream is already closed this method has no
This method is called when an error occurs from the input stream.
Complete the write request.
Wait for the given number of messages.
Issues a request to the upstream subscription.
Add a subscriber.
remove a subscriber from the queue.
Create a new connectableflowable which is an observer of the given connectableflowable
Parse the annotations on a method and return a corresponding httpservicemethod instance.
Set the delay for the request.
Use the errorfactory to create an error response.
Calculate the delay based on the variance of the data
sample data from the database
private static final int serialVersionUID = 1 ;
search for a user by username
Encode the password using the configured salt generator.
Returns true if the raw password matches the encoded password false otherwise.
Do not perform any version checks when using the new version of SPring.
Determines whether the specified spring version and spring security version are disable checks. If the specified version is
Get the spring security core version from the properties file.
add a new attributeexchange configurer.
oauth2client configurer.
oauth2resourceserver configurer.
Compare the specified dn with a single attribute of the specified value.
retrieve an entry from the directory.
Looks up attribute values of the given attributename in the given base and filter.
searchforsingleentry internal.
Build searchcontrols from the original one
lookup the primary keys for a set of acls
Build the preauthenticatedgrantedauthoritieswebauthenticationdetails object
Create an embedded server definition.
create a new servlet api filter if the provideservletapi is set to the same
create the jaasapiintegrationfilter if it is the same as what we get from the http
Use whitelisted defaulttyping.
Insert the spring security filter chain.
This method returns one token for a given series id.
Get the list of granted authorities for the given attributes
Create a new cipher instance for the given algorithm.
{ } } }
The doFilter method of the servlet. This method is called when a request is processed by the
principalchanged Delegate to preauthenticatedprincipal if the principal changed.
Do the actual authentication
Check whether the response has been fully written to the output stream.
Convert a collection of authorities to a set of grantedauthorities.
Set the loginprocessingurl of the client.
Set authentication defaults.
Update loginprocessingurl and failureurl based on configured permitall flag
return null ; }
Extract remember me cookie from request
Encode the cookie value using base64.
Sets a cookie based on the tokens.
Override Mono resolveargument to use a securitycontext
Get querystring with the artifact pattern replacement.
Returns the port number of the CAS server running the specified URL. If the port number is not
Returns the principal of the current authentication.
Log out the user
Authenticate the given authentication token. If the authentication token is a usernamepasswordauthenticationtoken this method
Set the context environment properties.
Returns the full url that should be used for the next redirect.
Method called at end of Tag
This method initialises the userdetailsservice.
private int num_ = 1 ;
Adds the pkce parameters to the additional parameters map.
Determines if the current request requires authentication.
service ticket request boolean.
Authenticate ticket request boolean.
Returns whether the user is authenticated or not.
Check if the proxy is configured and matches the request.
create a securityexpressionroot
Use HTTP GET to retrieve the JWKSET.
URL - encode the given value using UTF - 8.
get websphere groups based grantedauthorities
Load user by assertion.
Get pre - authenticated principal object
Concatenate byte arrays into one byte array sequentially.
subarray returns a new byte array that contains all of the elements in the original array.
get all grantedauthorities for the given attributes
Preprocess the map so that keys that are not null are converted to strings.
collection with grantedauthority
Add grantedauthority collection to result.
Get pre - authenticated principal.
Returns the shared object with the given shared type.
build https redirect url for request
Method invoke invokes the specified callback for the given method invocation
Returns a string that has the given role prepended.
add any number of roles to the beginning of the names
Called when the user successfully authenticated with the given credentials.
Attempt to switch the current user.
{ } }
Sets the exituserurl.
display public index page
spring security filter chain.
Create a JWT token from a string
Authorize using access expression.
Authorize using URL check.
Convert JWT to a collection of grantedauthorities.
Wrap the request in a csrftoken object
display the details of a contact
Display the add permission page for a contact
add a new permission to a user
Get a role with a default prefix appended to it
Creates a new userdetailsresourcefactorybean from the given string.
Returns the values of the specified attribute. The attribute name must be one of the attributes defined in
Returns the first attribute value of the given name.
This method encodes a charsequence into a newly allocated byte array.
Decode a base64 encoded string from a byte array.
Look up parameter names for a specified object.
Add new contact.
Find attributes for the given method and target class. If the target class is null then return null
add secure method.
Get all config attributes for all methods.
Returns true if the method name matches the mapped name.
Provides a way to configure a server to send any HTTP request.
Handle bind exception.
get a random contact
Clear the authentication attributes from the session
{ return null ; } }
Create service url.
Create login url to redirect to the given service url.
Extract a prefix from a base64 encoded string.
Always returns a 401 error code to the client.
Check the filter stack for duplicates.
Returns the registered throwable types.
Try to extract the cause of the throwable.
register a new access manager with the parsercontext
convert a collection of grantedauthority objects to a set of authority
Compares two byte arrays for equality.
Sets the defaultfailureurl.
Sets the function that resolves hidden input paths. The input path is relative to the main request
Returns the request URL removing the context path.
Checks if is absolute url.
Create a list of attributes for the given identifier.
Converts an identifier from a resultset to a serializable identifier.
create entries in the database that match the given mutableacl
Create or retrieve the primary key of the given objectidentity.
function to update object identity of mutableacl
Save a saved request if the requestmatcher matches the request.
Create a serverwebexchangematcher that matches requests with the given path patterns.
{ }
Creates a new textencryptor with the given password and salt. The resulting textencryptor will
Create a text encryptor for the given password and salt.
Encrypt queryable text.
Write the X - Frame - Options headers.
Determine the target URL of the response. Subclasses can override to customize the behavior.
Determine the targeturl to redirect to if always usedefaulttargeturl is set to true.
Sets the targeturlparameter value for this recommendation.
directory with immediate parent populated
Build a DN from a username
Create shared objects map.
configure the jas using loop
Get the current date and time as a string.
Parse a date using a set of dateformats.
Adds an entry to the cache. If the cache already contains more entries it is cleared first.
Sets the details of the given authentication request to the value of the authentication detailssource.
Get user securityname from subject.
Returns the list of websphere groups for the given security name.
Build the DN of a group.
throws sessionauthenticationexception if maximum number of allowed sessions was exceeded.
copy details from one authentication token to another if it is not already set.
Get the filters that match a given request.
get list of filters from server
Get the application context from the page context.
Return the full distinguished name corresponding to the specified distinguishedname.
Set session attributes.
Construct a basic authentication scheme using the provided username and password.
Adds a list of filters to the existing set of filters.
Add the specified filters to the current set of filters.
Construct a basic authentication scheme.
Create a new authentication scheme for the NetScaler NTLM.
Create an authenticationscheme based on the given username and password.
Set the proxy for the given URI.
print a response to a stream
defines a redirect policy
set the default charset for the query parameter if it is not specified
set default object mapper type.
set jaxbobjectmapperfactory.
Sets the logconfig property.
Sets the session configuration to use when authenticating with the server
Sets the objectmapper config.
Sets the jsonconfig parameter.
change xml config to new object
Sets encoder configuration.
Sets the headerconfig value
new asyncconfig restassuredmockmvcconfig
Sets the mockmvcconfig object.
multipart config.
Sets the parameter config to use with the requests
matcherconfig is the matcher configuration to use.
Allow all hostnames on the server.
Declare the namespaces for the mapper.
add a declared namespace to the path
do the request defined by the closure and return the response.
Set the request headers.
Set the default proxy for all requests
Sets the name of the control.
Add a HTTP header to the request.
Performs a basic authentication on the given host and port.
Performs NTLM authentication for the given host and port.
Create a new headers object with the given header.
Reset all the static variables to their defaults
Add a new header to the response
Build the final response object.
Specify a matcher for a value of the string
Specify a matcher for a comment string
Specify a matcher for the expiry date of the cookie value.
Specify a matcher for the domain part of the cookie property
Specify a matcher for a path property.
Matches if the input contains a secured value.
Specify a matcher for a cookie that should be considered HTTP - only.
Specify a matcher for the version of the cookie that is set.
Specify a matcher for the maximum age of the cookie value to match.
Expect the header to contain a value matching the expected pattern.
Adds an expectation for an HTTP response header
Expects a cookie with the given name and value.
Return a proxyspecification object with the given host.
jsonpath number return type
set default parser type for jsonpath
set printstream for default
enable logging of requests and responses if validation fails
httprequestbase factory method
Set default boundary.
add a new attribute
Add a header
add a multipart control
Add some result handlers
Set a parameter for the httpclient
Creates a new instance of httpclientconfig with the specified parameters.
Set the httpclientfactory.
set the httpmultipartmode.
GET the specified path
; }
return 0
return CODEINTEGER ;
Get the float value for the path.
Gets the double value for the specified path.
return 0
Get a list of values from the store based on a path and a generic type
Get the value at the given path as a map.
Get the first object matching the path.
set request body with object mapper
Add a cookie to the request spec.
Add a parameter to the request
Add a parameter to the request
Configuration for the form parameters update strategy
Activates a logging filter that prints responses to the given printstream if they match a
Create a new cookies instance with the given cookie and additionalcookies.
Cleanup the backing map for the given keys and sources
Indexes the implicit bindings using the current state.
getbindingorthrow.
{ return null }
Cleanup the dependencies of the given binding instance.
Remove a failed JIT binding and remove its members from the store
Returns the internal dependencies of a binding implementation.
Creates a binding implementation for the given key to the given source.
Get all the parameters associated with the given single - parameter injectors.
The injector is a special case because it knows the injection point of the method that is called on
The logger is a special case because it knows the injection point of the injected member. It s
Returns whether a binding annotation is misplaced.
; }
Sets the delegate.
{ return null }
Resolve all the types in the given array.
Canonicalize the type literal so that it can be used as a key in the injector.
{ }
Canonicalize the given classloader.
check if the classloader uses the same class as the cglib library
Returns true if the given member is publiclycallable i. e. if it is a public
If the key has an annotation returns the key with the annotation. Otherwise returns the key unchanged.
Implementation of the initializable request injection.
Cycles through all the pending injections and validates them.
create a new instance of the target class
Scope a factory with the given key and source and scoping.
If the scoping is annotated with a scope annotation return an injectable scoping.
Removes leading and trailing query string from path.
Gets the annotation.
Check whether the given annotation is retained at runtime.
Returns the first scope annotation in the array of annotations.
Returns the key for the given type member member and annotation or null if the key does not exist
Returns a human - readable name for the given key.
Initializes the delegate using the given provider.
Add a binding for the binding selection.
get a constructorinjector from the cache
Checks if an interceptor class has a scope annotation.
realmapbinder with custom annotation
return a key that may be used to store a new value
Provision a service using the provisioned service.
Produce a copy of this message with the same content.
; }
Gets all the assistedmethods in the system.
Returns true if the type is not specified in the exception
Returns true if the constructor has matching params otherwise false.
Return the dependencies of the given injection point for the given implementation
Returns the dependencies that are not assisted.
isvalidforassistedinject = false ;
newinjector. newinjector
{ return null }
Report a missing implementation with hint.
creates a new realmultibinder with the given key and new instance of the realmultibind
Return a key that can be used to create a new item from the current selection
Find the next filter that matches the request.
check if the constructor has atinject annotation
Get the internal constructor injection point.
Get the internal dependencies of this injection strategy. These are the dependencies of the first injection found in
scans the annotations of a module and adds them to a scanner
Returns the annotation for the given method or null if none found.
Returns the line number of the given member.
Initialize the injector.
Verifies that the provided object is an instance of the correct class and canonicalizes it.
warning )
Creates a new members injector and attaches listeners.
; } private List < singlememberinjector > injectors
Creates a new key for a class and an annotation strategy.
Creates an annotation strategy for the given annotation instance.
Creates an annotation type strategy for the given annotation type.
Remove internal classes from the stacktrace of the given throwable.
The source of the binding.
Creates a formatted message from the specified format and arguments.
Creates a formatted message from the given cause and message format.
Create a new instance of a message with the specified cause.
Convert a source object to an actual source object.
Returns true if the class should be skipped.
Gets a stacktrace element for the given class names.
Entry point for the example application.
Associate the dependency instance with the given source. This method is called when the stack frame is entered
Pushes the state for the given key from the given source.
Returns an initializable that gets the value of the given instance and converts it to a string
Provision the injected object.
Process the connection event.
Adds a connection event processor to the pipeline of processors for a particular type.
Get the result of a future task
Throws checked exceptions in unhandled cases. Throws checked exceptions in unhandled cases.
register processor.
register a processor as the default if no other processor is registered
Gets the processor for a given command code.
Attempt to get the url corresponding to the given url string
Decode the protocol code from the bytebuf.
get all connections from all connection pools
Scan for new connections.
{ return null }
throws IOException { }
remove the connection task from the map
= null ; }
Performs the actual connection creation.
Removes a connection to a particular address
This method is called when the connection is closed.
Close the connection to the remote node.
Sets the attribute with the specified key to the specified value if it is not already set.
Register a userprocessor with the userprocessors collection.
Register userprocessor to the processor.
Processes the given request command to the userprocessor.
Deserialize the given request command.
preprocess the context before remoting.
Log the timeout of an RPC request.
Log the details of the request.
Processes the message.
Send the one - way request.
Converts a bitset to a byte.
Convert a number into a bitset.
Adds a new reconnect task.
toremotingcommand implementation.
filter the list of connections based on service status
Close fresh select connections
system properties boolean
print info log
check whether the request timed out
Gets the userprocessor for the class.
get a random connection from the pool
Get a context value.
Get a property. The value may be null.
Converts the responsecommand to a responseobject. If the responsestatus of the responsecommand is successful
convert responsecommand to responseobject
convert a rpcresponsecommand to a throwable if it is one.
print error message from responsecommand
Create an rpcserverexception from a throwable
print connection trace log
Creates a new event loop group with the specified number of threads and thread factory.
Parse the remote address of the given channel.
Parse the local address of the given channel.
Get the remote IP address of the target server of the specified channel.
Returns the hostname of the remote host on the underlying channel or an empty string if there is no
Get the local IP address of the given channel.
Parse the remote port from the given channel.
Returns the port of the local host on the given channel or - num_ if not found.
socket address to host ip.
Add a connection to the pool.
Remove a connection and try to close it.
Register a custom serializer for a class.
get the customserializer for a class
Register a custom serializer for a command code
Get the customserializer for a given commandcode.
Check whether the remote address is connected.
Initializes the write buffer watermark which is an integer between 0 and the configured value.
Create a new instance of framedataimpl1 with the given opcode.
returns true if there are no more bytes to write
Sets the code for this result.
Check that the payload is UTF - 8 encoded.
Set the payload in the super class.
Checks whether the server supports the requested protocol.
Translate single frame check length limit.
Translate single frame check packet size.
Generate the final key using the concatenation of the current key and the final key.
Process a continuous and non - fin frame.
Process binary frame.
Log a runtimeexception.
Processes text frame.
This method is called when a new data frame is received from the client
Process a frame that is not a complete frame.
Processes a frame that represents a frame closing.
If the number of frames in the current buffer exceeds the limit then clear the buffer list and throw
Get the payload from the bytebuffer list.
Get the total number of bytes in the list of buffers
{ return null
{ return null
Decode a buffer containing the data from the socket.
Sends a response and closes the connection due to a wrong handshake.
Send a response and close the connection with an internal error.
Generate the httpresponse due to error.
Send a text frame to the client.
reset the websocket object to its initial state.
Connect the socket to the remote host. This creates a new thread for the connection.
Get the port of the uri.
send the handshake
Set the connection lost timeout in seconds
Stop the timer for the connection lost check.
Start the timer to restart after a connection lost event.
Restart the timer to detect new connections.
Sends a pong if the last pong has expired.
Cancels the connectionlosttimer.
This method is called when a client handshake is received from a server.
Called when the websocket is pinged.
Stop the UDP relay server.
Returns the port that this socket is bound to.
additionalread is a method called by the websocket library for each connection in the queue to perform additional
accept a connection.
do the work of actually reading from the socket
perform a batch write
start the selector thread and the server thread.
this method must only be called with a single thread
Shutdown the websocket server
get a socket for a connection
Broadcast raw data to all connected clients.
Broadcast a message to a set of clients
Broadcast data to all connected clients.
create frames from string and bytebuffers if they do not exist yet
Transfers all bytes from the source bytebuffer to the destination bytebuffer. The number of bytes
start the jpa api
Get entity manager by name.
Execute a block within a transaction
Convert arguments to scalabuffer.
If the last argument is a list then wrap it in a list else return it.
Calls the messages function of the given language.
Retrieve the translation for the provided list of keys
Is the translation for this key defined in the given language?
Return a new messages object with a list of preferred languages from the given collection of languages
Get the messages for the preferred language based on the request header information.
Change the language of the given object.
Adds the bindings for the given modules.
Add the bindings for the given modules.
Set explicit bindings for all guiceable bindings.
Specify the modules that the returned object should override.
Add overrides for the given modules.
Provides a list of overrides for the binding types in the guiceable.
Disable the given modules.
{ }
Returns an optional value if the existing file exists.
Gets the annotation instance for the given scope.
Static factory method for creating a new tuple
Static factory method for creating a 5 - element HList.
Convert an executioncontext to an executor if it is not already an executor.
Creates a new configuration instance with the default settings.
Factory method to create a new jpaconfig instance with the given parameters.
Creates a new jpaconfig from the given map of key - value pairs.
create a new string with the given callback name
create a json string from a json node
Add mapped constraint validator.
Returns a new instance for the given class.
get matching accessible method.
Override to customize error handling.
A callback that is invoked when a bad request is detected.
A shortcut method to render a default page for unauthorized access.
On not found.
Invoked when there was an error while trying to process a request.
Log a server error.
Convert a throwable to a useful exception.
ondevservererror Override to customize.
Invoked when there was an error while trying to access the production server.
Create a builddochandler from a list of files and a list of base directories
Creates a new builddochandler for a directory.
Creates a new builddochandler from the given directory and jarfile. The directory and jarfile
Creates a handler from a directory and a jar file.
Create a builddochandler for a jar file.
Consume data from the input stream.
Convert the xml content to an http entity.
Construct a httpentity from a string.
httpentity with chunked encoding and contenttype
Write a JSON node with HTTP status code and content.
Send a JSON response with status and content.
Creates a new result with the given status code and the given content.
Write the given inputstream to the response with the given status code.
Write a file with the given status code and content types.
Find user by id.
Select the preferred language from a collection of langs.
This method returns a new MVC call with the same parameters as this one but with a unique
Make a new mvc call with a fragment
Returns the absolute url for the given request.
Returns the full url to the websocket endpoint for the given request.
a connection function.
Create a connection function that execute the given block within the context of a connection.
Create a server instance for the given http mode and port
Convert an object to a jsonnode.
Deserialize a JSON object from a JSON node
Parse a json string into a jsonnode
Parse json inputstream to a jsonnode tree
{ }
Returns the canonical version of the given URL.
Convert a set of constraints to a list of displayable constraint tuples
Convert a constraintdescriptor to a tuple of display annotation and attribute values
Timeout the completion stage with the specified amount and time unit.
Parse the given cron expression and return the next valid date.
Get the next interval matching the cron expression and the date.
Create a new instance of the ahcwsclient.
Return an instance of this application builder for the given context.
Show the todo list.
Add a value to the current session.
Flash a value to the session.
Returns an annotation key that can be used to refer to the annotation instance s class name using the
Get the binding key for a given annotation.
Convert the binding to an implementation of the given class.
Create a binding that transforms the value of the underlying binding into the given provider.
Create a binding that uses the supplied supplier for the value.
Bind to a given key.
Convert the binding to an instance of the given provider.
Return a list of all available langs for the given application.
Select the preferred language from a list of available languages.
Construct a simpleevolutionsreader from a map of evolutions
Provide a reader for a set of evolutions.
Run the resetscripts algorithm on the given database and remove all pre - existing script evolutions
Run configuration loader on new environment.
Define a module loader for the application. This loader will load guiceable modules as a list
Load one or more modules.
Load application with the specified modules.
Load application with Play specific modules.
Load application with the given bindings.
Hook method for subclassing of GuiceApplicationbuilder to allow derived classes to override behavior associated with
Returns the encoded cookie.
Get entity manager from entity manager stack.
Returns the entity manager stack for the current request context. If the current request context is not thread
Push or pop an entity manager into the entity stack.
Bypass with a custom function and a user - defined number of arguments.
( ) ) ) ; }
Converts the arguments of an error method from an array of arguments
fill a form with a single value
Gets a list of global validation errors that have not been defined.
return all errors as json object
Get optional value mapped to given key
create a new dynamicform with the values from the map
Parse the given text into an object of the given type.
Parse a string to a type.
Prints the given type to the output stream
Prints a field to the standard output and returns the string.
Print a type to a string.
return null ; } } ) ; }
Register simple formatter for field type clazz.
Returns a cookie in a format suitable for sending to a server.
Given a path and a node return a new nodelist containing all nodes underneath the path that match
Convert a Java list to a scala. collection. immutable. seq
Returns a scala. collection. immutable. seq backed by the specified array
Varargs convert an array to a scala. collection. immutable. seq
Produce a web socket acceptor that accepts a JSON message.
A new websocket that returns a new websocket containing a new acceptor that returns a new websocket containing
Returns the primitive promotion cost of the two classes
Get total transformation cost.
Calculate the cost of an object transformation.
Get the translation for the given key
Get the translation for a list of keys
Create a new database from the given configuration
Create a parallel sorter for the specified arrays.
Sorts the specified range of the receiver into ascending order. The sorting algorithm is a tuned
Sorts the specified range of the receiver into ascending order by the specified comparator. The sorting algorithm
Invoke the method
Pushes the specified argument of the method onto the stack.
Emit a field instruction.
Pushes a zero onto the stack if the given type is a primitive. Then a null is
If the argument is a primitive type that can be unboxed as a zero then unbox
Process an array component type and call the callback for each element
Compare null with null in a simpler way.
Finds all bridge methods that are being called with invokespecial & returns their output
filterconstructors This method is used to filter a set of constructors to ensure they are only
Sets the superclass of the class.
getfield gets a field from a hash
Add a method to the set of method signatures and exception types.
Returns the number of bits set to the specified value.
Set the namingpolicy to be used. By default the system default is used.
Find methods within a class that are defined in the given set of names and descriptor strings.
Resolves a child path against a base path. The child path is removed from the beginning of
Reads a string from a file.
Sets the host header.
Create a new instance with the given method and destination.
Create a new connect request.
Create a new GET request.
Create a new POST request.
Create a new PUT request.
Create a new PATCH request.
Create a new DELETE request.
Create a new http request with the HEAD method.
Create a new http request with the trace method and the destination provided
HTTP OPTIONS request.
} }
Set the cookies for the request.
Add a query with the given name and values.
Add query parameters.
Sets the query string of the request.
Returns the query of this URL as a string.
Return url of the host
Sets the HTTP Basic Authentication header.
Sets the host header.
{ }
Removes the range between start and end from the first handler
Returns the length of the exception table for the first handler.
Collects all registered action interceptors.
Collect action filters.
Collect the action results from the resultsmanager
Collect all action runtimes from the actions manager
set simple property.
Gets the property by name.
Extract thisreference string from the property name
Gets the print writer.
Adds an object reference.
Get object reference by name.
Looks up an object reference.
Returns the entity descriptor for the tableref or null if the tableref is unknown.
Find table descriptor by column reference.
Returns the alias for the tableref or null if the tableref does not exist.
Register a table reference.
Returns an entity descriptor for the specified table reference.
Register a new hint.
return true ; }
Inject the servlet request attributes into the attributes of the servlet.
Inject parameters into the servlet request.
Inject uploaded files.
Convert property name to column name.
Convert the column name to the property name.
Apply the filter to the given columnname.
store a value in the preparedstatement
Prepare getvalue.
Get all of the items in the cache
Resolve a wrapper instance for the given class. If the wrapper already exists, it will be returned
create a new instance of the wrapperclass.
Converts all separators to the system separator.
Gets the path without the separator.
Splits a filename into its prefix path basename and extension components.
Returns targetpath relative to basepath.
Register a class to be handled by the webapp.
Register a consumer for an actionconfig type. The type is the fully qualified class name of the
The start of the webapp.
Register the common madvoc components
Classscanner exclude the given jars.
Include rules from the specified jars.
Classscanner include the given entries.
Class scanner that excludes the specified entries.
Scan jar file.
Scan the classpath for classes.
Returns the bytecode signature of a class.
Scan the given paths.
Start the engine.
creates a new transaction.
Get or create a default scope of a specific type.
Get or init scope.
Invoke the consumer for a specific scope type.
Creates a unique CSRF token in the session.
Make sure the set size is within the maximum allowed number of tokens per session
Returns true if the session contains a CSRF token with the given value.
create a beancopy from a bean source
copy the bean to a new beanutilbean
Visit a property of the destination object.
Initialize the reference from the templatedata.
Resolve a scope of a given type.
Register a petite bean with this bean definition.
Register a bean with the bean definition system
{ }
Resolve bean names for a given type.
Register a ctorinjectionpoint with a given beanname and paramtypes. The beanname should
Register a property injection point
Add a setinjectionpoint to a bean
Register a petite methodinjectionpoint
Registers a set of init methods for a bean with the given name.
Register a list of destroy methods for a bean with the specified name.
Registers a petite provider with a given bean and method name.
Registers a petite provider for a class.
Call consumer for each bean that has a type that is a certain type
Define parameters from a property set.
Intercept an action request and return the result.
Resolve java version.
PUSH int onto stack.
Checks that the given argument index is in range.
Create proxetta name for a field.
Create an advice method name from a name and an index.
Loads the special method arguments of the given method.
Loads the static method arguments of the given method.
Loads the virtual method arguments of the given method.
load a method argument
Stores the method argument of the method at the given index.
Prepares a return value for the given method.
Create a key to store the signatures of a method.
Allocate a new array of the given componenttype
Opcode used to store a value into an array of instructions.
Extract the encoding from the Content - Type header.
Checks if any flags are empty.
Resolve auth bearer token.
Sends a 401 error to the client.
Prepare a file download.
Prepares the response by setting the content type and content length if necessary.
Return all the cookies for the given name.
Read the request body from the reader.
Read the request body from the inputstream.
Store the current context path as the context path variable.
Store the current context path as a servlet context attribute.
Tests whether the query parameter with the given name exists.
Prepares an array of parameters to be passed in an HTTP POST or DELETE request.
Copy the parameters from the servlet request to the request attributes.
Invokes the body of the specified fragment.
Render the JSP body into a char array.
render the specified JSP fragment into a string.
Invoke all initmethods of the current bean with the given invocationstrategy.
Call the bean destruction methods.
Create a new instance of a bean.
Inject params only if the bean does not have a name.
Implement actionpath rewrite.
Add a header name and value. If the header does not exist yet it will be removed.
Puts a new property into the propsmap.
Put base property.
Put profile property.
get profileproperty by key
) { }
Extract into a target map.
Cyclically extract a word of key material
Hash a password using the specified salt.
Check that a plaintext password matches a previously hashed one
Copies all data from the input stream to the outputstream.
Copies maximum number of bytes from the input stream to the outputstream.
actionclass actionmethod actiondefinition actionconfig
Resolve actionconfig.
Detect and register alias.
Read the actioninterceptors from the method
Read action filters from the annotated element.
Read package action path.
) { }
method alias.
actionhandler = null ; actionclassmethod = null ; defaultactionresult = null ; interceptors
If the response has not been committed and if the lastmodified is greater than or equal to the
Applies an advice to a class. The target class is looked up in the advice cache. If
Injects target into proxy object.
Visit an annotation of the field.
Returns the real name for the specified jsonname
Resolve jsonname to the real name
Look up typedata for a class.
Look up typedata for a class.
Find subtype type data for the given class.
Resolve json name for the specified class.
Resolves a realname for a class.
Returns the content of the file.
) { }
Sets the majorversion and the classname of the class.
Put the constantpool into the output bytevector.
Put the bootstrap methods information for the entry.
Adds a field reference to the given symbol.
Adds a method reference to the given symbol.
Adds a new constant reference.
Adds a new constant member reference to the constant pool of this class.
Adds a new constant.
Adds a new CONSTANT_Integer_Or_Float_info or CONSTANT_Float_
Adds a new symbol with the specified tag and value to the constant pool of this symbol table.
Adds a new CONSTANT_Long_or_DOUBLE entry to the constant pool of this symbol
Adds a new constant from the constant pool or returns an existing constant from the constant pool. If
Adds a new entry of the specified constant pool to the constant pool at the specified index.
Adds a constant utf8 to the constant pool. If the constant pool already contains a similar entry
Adds a new constant utf8 to the constant pool of this symbol table.
Adds a new constant method handle to the constant pool.
Add constant_dynamic or invokedynamicreference.
Add constant invoke dynamic reference.
Adds a new constant symbol in the constant pool or returns the interned symbol if the constant pool
Adds a constant or invokedynamicreference to the constant pool of the class being build. Does nothing
Adds a new constant reference.
Adds a new constant utf8reference to the constant pool of this symbol table.
Add a bootstrap method to the symbol table.
) { }
Produce a hash code for a given name.
remove all entries from the multimap
Get all values for the given key.
Returns an iterator that iterates over the entries of the map
get a list of all the entries in the map
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Appends the characters in the specified character sequence to this buffer.
Visit an annotation of the method.
Visit the end of the class. This method will be called at the end of the class.
{ }
Create first chain delegate continue.
Parse path.
Adds a path element to the end of the path.
Configure servlet context
Execute the method invocation and return the result.
Get all field descriptors
Overridden to use proxetta instead of a proxy.
Convert JTXTransactionMode to dbtransactionmode.
Read property value.
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings
return this ; }
Write the contents of this buffer to a writer.
Write the contents of this buffer to an outputstream.
throws IOException { }
Get string.
Get integer.
Get long.
Get double.
Get the float value for the key.
get a value from the map
put a value to the object
Open a folder and set the name of the folder.
Browse the folder for messages matching a search term and process each message
Updates the flags of the given email.
Closes a folder if it is open.
Look up a dbquerynamedparameter by name.
Validate action.
Add a new validation violation to the validator.
set rawdata as a given mimeorextension.
make this rawdata downloadable with the specified filename
Sets the target.
Sets the target.
Sets the target.
Throw an exception if the target inputstream is null.
creates the class and returns the bytecode of the created class
Creates a new instance of the class represented by this class descriptor.
Dump the byte array to the debugfolder
Set the sender of the email.
The to email address of the sender.
Adds a TO address to the email.
The email addresses to reply to.
Add cc to the email address list.
Send a plain text message.
Create a new html message.
Add a header to the response.
Get the string property or the default value.
Returns the boolean value for the given name. If the name does not exist or the value for
Returns the long representation of the value for the given name. If the name does not exist or
Returns the long representation of the value. If the name does not exist or the value for the
returns the resolved parameters of the method
key value serializer.
lookup alias.
Resolve alias for a given string.
Resolve resultpath from string value
Resolves the value of a result path as a string.
Returns the index within a string of the last occurrence of the last occurrence of the last occurrence of
Gets the index of the last occurrence of dot after a backslash.
Gets the index of the first occurrence of a dot after a slash.
Resolve schema name for a class.
dbentitycolumndescriptor = null ;
Initialize the tweak with the given key and value.
Calculating the sum of a vector.
Demix the value of a single element with a given value
Schedules the elements in the priority queue for the given number of iterations.
Initialize the cipher with a key and a tweak.
Encrypt the given block at the given offset.
Read a fixed size of longs from a byte array.
Removes anybounding from the beginning or end of the string
Returns the path of the request.
Returns a zlib version of the specified file.
GZip compress a file.
Ungzip a file.
Returns a list of all entries in the specified zip file.
Unzip a file to a directory using a specified pattern.
Add a file or directory to the zip.
Adds the content of a byte array to a zip file.
Returns the field descriptor with the given name or null if it does not exist.
Get property descriptor.
Sets the request bundle name.
Sets the current session locale.
get session locale.
Returns a list of parameter names for a given bean name.
Add more than one profile to the existing set of profile properties.
Gets a long from the input byte array in little endian order.
Reads the data from the inputstream to a byte array.
Reads a label from a method and creates a label for it.
Returns the bytecode offset of the type annotation at the specified index.
read bootstrap methods attribute charbuffer
Returns a list of ctordescriptors for all declared constructors of this class.
Returns a ctordescriptor matching the specified arguments.
Get request map.
Create request map of transient beans.
Convert array to array.
{ } }
Add the specified search path to the search path.
Find file by searchpath.
Include patterns in the find file.
Exclude patterns from finding.
Add a path to the finder.
Find all files in the directory and its subdirectories.
Initialize the pathlist
Returns an iterator over the files in the directory.
Resolve bean wiringmode.
Resolve bean name string.
Returns a printwriter that can be used to write to the stream.
Gets the servlet output stream.
Returns the classname of the type.
Get the descriptor of a constructor.
Get method descriptor string.
Get method descriptor string.
Append the descriptor corresponding to this Java type to the given stringbuilder.
Returns the number of elements in the list.
get arguments and return sizes
Sets rollback only.
This method is used to either commit or rollback a transaction depending on the parameter docommit.
rollback all resources but do not check for forced rollback
Request a resource for the given type. If the resource does not exist yet it will be created
Unstack the last name that was pushed on the stack so that a new name can be created
Write a string to the stream.
unicode string.
write a charsequence to the output stream
Sets the name of the logging level for parsing errors.
Changes the start of the region to the given value.
Check if the value is contained within a string.
Register pseudo function.
Lookup pseudofunction by name.
Initialize the WebProxy class.
Visit an annotation of the current method.
Generate a static init block.
Make a proxy constructor for this class
Process superclass methods.
Find the last index of the range between low and high.
Joins the given string with the configured prefix and suffix.
Replaces asm instructions in the given class file with the new instructions.
Returns an array of all attribute prototypes.
Register a type.
Returns the SQL type for the class or any of its super classes or interfaces.
Look up the SQL type for the class.
socks4 proxy info.
socks5 proxy info.
http proxy info.
total number of transactions in the stack
total number of transactions in the stack with a specific status
Associates the given transaction with the current thread.
Continue the given source transaction and verify that the destination transaction mode is the same as the source transaction
throws Exception ; }
Creates a proxy object instance for the target class
Append the method name to the path.
Left align the text and pad with a specified number of characters.
Convert a string to camel case.
Formats a paragraph of text.
Converts tabs to spaces.
Escape a string for use in Java source code.
Unescape java string.
Returns the bean of a given type.
{ return
{ }
return provider. method
Add a new bean to the container
Sets a bean property.
Get bean property.
Shuts down the bean manager.
resolve the parameters of a method or constructor with a parameter list
Prints the body of the JSP to the output stream.
Get the property value with the given profiles.
Unimplemented. See org.w3c.dom.Document
Create element node for a tag.
Remove last child node if it is empty text.
Get the full query string.
Returns the name of the class of the given action
Calculates the number of elements to add to the subList
Replaces all occurrences of a string in a string.
Replaces all occurrences of a character in a string.
Replaces all the occurrences of a characters in a string.
Replaces the first occurrence of a string with a string.
Replaces the first occurrence of a character in a string with another character.
Replaces the very last occurrence of a string with another string.
Replaces the very last occurrence of a character with a character.
Removes all occurrences of a string from another string.
Removes a character from string.
Determines whether all of the strings are empty.
Determines whether any of the strings are allblank.
Converts the specified object to an array of strings.
Change the first character case of the string.
Converts the specified string to title case.
Remove any occurrences of the given character from the string.
Returns whether the given string starts with the given string ignoring case.
Check if string ends with a specified character.
Count the number of occurrences of a substring in a string ignoring case.
Compares two strings ignoring case.
Returns the index of the first whitespace character in the specified string from the given index.
Removes the leading character if present.
Strip trailing char.
Strips the specified character from the string.
Strips everything from the first occurrence of the specified character.
Strips all occurrences of the character from the string.
Modifies all strings in the array to have the same size.
Removes all whitespaces from the left side of the string.
Removes all whitespace characters from the end of the string.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified leftboundary and rightboundary in the specified string
Join a collection of strings with a separator
Join an array of objects using a separator.
Converts a charset name from one charset to another.
Compares the specified character to the specified character at the specified index.
Surround a string with a prefix and suffix
Add a prefix to a string if the string does not already start with the prefix.
Appends the given string to the end of the string if the string does not end with the
Cuts the string from beginning to the index of the given substring. If the given string is
Cuts the string from the index of the given substring.
Cuts prefix if present.
Cuts a suffix from a string.
Cuts the string around the given substring.
Inserts a string into another string at a given offset
Returns a new string that contains the given string repeated a number of times
Reverse a string.
Returns the max common prefix of two strings.
Find the common prefix of the given strings.
Shorten a string to a specified length by adding a suffix.
Converts the specified string to upper case according to the specified locale.
Removes surrounding quotes from string.
Convert an array of bytes to a string of hexadecimal values
Get string as byte array using default character encoding
Detect quote char char.
Visits an enumeration value of the annotation.
Visit an annotation of this method.
Register a new entity type.
register new entity.
Remove an entity from the repository.
Creates a new entity instance of the given type.
Sets the targetinterface.
Injects target into wrapper field.
Get annotated properties for the given class.
detect database and configure dboom
Flushes and closes the underlying stream.
Write a byte to the compressed output stream.
Invalidates the session if the request refers to a session id that has been requested to this
Get encoded name of the mail message.
Convert the buffer to a byte array using a fastbytearrayoutputstream
Use this method to write the current mail object to the specified file.
Method to write the current contents of the database to the specified outputstream.
Appends a type argument to the end of the string.
Prepends the type to the argument.
Change RETURNTYPE to something else
This method will take a charsequence and wrap it directly into a charbuffer. The chars will
Register a custom type converter.
Lookup a type converter instance for the given type.
Select nodes that match a css query.
Select nodes using a collection of selectors.
Process selectors and add to results
Uses the SELECT query and returns the first node that matches the query.
Walk descendant nodes iteratively.
= null ; }
= null ; }
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Refills the input buffer.
Return a single page of the result set.
removes the select statement from the sql statement
Removes all occurrences of the sql string in the string from that will be passed in.
Removes the order by clause from the sql statement if it exists.
Replaces all occurrences of the given string with the original string.
Detects the last name in an array of characters.
Build order by clause.
Builds a sql statement that returns the number of records that should be fetched.
Resolve columns and properties for the given class.
Find by columnname.
Find column descriptor by property name.
Returns the entity property name for the specified entity column name.
Returns the column name for a given property name.
Returns the value of the id property from the given object.
Sets the value of the id property of the specified object. If the object already has a id
Get keyvalue string.
Appends a string to the stringband
Sets the index of the array to the specified value. If the new index is larger than the
Expands the capacity to the current maximum.
Calculates the length of the content of the underlying string.
Create a message for the mixing problem.
Create scoped proxy bean.
Initializes the internal state from the directory.
Return true if the file is a file ; false otherwise.
Set the watchfile.
Start the watcher.
on change event.
Add an enumeration to the composite.
;
The putfieldinfo encodes the field information.
Create a new target for the given value with the provided scope data
Write property value to target.
Parse the page and write the decorated version to the writer.
Parse the page and fill the decoratags array.
Write decorated page.
Write a decoratag region.
Start the server and accept new connections.
Run a process and wait for it to finish.
Get the imapsslstore.
Create a new output stream for this response.
Initialize the object. This will also add the hint to the template data.
append column name.
Add new rule.
Applies the rule set to the given value.
Process includes.
Process excludes.
Returns the pseudo classname of the class.
Add all elements in the given collection.
Find the insertion point of a new element.
Bind annotation to actionconfig.
Register new action configuration.
lookup actionconfig by actiontype or annotation type.
Run action configuration lookup and consumer with the given type.
Setup the system properties depending on the default settings.
Validatewithin.
Find the last table in the given node.
} } }
Register session beans and return a mapping of sessionbean names to beandata objects.
Return the session map from the session attributes.
Initialize this class instance with the given name supername suffix and request proxy class name.
add adviceinit method name.
Ends the process of registering a bundle.
) { } }
Extract profiles from the key and add the result to the key if the profile left is not present
Adds the specified value to the specified key only if the operator is not copy.
Convert a type descriptor to a class name.
Convert a type reference to a human readable name.
Returns a type reference for the given class.
Add all consumers from the given array.
Creates a new collection of the given length.
Convert to single element collection.
Convert an object to a collection
Convert a collection to a collection
add a line number to the current one.
Makes the given visitor visit this label.
Puts the resolved answer into the given bytevector.
Add a forward reference to the array of forward references.
) { }
Compare digit.
fixaccent fix a single accent character.
Puts a byte into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Puts two bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Put a short into this bytevector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Puts a 12 - bit integer into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged
Puts two bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Puts an int into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Puts a byte and two short values into this bytevector. The byte values are assumed to
Puts a long into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary.
Puts an array of bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if
Enlarge this byte vector so that it can contain n more bytes.
Authenticate user via http session t.
Authenticate user via token t.
Authenticate user via basicauth.
Find a default message for the given key.
Get the resource bundle with the given name and locale.
get value from a sub - array.
Set the id value for an entity
Save an entity to the database.
Update all fields of the specified entity
Update property and set new value for the entity
Update the given property of the given entity.
Find by id.
Find one entity by the specified property and value
Find a single entity from the database matching the criteria.
Remove an entity by its id.
Delete an entity by id.
Return the count of the specified entity type.
Increase a property by a given delta.
Decrement a property by a given delta.
Find all related entities from the database with a given target object and source object.
Get a list of all the entities in the database.
Clear all entries from the hashmap.
Returns a set of entries for this record.
Puts an object into the cache.
Removes the entry for the specified key.
Get the current stacktrace as a stacktraceelement array
Return the stacktrace of a throwable filtered by a list of allowed and deny elements.
Get the stacktrace of the cause of the throwable and all of its causes in a chain.
Returns an array of all causes of the given throwable.
Returns the stacktrace as a string.
Returns the stacktrace of the throwable as a string.
Build a message for the given message and root cause.
If the given throwable is an invocationtargetexception and if it is a undeclaredthrow
Register as consumer.
Add the given component class to the list of components
Get system class loader.
Get the resource as a stream.
Get the inputstream of a resource.
get class as inputstream.
Get class as inputstream.
Add a new value to this route.
Find or create a child with the given value.
Parse the request.
Convert object to collection.
Invokes a setter for a given property. If the setter is a collection this collection will be
array forced set.
create a new boolean property instance
Extract the raw type of the property.
Stop authorization process.
Add this instance to the httpsession and add it to the cookie store.
local date to date.
convert from local datetime to gregorian calendar
Defines a proxy for a class.
Add check.
Resolve validation context for a class.
Add class checks.
Collect all annotation checks for a property.
Collect validationchecks from annotations.
Copy default properties from annotation to destination check
Encode a URI component.
Encodes the given string with the given encoding.
Encode the scheme
Encodes the host name or value of a URI with the given encoding.
Encode the port with the given encoding.
Encode a path.
Encodes the given URI query with the given encoding.
Encodes the given URI query parameter with the given encoding.
Encode a URI fragment with the given encoding.
Returns a map of property names to property descriptors for the class represented by this descriptor.
Returns an array of all the property descriptors of this descriptor.
Returns all the cookies in the current request.
Unzip response body
close the connection.
Return true if the specified scope should be included in the target.
Encrypt the given content.
Decrypt the specified bytes using AES.
convert map to bean
Convert all elements of the list to the given component type.
Set a property value for a given object.
Generic generify map.
Compares the entity column descriptors for equality.
Sets a default header which will be set on every request
Sends the specified httprequest to the server.
Override this method for sending the request to the server.
Adds the default headers to the given HTTP request.
Read the cookies from the http response.
{ }
Send email.
Sets the subject of the mime message.
Sets the sent date in the mime message.
Sets the headers of the message.
Sets the from reply to and recipients in the mime message.
throws MessagingException {
Adds the body data.
Set content of the part.
Create attachment body part.
Get content type from the header.
Save a resultset.
Close all the resultsets not linked to any resultset.
Close the query.
Closes the current connection to the database.
Set the number of rows that should be fetched from the database.
Set the maximum number of rows that the result set will create.
Execute update query.
returns the number of rows affected.
Returns the number of generated columns.
Returns the query string.
create a proxy instance
Returns a collection of the elements returned by the iterator in the order they were returned by the iterator
Returns a stream of the elements returned by the supplied iterator.
Compares two objects to determine their relative order.
set the default wiring mode for new connections
prints the message with the given level.
Gets the caller class name.
Returns a shortened version of the given classname.
Exclude json types from serialization.
Serialize an object to the appendable target.
Serializes an object to a string.
Returns a clone of the given object via serialization.
Writes an object to a file.
Reads the object from the given file.
Converts an object to a byte array.
convert bytearray to object
Resolves the table names for the mapped types in the given types array.
Creates the table names for the given types.
Read a single column value from the resultset.
Populate the entity cache from the result set
Resolve provider definitions for the given class and method name.
Apply the filter to the given tablename.
Test connection validity
Get request dispatcher for target and render view.
Attempt to locate the target of the default view.
get writer for this response.
Get the outputstream of the response.
Write the content to the response.
Set the content type.
Print the string as the next value on the line. The value will be escaped or encapsulated
Attempt to login the user via Basic Auth.
Format an authtoken as a json object
Perform a login using a basic authentication mechanism.
Convert a url to a container file.
Creates the specified directory if it does not already exist.
Creates the specified file. If the file already exists the file will be overwritten.
Copies a file from one place to another. If the destination file exists it is overwritten
Copies the contents of a directory to another directory.
Move file to directory.
Move directory.
Deletes all files and directories in the specified destination directory.
Reads the contents of a file as an array of UTF - 8 characters. The file is
Read file into a char array.
Write chars into a file.
Write the string to the file.
Append a string to a file.
Read up to count bytes from the specified file.
Write a number of bytes from a byte array to a file.
Append bytes to the end of the file.
Copies the src file to the destination. If the destination is a directory the content of the
Recursively delete a file or directory.
Creates a new temporary directory and deletes the previous one.
Does the file contain only binary data?
Checks that the source directory can be copied to the destination directory.
Checks that the source file can be copied to the destination file.
Prints the usage for a given command.
Resolve action class method name to method.
register a new action.
Register a new path alias.
Moves the iterator to the next element in the underlying sequence or returns false if there are no
Create a new chararraysequence from the given character array.
Executes the proxy method.
Match uppercase target char.
Returns a charsequence of characters from the current position to the specified position.
Get all URLs for a class and its sub classes.
Set the bcc addresses for the email.
Register a serializer for a type.
lookup serializer for a class.
Parse the request inputstream
Returns the value of a parameter. If the parameter does not exist returns null.
Returns the values for the given parameter. If the parameter is not present null will be returned.
Get a file upload parameter.
Get file uploads for a parameter.
Initialize the filter.
parse a string into a dbsqlbuilder
Find the end of a macro.
Count the number of escapes for a macro at a given index.
Build query string from a httpmultimap.
Parse a query string into a case insensitive map.
; }
Extracts the mediatype part from the contenttype
Renders the given node to the appendable.
Renders the given node as inner html using the provided appendable.
Configure with servlet context.
reset the internal state of this object
Sets the lazy flag.
replace with mapped type for path
Parse json into a list of objects
Parse a string into a map of key - value pairs of the provided type.
Resolve the lazy value if it is an instance of supplier.
Skip over an object at the current index.
Parses a string token.
Parse string content.
Parse a unicode code point from the input buffer
Parse an unquoted string content.
Parse number.
} }
Creates a new empty constructor.
creates a simple method wrapper
Resolve the raw type name from the name of the type.
Resolve references by name.
Convert references to beanreferences by using the values in the methodorctor
Read all references from annotation.
Build default references for all parameters of a method or constructor
Build default reference bean.
Remove all duplicate names in the array.
Convert an array of references to an array of beanreferences.
Convert an annotation value to a beanreferences array
Runs joddjoy using the provided consumer and transaction
Find declared method.
Find a constructor of the given class that is assignable from the given parameter types.
Resolve all interfaces of a class and all superclasses.
Compares two parameter classes for equality.
force to access a given accessibleobject
Returns a new instance of the given class with the given arguments.
Get all superclasses of a class.
Returns the child class of the given instance in the given parent class.
get jar file of a class
Causes the current Thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds
Causes the current thread to sleep for the maximum value. If the current thread is interrupted
Wait for the specified object to be ready to be used.
Create a thread factory that daemonizes a thread.
Returns the value if the supplier is not already initialized.
Visits a parameter of this method.
Visits an annotation of this method.
Visits a field instruction. A field instruction is an instruction that loads or stores the value of
Visits a method instruction. A method instruction is an instruction that invokes a method.
Visits an invokedynamic instruction.
Visits a jump instruction. A jump instruction is an instruction that loads or stores the value of
Visits a MULTIANEWARRAY instruction.
Visits a try catch block.
Convert properties to a writer.
Copies data from the input stream to the output stream.
Return the next element in the iteration
return true ; } } }
Joins arrays.
Joins arrays together into a single array.
Resizes an array to a given size while retaining the data in the original array.
Append an element to the end of the array.
Removes sub-array from the given array
Finds the first occurrence of an element in an array.
Find the index of the given value in the array.
Finds the first occurrence in an array from specified given position.
enable xhtml parsing
Parse the given content.
Parse the content using the given lagarto parser.
{ }
Ends the current basic block and creates a new basic block with no successor.
Collect attribute prototypes.
inject context into target object
Registers a pseudo class to the parser.
lookup pseudo class by name.
Invoke the action request with the given actionrequest.
Return the names of all the properties of a bean.
This method is called when all the properties of a source are visited. It resolves the property
Return true if the given property name matches the given rule.
{ }
Read filterconfig parameters into the given target object.
Send the bundle file to the client.
Use the createbundlefile method to fetch the file from the registry.
Use the file system to locate the gzipped file.
Registers a new temp bundle. If the temp bundle is already registered the bundle id is returned
Creates a base32 encoded SHA256 digest from a source string.
Create a new bundle if it does not exist yet.
Clears the cache.
Rewrite relative urls in a string to work with CSS.
Update column.
Creates a table reference name for a given entity.
open a new transaction and get a session
Convert an object to a single element array.
Parse the signature to look for generic types and add them to a map that maps to the signature
Resolve collection annotations for the given type.
Check propertytype to see if it should be included or excluded
Open the connection to the database.
open a transaction
Indicate that we are done with the transaction.
Commit a transaction.
Rolls back a transaction.
Create a properties object from a file.
Creates a properties object from a string.
Load properties from string.
Returns a subset of the given properties that match the given prefix
Create a properties object from classpath.
Get a property from a map.
Resolve all variables of a properties object.
Resolve property.
Resolve a scope for the given class and method name.
Returns the transaction mode for a given method. If the method does not exist in the transaction map
Register an array of annotations.
Read transaction annotation for a given method.
} }
Match element node.
) { } }
Unescape a value
Build the list of packages for the given java version.
) { }
Detach this node from its parent.
Add a new child node to this node.
Adds a new child node at the specified position.
Insert a new child before a given child
Insert the given newchildren before the refchild.
Insert a new child node after a given child node
Insert the given newchilds after the given refchild.
Removes all child nodes from this node and from the parent.
Find child node with name.
Return the subset of the children of this node that satisfy the given predicate.
Returns true if the tree is not empty.
This method initializes childelementnodes
Sets the siblingnameindex field of the siblings of this node based on the name of the sibling
Initializes the list of child nodes of this node.
Recursively change the owner document of a node and all of its children to the given owner document
Get the previous sibling name of this node
Return the text content of this node as a string.
Answer the innerhtml of this element. The innerhtml is the same as the lagarto
Visit each child node.
Get the full CSS path of the current node.
Decora Tags.
Called when a start ID tag is encountered.
Define a decoratag as a child of the decoratag itself
add proxyaspect to existing joyproxetta instance
Adds the root package.
Adds the root package of the given action class to the configuration.
Find root package for action path.
Finds the validation message for the given violation and returns it as a string.
Returns a new beanreferences object with duplicate names removed.
add props file name pattern
Execute consumer for each target.
For each target and in in a given scope perform the consumer for each injection point
For each target and all outgoing injection points of a specific scope call the biconsumer for each injection
Returns the values of all the parameters in an array.
return null ; }
create action method argument.
method for the httpsessionlistener interface
remove the httpsession from the sessionmap
Add a value to the array.
Add all elements in the array.
Removes an element from the array.
Resolve target from result value
Handle target not found.
Convert a value object to a string.
Register an action filter.
Returns the name of the pseudo function.
Resolve property injection points for the given type.
create socks5 proxy socket.
Returns the number of attributes in this record.
get all actionresults.
True if the given character is equal to any character in the given charsequence.
Returns the index of the first character in the given charsequence that is equal to the given match
Finds the first occurrence of the given character in the given character array starting at the given index
Adds the specified arguments to the command line.
Add an environment variable that will be passed to the process.
Run the process and wait for it to finish.
Invoke listener of given type.
Copy the contents of the given frame into this one.
Get abstract type from descriptor.
Create an input frame for the given symbol table and the specified number of locals and stack objects.
return 0 ; }
) { }
{ }
Push an abstract type from a string descriptor.
Pop number of elements from the output frame stack.
Pops the type from the output frame stack.
{ }
Get initialized type for a given abstract type.
Put abstract type into the given bytevector.
Removes all expired cache entries.
Visit a module. This method will be called by the type checker when a new module is added
Visits the enclosing class of the class. This method must be called only if the class has
Visits an annotation of the class.
get a thread session
close the threaddbsession.
create execution array with all data
Invoke action method.
Read the request body
Calculates the index of the first item of the given page
Calculate first item index of page.
Match a number against the filter.
Converts a char array into a byte array without using a specific encoding.
Find the first different character in a given array at the given index.
Resolve node name.
Resolve attribute name.
Loads a set of properties from a file.
Loads the props from the specified file.
Loads the props from the inputstream.
Load a map into the props
Load the props from the map
Load classes from classpath with default encoding
Returns the value for the given key or the given default value if the key does not exist.
Sets the value of a property.
Extract the configuration properties into the given target
Extract props from the DPML file into the given target
Extract sub - properties into a given map.
Returns a map of the profile names and their values. The keys are the names of the profiles
Adds a new inner map to this one
Resolve activeprofiles.
Returns an array of all profiles
Returns a list of profiles matching a wildcard for a given property name.
Add a property injection point.
Add a setinjectionpoint.
Add a methodinjectionpoint
Add initmethodpoints to the method array
Add destroy method points.
Resolves the target class for a proxy class.
Inject target into wrapper field.
Returns the target wrapper type for a given wrapper class
Find field descriptor.
Returns the raw type of this field.
Resolves the key component type for the field or getter of this descriptor.
Returns the class of the component type that should be used for the specified field. The component type
Create a jsonresult from a java object
Create a jsonresult from an exception
Resolve httpmethod from method name.
Test whether the given character sequence matches the specified pattern.
Resolve loading for the given classname based on the matching rules for the classname
{ return null ;
Get the URL of the specified resource.
Block until the interval ends or the timeout expires.
Return the annotation type of the first input annotation.
Build an injection point.
Visit the class.
Finds the urls of a class using the given classloader as a parent.
Sets the bean.
Update the bean from the database.
Load the property descriptor for this member if necessary.
Connect to the dboom database.
Add an iterator to the list.
Print logo to standard out
Stop the driver and release resources
create socket.
Create sslsocket.
Get sslsocketfactory.
Get socket factory.
Get a random string from the given character array
Choose a number of random characters from the pattern
Returns a string consisting of randomly selected characters within the specified range.
Returns a new instance of the collection class specified by the target type. This method is invoked by
Converts the object to a boolean and injects it into the target object.
Convert object to target type.
Visits a provide of the current method.
Returns the default typecache.
Associates the specified value with the specified type. If the map previously contained a mapping for the type
Get all method descriptors
Resolve IP address from hostname
Convert an IP address from its string representation to an integer.
Validate against tipadressv4format.
Resolve hostname for the given IP.
Downloads the contents of a URL as a byte array
Downloads the specified URL and returns the contents as a string.
Download file from url to given file.
Connects to the given hostname and port.
Connect to a server using the specified hostname and port.
Returns the index of the primitive class with the given name.
loads the class from the given classloader
load array class by componenttype class name
Invoke the destroy methods on all beandata instances
Returns a binarysearch algorithm that searches an array for the median value of the given comparable object.
Returns a binary search function for an array using a custom comparator.
Add a list of patterns that should not be checked for matching.
Include the specified rules.
Include all beans of a certain type.
Start a new XML tag.
Register a component with the bean consumer.
Return the dbsqltype value for the specified column
{ }
Create a resultsetmapper for the specified resultset.
Find the first generated key of the given type.
Populate the generated column names for the given entity instance.
Create a wrapper for an actioninterceptor type.
Sets named parameters to bean.
Set the map of named parameters.
Set the specified objects as the contents of this q.
Insert this chunk right after the given one.
Lookup type.
Find table descriptor by columnref.
Resolves table or alias for an entity descriptor.
Attempts to resolve the class of the given object.
Append missing whitespace to the given stringbuilder.
Returns an enumeration of the file parameter names in the request.
Include a single page.
Gets the url from the http servlet request.
Gets the request uri either via include or via getrequesturi.
Resolve parameter names for the given action class method.
override start to initialize petitecontainer at start time
Shuts down the Quartz container.
Adds subject to the filter.
Filter by message id.
Filter email from address
Append to address to filter.
Add cc recipient address.
Filter the email by bcc recipient string.
Add a flag to the filter.
Add a single flag to the filter.
Filter messages that have a received date.
Filter the results by a sent date.
Filter by size.
will run each of the filters in turn and return the result as a new filter.
add another emailfilter to this one
Appends the NOT of the specified emailfilter to the current one.
Concatenates the given searchterm with this term. The concatenation of the given searchterm is
Convert a byte array to a base32 string.
{ return false
Validates the given target object using the current validation context.
Perform validation for a single target object
Enable profile.
Enable one or more profile names.
{ }
Parse the request body into an object.
Convert to milliseconds.
Add two juliandates
Subtract another juliandate from this one.
Set the fraction of an integer and its fractional part.
Emit a comment.
Print error message with possible position.
return null ;
Computes the PBKDF2 hash of the given password.
Converts a hex string representation to a byte array.
Resolve providerdefinitions for the given class and name.
Set the name of the attachment
set the contentid from the filename if it is missing
Resolves the contenttype.
Parse a type signature.
; return 0 ;
) { }
Decodes a string with the given encoding.
Decodes a URL query string.
override start to create database connection
Check connection provider.
implements the visitor to find methods
} }
Create method signature visitor.
Convert an array of objects into a CSV line
Convert a line of text into a string array.
) { }
Creates a reader for the advice class.
Returns the cached reader for the given advice creating it if necessary.
Encrypt the given string.
Decrypt a string.
Get a logger by name.
Sets the name of the parameter.
create actionrequest.
create a wrapper for an actionfilter.
Call the destroy methods on the bean and remove the bean from the list.
Call the destroy methods on all beans that have been created.
Get the received emails from the target folder.
Main entry point for the Kubernetes CLI.
Run the reporting loop.
Print error message to the console.
Print rate string.
This maps an existing file to a read - only bytebuffer. Note that the file is NOT
Close the active replay session.
Awaits the work to be done and returns the number of work done.
Return the current position of the log record without reading the entire log record from disk.
Offer a new directbuffervector batch to the ring buffer.
Append a number of padding bytes to the message.
Close the archive
If the response has an error return the error message else return null.
Stop a replay request.
Prints the information of an available image.
image unavailable event.
read a channel status from a countersreader
read a statusindicator for a channel
Sets the limit for the internal buffer.
Append a number of bytes to the end of the buffer.
This method should only be called from the main thread
Maps a loss report from aeron directory to a byte buffer.
Returns a snapshot of the current counters
Create a default header.
Set the key buffer for the current message.
Set the label buffer of this message.
Send a connect request to the peer.
Attempt to connect to the given channel with the given responsestreamid.
Send a close session request with the given control session id.
Start a new recording request.
Send a stoprecording request to the peer.
Send a replay request to a given channel with a given sequence number.
Send a stopreplay request to the peer.
List the current recordings
List the recordings for a URI.
List a recording.
Extend a recording.
getrecordingposition request.
Get a new stopposition.
list recording subscriptions.
Checks whether the given udp channel matches the tag.
Return the inet socket address of the destination uri of the channel.
Returns a description of the configuration.
add a destination to this channel
Insert a new packet into the log.
Find a counter that has a control toggle type.
Adds a string parameter to the request.
Get the channel tag.
Get the entity tag.
Add session id to the channel
Get the tag from the parameter string. If the parameter string is not a well - formed tag
Appends the padding for the given term
Use the publisherlimit from the source position to determine the maximum possible publisher for the spy given the
Allocate a new counterid for a tempbuffer.
Returns the human readable name of the typeid.
Return the number of bytes that can be read with scanforavailability as a function of
Reset the builder to an empty set.
validate whether the URI string is valid
Sets the prefix.
Sets the media type.
Sets the control mode.
This parameter specifies the length of the term.
Sets the offset for the next term.
Set the linger in milliseconds.
Close the datagram channel.
Check if the current frame is a valid one.
Receive a datagram from the backend.
This method is called when a NAK message is received.
Process timeouts from the retransmit action pool
Returns a status string for the given status code.
Allocate a new atomic counter with the given name and type.
Reset this directbuffervector.
Throw an exception if this vector is invalid.
Check the validity of the array and compute the length.
Calculates the window length for a producer window given the termbufferlength and a default number of
Validate socket buffer lengths.
Validates the pagesize.
Validates the session id range.
Checks the validity of the given unblock timeout values.
Sets the errorcode.
Resets the member variables to their default values
Convert an array of clustermembers to a string.
Add member status publications.
close member publications.
has active quorum boolean.
Determines the quorum position of a set of cluster members.
Reset logpositions of each cluster member.
Check if all clustermembers have voted at least a certain position.
return true if at least one of the members has voted on full count
Check if an array of clustermembers contains a majority vote and candidatetermid.
Determine member by id and memberendpoints
Validates that a member has the same endpoints as another member.
returns true if lhs and rhs represent the same endpoints
returns whether a candidate is an unanimous candidate of the cluster.
isquorumcandidate checks a list of clustermembers to see if the candidate is a quorum
check if there is not duplicate endpoints in array.
Find the index of a cluster member with a specific id in the array.
remove member by id
Get the highest id of the array of clustermembers.
Uses ioutil to map an existing cnc file to a new cnc file.
Checks whether the driver is active.
Tests if the driver is active for the specified number of milliseconds.
Checks whether the driver is active for the given number of milliseconds.
Terminates the driver if the file is present and exists.
This method assumes that the data has already been read from the buffer at the specified termoffset.
Puts the given frame length into the given buffer at the given term offset in big endian byte
Write a frame type into the given buffer at the specified term offset.
Write a frame flags into the given buffer at the given term offset.
Write a term offset for a frame
Write a term id for a frame
Find the counter id of a record given the recording id.
Find the counter id of a session.
Get the current recording id from the counterid.
Returns true if the record with the given counterid is active and the given recording id is the
Add application specific feedback data to the message.
Reload the data from the file.
Find the last entry of the most recent query.
Create a recovery plan with the given number of service instances.
Create a recoveryplan from a list of snapshots.
Append a term to the log.
Append a snapshot to the log.
commit log position for the given leadership term
Move an entry tombstone.
Close the connection
Offer a set of directbuffer vectors to the ring buffer.
Unblock a log segment from an existing block.
Get the channel of the message
Sets the channel.
Checks the length of a single word.
Sanity check a page size
CAS active term count boolean.
Computes the position of a term given the number of terms and the number of positions to shift
Computes the log length of a term given the number of partitions and the page size of the
Store a default frame header into the metadata buffer.
Apply the default header to the terminal.
Rotate a log entry.
Write the tail of the metadata buffer at the given partition and term id.
Find the index of the first word after the specified term.
Return the last persistentvolatile term from the input buffer
CAS rawtail boolean.
Add data to the token in the specified direct buffer.
Allocate a counter with the given characteristics.
Find the current counter id from the counters reader.
check if the given counterid has a record with replay enabled
get snapshot recording id from metadata.
convert a short to a char array
Set the channel.
Submit a buffer for publication to the Riak cluster.
Wraps the given buffer starting at the given offset for the given length.
Write the frame length to the output buffer.
Finishes writing the frame to the output and forces the frame buffer to be empty.
Main entry point for the test.
Close all the open resources
Returns the position of this term in its frame.
Allocate a new counter with the given characteristics.
Find the current counter id for a given service.
Allocate a new atomic counter.
Unmap the bytebuffer from the underlying stream and close the underlying stream.
dispatch recording descriptor event.
Add a slab to the internal data structure.
Sets the byte at the given index.
Add the given statistics to the tracker.
array and element types
convert struct to grouptype.
Annotate a message at a certain position
return ; } }
read one struct from the in and write it to the out parameter.
Get the list of all file footers for a certain file status
Read the footers of a summary file.
Read the footer of a Parquet input file.
Read the next row group from the current block
read next filtered rowgroup from currentblock
return null if the column is not a dictionary
Adds a writer to the pool of writers. If the pool already contains an entry for the writer
Remove a writer from the pool of writers.
Update the allocations
Registers a scaling callback.
Starts the parsing process.
Change the current state to the start of the block.
Indicates the beginning of a new column.
Write a dictionary page to the output stream
Write a data page to the stream.
Close the current block and start a new one.
Copies all data from the input stream to the output stream
Finalize the output and close the file.
Merges the metadata of the specified files into the parquet metadata objects.
Writes parquet metadata from the specified files to the specified output path.
Write metadata file.
merges a tomerge filemetadata into a merged filemetadata
Read a value from the bound value
Returns true if the type of the given schema is null.
Similar to SQL coalesce returns the first non - null object in the given array.
Convert a string to an object according to a given schema
Construct a new thriftmetadata instance from the extra metadata map provided.
Converts a Thrift class to a thrift metadata object.
Return a map of extra metadata for this Thrift instance.
Records null values
Write a parquet page.
Read in a number of values from a page of an input stream.
Allocate a value buffer for the next miniblock.
check that the expected enum is defined at the specified index
Calculate the bit widths for the delta block buffer
throw t ; }
Get statistics based on columntypename.
Get a builder for reading the given primitive type.
Merge this statistics with given statistics. If the given statistics is empty do nothing
If the given schema is a union with nulls returns that union. Otherwise returns the same schema
Instantiate a new task attempt context.
Invoke the method catching and reporting illegal argument exceptions.
Useful for debugging
Return a new list of fields to merge
Initialize the local counter with values from the reporter
Get the filter from the configuration
Get all the footers for the input files with the given status.
generatesplits from a list of blockmetadata
Pass a record to the message writer.
Make sure that all the fields in the grouptype have the same parquet schema.
Serialize the descriptor for the given class.
This method amends the missing required fields of the rootevents list. It returns the list of
check whether the set defined by setfielddefinition is valid
Read filemetadata from inputstream.
Close the output stream
Sets the schema for a given job.
Add a primitive type to a class.
Throws an exception if the type is not valid for the column.
Casts to a number.
convert fromarrow to a schemamapping
Return a new schemamapping from a Parquet schema.
map message types from one schema to another
Write a parquet data page header.
skip to matching record
Writes an object to a configuration with a base64 encoded representation
Removes the key from the cache if present.
Put a new item in the cache.
get current value from the cache
Converts the given value to an Avro type using the given Avro schema.
Sets this instance to the given glob.
Output a string to a file. If filename == null print to stdout.
Opens an input stream to the given filename.
Create a record filter that selects records from a single column.
Given a type representing a Thrift struct return the corresponding Thrift messagetype.
a new grouptype for a list
Create a list of elements group.
Get the merged key - value metadata.
Return a new parquetinputsplit or throw an exception if the inputsplit is a filesplit
Returns a map of all the fields in the class or null if the class is null.
If parquet_column_index_access is enabled access the columns in the requested schema.
Get a list of input filenames.
check whether the given parquet files are valid.
Get a list of input files from a directory
filter that fetches a page of unconsumed records
Create a listconsumer that consumes the elements returned by the supplied consumer from a list of the
if the plan is greater than the number of nodes in the plan use the mapredwork to
merge all data in a tuple into a single databag
sum up a tuple
Read an object from a struct.
Read a map entry.
Write an integer to the byte array.
Read an integer from the little endian format.
Set the schema for the given job.
Create a Kafka topic if not exists.
duplicate the stagebeans
Create the interceptors for the given stage libraries
Create a new interceptor for the given definition and context
Parse a schema from a string containing a valid schema.
; }
Get the Avro schema from a record header
Upgrade from v1 to v2.
Copies a blobstore to a staging blobstore.
Reset the state of this statement builder.
report thread health
Register a thread with the health monitor.
store control hub configurations in a properties file
Credential login method
Upgrade a pipeline configuration if necessary with new issues.
Upgrades the given configuration to the latest version of the given library and stage
upgrades a stage to a newer version
Upgrade a service if needed
Upgrade a stage to a newer version if needed
exception { return null ; }
Returns whether or not the given class is a system class
Adds the specified element to this queue if it is not already present.
return e }
{ return value }
This method adds errors that need to be reported to the list of stageoutputs after the
Gets the descriptor from the given protodescriptorfile.
Given a descriptorset and a set of file descriptors this method will return a set of file descriptors
Populates the given maps with the default values and extensions.
{ return null ; }
convert protobuf message to sdc field
Convert a field from a descriptor to a protobuf message
convert a sdc field to a protobuf message
Upgrade a list of configs to use the new Jersey Config Bean.
Check the connection to the master.
Convert a Kudu type to a field type
Creates a field based on the type of the field.
Intercept a list of records with the given interceptors
Return the current text of the chunk as a string.
Add missing configs to a given stage configuration
Method to parse the record from the response
Add headers to a record based on the conf. headeroutputlocation
Writes the response header to the header field specified by the configuration.
Writes the response headers to the header of the record.
{ } }
Configuring the client.
Parse headers only.
Increment the sourceoffset by the given amount.
Parse paginated result.
Add response headers to header
Resolves any expressions in the headers.
Processes the response to the previous stage. If it was successful it returns the source offset of
Checks if a property has been defined in the configuration
Converts a libparser exception to a dataparserexception.
Convert a datageneratorexception to a datageneratorexception.
Reads credentials from a file.
Preview a pipeline with override settings.
Copy characters from a buffer to a new buffer and return the number of characters copied.
Removes logical duplicates from the set of packages
Find next mainline in a chunk matching the regex.
Resolve a single livefilechunk to a chunk.
Destroy the current connection to the database.
This method escapes quoted substrings in the input string.
Gets the flow control settings.
instantiating gRPC channel provider.
This method is invoked by the consumer once all the entries in the batch have been added to the
compile a regular expression
digest the original expression
Add a new language dictionary from a inputstream.
Add a dictionary from a reader. This will not close the reader afterwards.
Stop the data aggregation system.
Overwrite the current data for all aggregators with a new datawindow
Serialize an object to a JSON string
Deserialize a JSON string to Java object
Deserialize a file to a given return type
} } }
resolve a value from a set of elvars
generate inner field from the list of entries
Get the table name from a given Hive table metadata record
Get the name of the database from a metadata record.
Get the value of an internal field.
Get the location from a metadata record.
Get a custom location from a given record
Get the Avro schema from an HDFS metadata record.
Get the data format from the record
Build new schema metadata field builder.
Verify that the partition information for a table is consistent
Generate the partition path for a linkedhashmap of partitions
Serialize schema to HDFS.
Set the parameters for a record.
Returns the current configuration.
parserfc3164time long.
Returns a formatted string using the specified template.
Override the default startbatch method to allow a batch context to be created for a new batch
{ return false ; } }
Filters the list of fieldnames to keep only autogenerated fieldnames.
Send onrecorderrorexception to handler
Parse a JAR name into an optional dependency.
Parse a url into a dependency.
Get singleton instance of couchbaseconnector.
Close this bucket and all associated resources.
Convert a string to a human readable label.
Checks that a dependency exists.
Get the operation from the record header.
Build a subdocument mutation.
Generate the SQL string to alter a table based on the differences in a hashmap
Initialize the instance from a map of configuration parameters.
This method blocks till there are no more messages to be processed. This method can be called repeatedly
This method commits the current consumer.
This method is called when an error occurs on the consumer.
inject stage configurations into stage object
Get definitions of a stage.
Get lineage publisher definition from configuration
This method is used to format a column name.
return value ;
Get the configuration information for a specific pipeline
Create a new draft pipelinefragment
Get a list of pipelines that match a filter
Import a single fragment.
Returns the filepath of a specified stage.
get operation from record
Get the fieldpath for the given operation
Blocks until an event is available or a timeout occurs.
This method returns runner from queue or null if there is no available runner.
{ }
Return a runner to the pipeline.
{ }
Throw an exception if the queue has been destroyed.
Checks if a stream with the given name already exists in the kinesis shards configuration.
get the last shard for the given stream
Processes the queue of records if there are any to be processed.
If the SQL exception is a data error report it and add to the list of errors if the
calculates the hash code of the column of the given record for the specified operation
Returns true if f1 is more recent than f2
Try to retrieve the pid of a process that is differeasible from other processes in the system
Extract a set of matching fields from a given record and return a set of fields which should be
String pass )
Roll the activestats bean.
Take a snapshot of the current activestats instance.
Ensures that a directory exists. If the directory does not exist it is created.
Write a batch of records to the given recordwriters according to the given schematableclassifier
Write a batch of records to the given target table using the given record writer.
Write record to database.
generate no more data event
detect new partition from partitioninfocachesupport. partitioninfo
Update a record for HDFS.
Process the value for the specified group.
returns true if the two stages have the same version.
Main entry point for mesos extract and spark from the jar.
Configure authentication and build the new authenticated client.
Resolve headers for a given request.
Evaluate method expression and return httpmethod.
fill the null types for all simple types
Get the value of a field returning null if the field is null.
load an existing schema from the schema registry.
Register a schema with a subject.
retrieve schema from registry
get schemaid from subject
get a schema from the registry by its id
Writes a schema ID to the outputstream if necessary.
Detect schema id.
Get all the default values for a given schema.
Parse the given payload and return a list of all records.
Log details of this task.
Get the records from the errorsink and process them using the specified errorrecordpolicy
Initializes the configuration and returns the list of issues that were generated.
Returns all outward edge vertices connected to the given vertex. The outward edge vertices are those
Get the inward edge vertices associated with the given vertex.
Serialize an offsetmap to a string.
Deserializes an offset map from the given string.
Asynchronously sends a report to the web queue.
Get a report asynchronously. This is a blocking call.
Returns true if either the checkpoint file or the backup file exist.
write offsets to main offset file.
Delete a blob from storage
If an error is encountered during the originating process it is handled here.
Handles archive option.
This method returns a reader that can be used to read the input stream. The reader is not
Release a reader so that it can be reused.
Set the dpmbaseurl for the client.
Add a default header.
Parse the given string as a date.
Escape the given string to be used as URL query value.
get http client for current basepath
init the gpudb connection to the GPU
get the type of a table
Create a new event builder with the given context and toevent.
Build a schema from a map of field schemas
convert from oracle to sdc
{ }
Check if the fieldname is present in the fieldorderbylist context
check whether the conditionexpression with the given fieldname is defined in the given context
Reads the offset of the given file offset string and returns the corresponding offset.
The premain method called from the command line.
return 0 ; }
timeout in ms
returns the last list of descriptions for the table
table description should not accept inserts
returns null for the type of the column
returns true if the type is nullable
returns the schema for the given table
returns the column properties from the showtable response
returns the class for the given type name
Initialize the AerospikeClient
Resolve the MQTT topic for a given record.
Get a new inputstream from the file.
Returns a stream to write to the file.
Returns whether the file denoted by this handle exists.
return null ; }
{ }
Creates a new instance of the given aggregator type and adds it to the dataprovider
Get the aggregator unit for the given class
Created aggregator and returns its data type.
Create a new groupby aggregator.
Start the data window specified by the input parameter.
Stop the aggregator and return the map of the results.
This method rolls data windows to specified time window specified by newdatawindowendtimemillis
Decrements the reference count for the login type. If the reference count reaches the number of
If the argument glob contains a single character or the literal string itself then an exception will be thrown
) { return null ; }
Stops the current snapshot.
return 0 ; }
If failure snapshot should be created for this pipeline then create a failure batch of all the snapshots
Convert a Hive Record to a Druid BoundStatement.
Set a whole new configuration onto the current one.
Generates a kudulookupkey from a record.
Read a line into the given stringbuilder.
Decreases the multiplier and increases the multiplier accordingly.
Manually enable DPM.
Disable the Push Notification Monitoring PMI for the given username and password
Remove the trailing str_ if it exists
Send a post request with username and password to the target server and retrieve the user token.
Send logout request for the given user
writes the token to a file if the tokenfilepath is not set it will create a new one
Update the POM configuration file.
schema. field schemafieldfortype
returns a schema for the Avro type of the given record and field. The returned schema
getDecimalscaleorprecision This is a private method that is used by the getDecimalScaleor
Get the default value for an Avro field.
init metrics if needed
throws IOException { }
get the index of the given index of the given group
Get the names of all of the groups that the user belongs to.
Determines if the character at the specified position of a string is escaped or not.
) { }
check if charclass is inside charclass
Find the number of open parentheses around pos
Extract all the named groups from a named pattern
Replace all the occurrences of a regex pattern in a stringbuilder with a replacement string.
jsonpcb = null ; jsonpcb = null ;
refresh table schema if the new schema is greater than the last updated schema for the respective table
entry == null ;
Returns the offset of the file in bytes.
return true ; } finally { } }
If the value contains a double or long suffix convert it to a double. Otherwise use long.
Parse a record part.
Parse values from the record and return the offset of the values to be parsed.
Lookup primarykey columns for the given table.
Create custom field mappings if not already present.
Returns the SQL type name for the given field type.
Get the full table name.
Sets the primary key columns for a record to a JDBC statement.
Exception handling for SQL exceptions.
Processes the next batch of events and forwards them to the next stage.
This method is called before the actual work is done on the batchcontextimpl
This method is called when a batch operation completes. It calculates metrics for the entire batch
Flatten an entire record.
Creates a new instance of a detached stage runtime for a given stage bean.
{ }
Returns the columns to parameters map for a given operation
Generates a condition for the given partition column and the given offset comparison object.
Validate the given offset against the expected columns and return a map of the validated columns and the offset
Returns a list of requested definitions from the generators parameter or all generators if generators parameter
Get non - empty args from a list of strings
Gets the operation for the given operation code.
Convert a number of bytes into a human readable format.
scan the given livefile for new files and directories
{ }
Determine if a name is whitelisted by a specific whitelist
Returns true if the expected and actual versions strings match
Entry point for the example.
{ }
Validate the report description
This upgrades from version 1 to version 2 of implicit field mapping
Extract named groups from the raw data.
This method is called when the consumer commits a transaction.
create a new embeddedsdc instance
Set fields in record.
get all the remote pipelines with changes
new futureack result.
Create a gauge using the name of the metric and the gauge type.
Gets the parameters for a given operation for a given set of columns.
Generate header attributes for the given record path.
Uses the filerefutil module to validate a single record.
Delete old tempparquetfile
Gets the Avro inputstream from a record.
Returns a reader from the inputstream
Write a Parquet file.
Checks that the type of the given inputencrypt field is supported.
Check that the type of the given input encrypted field is supported.
Checks that the given field is a byte array and checks that the type matches the type of the
Check that the given field is a byte array that can be decrypted.
prepareencrypt.
Changes the parent pattern of this matcher.
Appends the replacement string to the stringbuffer.
Find all named groups that match this pattern.
Replace all properties in the original string with the replacement string.
Gets the value of a global variable.
Creates a start event record.
Creates a stop event.
If the offset value is a valid bigdecimal value for the sobjecttype and the offset is
Extract a field from a string using the field type.
Builds and executes a alter table add partition query.
Uses buildsettablepropertiesquery to execute a alter table statements that will set the properties of
Describe a database.
Execute a Hive query.
Execute a query with an execution result set
Specific execution for a batched pipeline for a specific offset
Run the pipeline and accept the consumer for each stage
This method returns the offsetcommittrigger of the associated pipeline.
On record error stop pipeline boolean.
consumer. accept }
Get the insert id for a record.
return null ; }
Sets a fragment in a record.
Sets the document in a record.
Sets a single n1qlqueryrow in a record
= null ; }
Returns true if the sequence number of the given GTID is contained in the incomplete transactions
internal implementation of the withclassloader
Logout the user.
( ) ; }
Replace the variables in the path string with the configured values.
Ensure proper permissions for the resource at the given path.
Main method for running a single evaluation metric.
return CODESTRING ; }
Use rename and get the final name of the path.
Decide whether the record should be rolled.
Matches the given string against the given pattern.
Returns the file system offsets for all files in the index.
Returns the number of nanoseconds until the next thread should block.
Get the offsetslag from the given offsetmap.
Create an instance of the stagelibrarydelegate for the given interface
create a new instance of a stagelibrarydelegate
{ return null }
Find the end of the header in the buffer.
Returns the size of the body in bytes.
Save an itempfile to a temporary file and return the file path.
sslserversocketfactory using a class path to load a keystore
Returns the mime type for the file at the given uri.
Handle the given ihttpsession.
Gracefully stop the livereload server.
Add the mappings for the URI string.
Read the content of the buffer and write it to the outputstream.
Create a new fixed - length response.
Use gzip when accepted.
Add a new cookie with the given name value and expiration time.
Unload cookies from the queue to the response
Decode a base64 encoded cookie value.
Base64 encode a cookie value.
Set the table name to be used.
Return the name of the given principal.
inserts a new session repository filter in the servlet context
Resolve the principal name from the session attributes.
retrieve a session from the database
Get JNDIname from modelnode.
Get the canonical parameter types of a method.
Register the synchronization object with the global transaction service.
} }
Get the current transaction
Process the deployment phase.
Check if a scoped persistence unit name identify a cache region name.
Returns the list of server configuration dependencies from the web. xml file.
Decrements the number of read locks by one.
Increments the number of read locks by one.
add a service to all beandeploymentarchives
Calculate the expiration time after a handlerestoration request.
Process the deployment phase.
make the bdas visible from static modules only if the type is external or synthetic
create new instance of jsearchivemetadata. Builder.
Set configname and configfile in the metadata builder.
Convert a list of securityconstraintmetadata to a list of jsesecuritymetadata.
Get servletmapping metadata for the given list of POJO endpoints.
Return a mapping of the POJO name and classname for the specified list of POJO
Resolve the class if necessary
Get the available connectors for an operation.
Parse coreenvironment element.
{ } }
get pathaddress of a modelnode operation
set the address of a path to a modelnode
Returns the attribute value for the given modelnode.
Does the given operation include defaults?
create composite operation with all operations passed as argument
Creates an add operation on a modelnode.
Creates an add operation.
Creates a read - attribute operation.
Creates a write attribute operation with the specified address attribute and value
Creates an undefine attribute operation.
Gets the current value of the context.
Register a new URL context factory.
Remove a url context factory.
load all providers from the given classloader
Modifies an jboss deployment.
) { }
Modifies jbosswebmd. contextroot in deployment metadata.
Gets the transportclassname from the deployment.
Set the outgoing runas as identity for the given runas principal.
Pop the runas identity.
processmanagement ( deploymentunit ) ; }
Inject a value into an object property.
Tests if the class and property types are the same or are equal.
Find a method by name and property type
Search for a field with the given name and type
Derive useful info from the request.
Standalone collect jdrreport.
Collect the data from the server environment and return the report.
Register a new resource adapter deployment.
Unregister a resource adapter deployment.
method to register all the registered transformers in the system
Write the parameters to the outputstream.
Read an exception.
Returns the owner of the current transaction or the thread that created the lock.
release the lock
add a new log
Add CDI flag to deployment metadata.
; } }
This method is called by the invocation manager when an endpoint is invoked.
Get component view method.
Checks if two method objects have the same name and parameter types.
Get the ejb security metadata for an endpoint.
Return the new security domain or the old security domain if it is null.
ensure same domains. Throws exception if different domains detected.
Sets the idlname of this XidLandscapePoint.
Get the full absolute name of the entry.
Convert a name into a JNDIname.
Process the deployment root file and store the result in the deployment unit attachment
Override handlerequest in order to listen for exchange completion events.
Is the current thread in a transaction?
Get the transactionsynchronizationregistry.
Returns the connection factory.
Returns the last component of a name.
Return true if the name is empty.
Throws a namenotfoundexception for the given name and context.
Construct a new namingexception with a message and a cause.
Creates a new namingexception with the specified detail message, cause and remaining name.
Instantiates a new cannotproceedexception.
Produce a new namingenumeration that iterates over the elements of the given collection in iteration
Rebind the value to a new value.
Get the ActiveMQ component control object for the given operation
Create a new instance of a component.
Get the resteasyspring virtualfile.
Resolve the runtime name of the given pathelement.
( ) )
Get the primitive analysis for a primitive class
; }
Get urlpatterns list.
Get or create a servlet metadata object for the servlets defined in the jbosswebmd object
Get or create a list of servletmappings from the specified jbosswebmd object.
Gets the list of securityconstraints from the specified jbosswebmd object creating a new one if
Get or create a loginconfigmetadata object for the specified jboss web metadata.
Get or create a list of context param metadata objects.
get web resource collections metadata from the constraint metadata
Gets the servlet init param metadata from the given servlet metadata.
New securityconstraint.
New web resource collection.
New servlet.
New servlet mapping metadata.
New authconstraint.
New userdataconstraint.
create paramvaluemetadata object and add it to list.
new paramvalue metadata.
) { } }
Stop the weld.
Get the JNDI name from the modelnode.
Resolve the simple attribute definition.
Determine pattern type.
) { return true
) { }
Get the activemq server name from the properties map or return the default value.
Try to find a default persistence unit name.
Start the activity
This method is called when the application is stopping.
set the state of suspended
This method should be called by the scheduler to resume the current activity.
Inform the object that the method invocation completed.
Inform the object that the transaction is created
start the service
Remove the controller from the namingstore
Get the servicename for the capability with the specified name and dynamic parts.
create resourceroots list.
Get all of the class loaders for the top level deployment and all of its sub deployments
Return whether the persistence unit needs a classfiletransformer
Return whether two phase bootstrap is allowed for the given persistence unit metadata.
Checks if the jpa allow default datasource use
Returns true if we should skip mixedsynchronizationtypecheck.
throws IOException {
Initialization of applettorb with string name
{ }
Sets the namingstore to be used by the active user.
// do nothing }
check param type.
Returns the defaultvalue annotation associated with the array of annotations or null if none.
Validate the basetype.
Return an array of all deferred entity managers currently in use by the current thread.
Returns a string representation of the given transaction status.
Add cache dependencies to all eventlisteners of the given cachetype
Extract dialects from the query
Set the connection to null if no database exists.
Identify dialect based on the case of the parameter name
Initializes the connection to the database.
Convert a string representation of a date to a Date object
Sets the nodename parameter in the prepared statement.
Mark a deploymentunit as enabled. A deploymentunit is marked as enabled when it has a parent
Read the parameters from the inputstream.
Write the retval to the outputstream
This method is called to write an exception to the outputstream.
perform a linear scan of the class hierarchy for a given lookup object
Begins the creation of a new Bean on the SSB thread. Only the first call to
Informs the thread that a thread ends fsbcreation.
Get the most recent invocation stack that was created by SFSB. Returns null if there is
Push a map of extendedentitymanagers to the call stack.
Pop an extended entity manager from the call stack.
Get the current call stack map
Process the deployment phase.
get the idlname of the array or primitive
insert a primitive into an Any object
Convert a Java identifier string to an IDL name.
{ }
get the signature of a class
Returns the signature of the given method.
The name of the internal class is the same as the string representing the internal class.
Returns the batch permission with the given name.
Get or create a transaction scoped entity manager.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map previously contained a mapping
Convert a Camel role to a modelnode.
Return the most recent entity version of the timer. If the timer is already associated with a transaction
Returns a map of timerids to timers from the file for the specified timedobjectid.
get the directory for the given timedobjectid
Adds a new listener.
) { }
Fire an event.
Returns a consumer that closes the provided value.
Add a private credential to the subject.
Returns the reference if the object is an instance of the object factory otherwise the object instance is returned
{ } }
Replace all occurrences of the from string with the to string.
Create a transportconfiguration object from an in_vm_connector.
Addear prefix if relative name.
Returns the root deploymentunit of the given deploymentunit.
{ return
Create view configuration.
Create injection source.
Get the registered view interceptor factories for a given method.
Add view interceptors to all methods of the proxyfactory
Adds a new view interceptor.
Get the registered client interceptor factories for a given client method. The interceptor factories that are registered will
Add client interceptor to all methods of the proxyfactory
Add a client interceptor.
Put privatedata.
Throws an exception for an unexpected element.
Get JaxWs endpoints from the deployment unit.
Get the list of jaxwspojos from a deployment unit.
Get the endpoint name from the servlet metadata object.
Get the endpoint class name from the servlet metadata object
Get servlet metadata for a servlet with a given name
Get required attachment from the deploymentunit.
Get optional attachment from the deploymentunit.
Get jbossweb metadata from a deployment unit.
Get port component metadata from a deployment unit.
Get web service metadata ejbendpoint.
Get contextroot from deployment unit.
Returns the class for the given name. If the class doesn t exist yet it will be loaded
Returns the URL of the resource with the given name.
Returns a collection of all the resources with the given name.
List resource children of the given path.
Pop the stack of open transactions
get the entity manager for the given puscopedname
) { } }
Process the deploymentunit to see if it is a war deployment
All fields all public
New http endpoint.
Create a new deployment from a deployment unit.
return if the deploymentunit is a JAX - RS deployment
Sets the next timeout.
Sets the state of the timer.
Merge the list of deployment data into the current list of scanned deployment data.
Process the deployment phase.
Add remote transactions dependency to the component description.
Get all the container interceptors.
This method determines if the specified method is a method level representation
This method checks that there is only one required element in the seen set
Get the type of the class.
get the component type at the given index
Parse a compound name from its INS string representation.
Convert an assembly name to a vector of decomposed components
Return a namecomponent given a component string
Deactivate the object
Convert a servant to a reference.
Authenticate a username and password. If both username and password are null return null ;
Determine if the given type is matched by a checker.
Return the object instance for the given name
Unbind the JNDI
Create an object from the constructor call
configure a bean with the properties defined in the beanmetadataconfig file
Dispatch a lifecycle joinpoint.
Returns the current namespace context selector.
Create a new servicename with the given name and the given beanstate.
Create a servicename for all the instances of a class.
Get a class description from the first module in the list.
Process annotations from the deployment unit.
// do nothing }
Checks that the descriptor is a valid type string.
Create the metadata for the deployment and attach it to the deployment unit.
Create web app descriptor.
Get the authentication method for an EJB deployment
Process the deployment descriptor associated with the specified deployment phase context.
Handle stateless session bean
Creates a stub class for the specified class. The class is loaded from the class loader if it
Gets the anonymous object id of the object.
Return a copy of the list of persistence providers registered with the system.
Remove all of the deployment specific providers for the given set of classloaders
Add a persistence provider for a deployment based on a set of classloaders
returns the parent moduleclassloader of the given classloader
Process the deployment of the module.
{ for ( int i = 0 ; i < num ; i ++ ) {
set annotation indexes from the deployment unit
Get persistence provider adaptor.
save shared persistence provider adaptor for all deployments
lookup the persistence provider for the given persistence unit
Returns the annotations for the specified uris
Create instance of ejbarchivemetadata.
Build the enterprise bean metadata.
handler for refreshing the participant list.
This method returns the containeranalysis for the specified class or null if the analysis is not available.
Look up the object in the workdone map. If the object is not in the workdone
create workinprogress.
get the idlmodulename of this class without the package
Converts a hex integer to a string consisting of upper case letters.
returns the hex string of a long in uppercase
; } } }
}
Returns true if the given method has non application exceptions.
Get the name of an attribute without its type.
This method is called when the attribute is written.
This function is used by fixupoverloadedoperationnames. This fixupupupupup
Fixup the case names of the abstractanalysis to make sure the names are all uppercase.
Escape all characters in a name so that it can be used in an identifier.
Parse an xtsenvironment element.
Parse a default context propagation element.
Processes all the attributes of the extended stream.
Get list of persistence providers from module
abstract addstephandler for add operations
{ } }
write a single attribute for the given node
create a new ejb session
Infers the destination name from the address
Registers endpoint handlers for a given endpoint class name.
Get the xml names of the given job.
{ }
Return the uri to use. Override if you want different behavior.
Use a URL to connect to a directory.
Converts the string to a composite name and performs the lookup.
Converts the given object to a composite name. If the object is null then a new one is
call unbind on the appropriate naming context
Return an enumeration of the binding list for the specified name. The list is empty if the name
Call destroy on the naming context
Destroy a subcontext.
Call the bind_new_context method to create a new naming context.
Use the given compositename to create a subcontext. Subclasses can override this method if they
Does the actual lookup of a link with the specified name.
Add a new property to the environment.
Removes a property from the environment.
Adds the attributes defined in the deprecated attribute to the description builder
remove a securitydomain from the system
lookup a JNDI resource.
Create a modularreference for a class.
Creates a new modularreference instance for a class.
Create a new modularreference instance for the given class type and address.
Get the localidltype for a given typecode.
wait for security domain to become up
{ }
initsecurityvault Initialize the security vault.
Starts a new Vault Session using the specified alias.
Display the created attribute configuration.
display the vault configuration.
Returns the vault configuration.
Throws if the given value is null.
Returns the deployment servicename of a modifiable resource adapter.
insert value into any
Check if this set of permissions implies the permission.
Returns the actions that have been set.
Returns the name of the script.
internal routine to send a state change notification
Return the value for the given type.
Get the servicename of the context.
Returns a set of all registered interceptors.
adds a new method interceptor
Add a service as a dependency
Get the registered component interceptors for a given target method.
Get around timeout interceptors for specified method
Add a timeout view interceptor.
Adds a around construct interceptor with the specified priority.
Adds a post construct interceptor with the specified priority.
Add a predestroy interceptor with the specified priority.
add a prepassivate interceptor to the internal factory at the specified priority
Add a post - activate interceptor with the specified priority.
Sets component create service factory.
remove all JNDI aliases
Add the remote transportprovider to the ejbclientcontext. builder
Return the servicename of a component in a context.
servicename of a module in the context
Returns the bindinfo for a given environment entry name
{ }
Get a cache of principals. This method will logout each time a principal is accessed.
Returns an array of valuemember objects
Returns an array of valuemembers for the typecode
create a new subsystem root modelnode.
Parse a config element and return a modelnode representing the configuration.
The start method is called when the service is started.
joboperatorservicename servicename.
Add a component description to the deployment
Adds a new messagedestination to the messagemapping.
Get all the components for a given view type which have the same name as the deployment root.
Get a set of components from the deployment.
Get all the components for a given view.
Resolve message destination given a name and a deployment root.
This method builds description builder for the hornetq 2. 0 server
Rejects the defined attributes with a default value
popidentity from context state cache.
Populate the maps with the id s manually. This is to prevent the database from loading the
check the integrity of the loaded modules to make sure they are all there.
Figure out what slot to use given jsf version.
Get the constant typecode for a class.
Add the typecode for a class.
return the container if the package exists ; otherwise return the container
Add interfaces to a class
This method adds all abstract base value types of the supplied analysis to the valuedefimpl list
adds the class if it is not a primitive
; }
return vdef ; }
; } }
get class level injection type.
Creates a new instance of the naming store.
Stop the engine.
Check if the specified methodtype is allowed in the current context
{ }
Get all component classes from the metadata.
This method returns a map of all timers that are waiting on a transaction completion. The map
Removes any extra parameters that are not contained in the allowed set.
get parameters from a modelnode using a mapping
Convert type to class.
Convert an object to an object of the given class. The class is used to convert the object
Get the types of the array of values
Check whether the typeinfos can be simple compared to the typenames.
Returns the next binding in the list.
Get the next more bindings.
Convert a cosnaming. binding into a javax. naming. Binding.
Observe resources.
Cleans up all resources and shuts down the health checker.
Return an IIOP object for an ejblocator
convert a modelnode to a enum value
Kicks a given number of bytes from the input stream.
Check if both elements are not in the seen set. Throws an exception if they are.
Adds a component definition to the lookup
add a classloader to the deployment
Unbounds object under the given name.
lookup a name in the directory.
Return a list of nameclasspair with the given name.
Return a list of all binding names of the given name.
Add a factory to the factory map. The factory will be ordered by chain priority.
Save the context object properties to all the factory instances.
create iosubsystem if it does not exist
Create the welcome content handler file operation.
Return the bean from the pool or null if the pool is empty
calculate the map of operations to their corresponding analysis result
collect metrics for a given resource
Prepare the deployment for the given context and classloader.
Deploy the specified service target.
Publish the deployment.
Stop the web app associated with the deployment.
Start the underlying Weld object.
Register a custom endpoint configuration.
Method retrytimeout.
This method is called after the timer is removed from the system.
get declared methods for a class
Returns the declared fields for the given class. This method may be invoked by a security manager.
This method returns the constructor of the given class. This method uses the default access manager to perform
This method is used to call getmethod on a class.
add messaging_activemq_extension if it exists in the extension resource.
return true ; }
Migrate generic transport factory to the new class
Atomically sets or cancels this Future to the given boolean value if the current Future has not
If the wait has not been cancelled then return true. If the wait has not been cancelled then
Set the type internal to the given value only if the current type matches the given type.
Determines if this clause can be used to execute a indexed function.
Recursively finds all the classes in a given directory and subdirectories.
Get all classes that implement a given interface
Gets the generic multivalue type of a field.
compare two record using an index
Override if you want to override otype inference logic here.
Update the record with the given one only if the record is valid and is not tombstone
Find the record with the given RID.
) throws IOException { return null ;
Flatten a flattened where clause and move all equality expressions to the left
add orderby projections to queryplanninginfo if needed.
This method will extract the subqueries using a collector which is used to collect the perrecordlet
Determine if the given ORID is coming from one of the given cluster names.
Find out if the query target is a view or class with an index that only supports sort only
Returns true if the given oclass is in the diamond hierarchy
check order by direction return null if not defined
true if multiple index lookups are required
) { return null
{ return null ;
Create a new instance of the odocumentfieldhandlingstrategy.
Check if the document has a permission to perform the specified operation on the specified resource.
Check if a rule is defined for the user.
Get compact server status string.
Initialize the system database
Load local databases.
called when a member is removed
returns the name of the new lock manager
Try assigning a lock manager to a member of a cluster. This method should only be called
Commit the current transaction.
Rollback a transaction.
Inform the cache that the identity of the two records has changed.
Update the record cache after a rollback of the transaction.
create a directory if it does not exist and replace the parent directory if it exists
Uses atomic move if it is not supported. Logs a warning if the move is not
This method returns a list of patterns that are disjoint from the patterns in the pattern graph
Determines whether to execute a command only locally and only in the case where the command is already locally
Append a character array to the current element.
Is connected boolean.
merge two buffers into a single short.
Split a short into two buffers.
Execute the command
Override the put method of the oidentifiable singlevalue interface
Remove a value from the map.
oquery execution with parameters
Execute the query and return the first result.
Creates a new firmware image for use by applications.
check if the requested region is valid
replaces the current content of the OS file with the new contentfile
send a command to database
end a request.
Add the host to the host string if it does not already exist.
Start a new request on the given ostorage network.
Get the database object.
{ return null }
Remove a connection from the chain.
Interrupt a specific channel
Disconnect a channel from the server
push the distrib config to all clients
Swaps the value at the given index with the new value.
Releases all locks.
Synchronize the schema of all proxy classes with the database. This is necessary because the proxy classes
Update metadata if the given metadata is not already present in dictionary
cluster the last record in the cluster
return - 1 ; }
Find referenced objects using findreferences.
onasyncreplicationerror handler.
Register a new compression class.
Get open files limit.
returns true if this expression allows the given indexed function to be executed on the given target
Moves an element to a new position in the buffer.
Fills the buffer with a given number of bytes.
execute until there is no return
execute until there is no more return
Overridden to return a boolean.
execute the OGDL query and return the graph
Load a configuration from the storage.
osqlsynchquery or osqlasynchquery
Execute the REST request.
= null ; }
add a new index.
Split this projection item into a new one based on the given aggregate projection split
convert result into an object depending on the type of the document
Returns the collate for the given document or null if there is none.
Gets the string value.
Advance a probe value by the current number of bits.
execute the OGM to get the database
read json data from a file
Check a password against a hash.
Hash a string using the specified algorithm and include the specified hash algorithm.
{ }
create a new oindex
Returns an iterator over the vertices in this graph.
Returns an iterator over all edges in the graph.
Returns the partition key for this task.
The time to wait between synch and CRUD tasks to complete.
Get all the features that have been configured for this driver
check if filechanges filled up to the given pageindex
Parses the timeout keyword.
Parse the lock word from the statement.
Create a cluster for the given classname if it does not already exist.
Free a cluster by id
startup the oprofiler
Shuts down the handler and frees any resources associated with the handler.
Create a singleton oscriptresultset from the provided object.
Grant access to a specific resource to a specific operation.
Revoke access to a specific resource with specific operation.
This method is called by the filter when a record is returned from the database.
reset the table to the initial state
Returns the index of the element at the given index in the table.
Applies a supplemental hash function to a given value.
Create a new index on this table.
Remove all index from property
Returns the current global index for this object.
Get the linked class
convert a odocument to a stream
Remove a orecordlistener from this orecord.
Register a new database with the given name and configuration.
Remove a request timeout from the manager.
make a copy of the current odatabasedocument
Merges the given other value into this value.
replace the current delegate with a new osbtree
If the result is an array return the original result. Otherwise return the original result.
Execute the INSERT or DELETE command.
Closes all the databases in the pool.
This method is called when a storage is unregistered from the system.
Returns a set of all function names.
Get the names of all collate factories known.
get all registered ocommand executor SQL commands
get the size and type of the field from the current position of the bytecontainer
Write the status field to the response.
Set the response headers to be send.
Use this method to send multiple records at once.
write a orecord to the response
Send a HTTP response.
send a stream
Open an existing odatabase.
close the document
Override listenforchanges method to register a change to the collection. The change will be recorded when
Complete a single component operation.
Push the current counters for each component in the snapshot.
This method allows you to push a writcachecountersholder object up to the top of
This method can be used to push a storagecounters holder from the snapshot.
Push a walcounters holder.
Push the current counters for a particular component into the snapshot
{ }
This method stops the fuzzy checkpoint timer.
Stop the full checkpoint timer.
Stop the commit timer.
Stop a wal record timer.
Stop the wal flush timer.
ostatement - > ostatement
init receive messages
initialize the timer task to check if the node is still alive and if so start reconnecting
Remove the record from the database
Set a property on the current object.
Remove a property from the current object.
check for the existence of a classname in the schema
Wrap the given oindexcursor so it can be returned by the oindexchangeswrapper function.
Define vertex attribute strategy
define edge attribute strategy
Return a list of new record operations for the given class
Returns a list of new record entries that belong to the same cluster as the given iids.
adds an entry to the list of indexchanges
Merge two sets into one. If the target set is null the source set is returned.
odata. odata. row.
returns true if the function can be executed without indexing
Prepare the keys to be added to the index.
Write a page to disk
Read the page at the given index.
Truncate a page.
Opens the ZIP file and initializes the internal structure.
Returns true if the localnode is the active server for the cluster
Gets the new node strategy.
Checks if the execution mode is synchronous or not.
Is readyour writes boolean.
Get a map of servers to cluster names.
Get the servers of the given clusters
Check if a server is contained in a collection of clusters
Returns whether the given server is in the cluster.
Get masters from the configuration.
Get all configured servers from all clusters
Get all the clusters with the given inodename.
Get the clusters owned by the specified inode
return the owner of the specified cluster
Returns the owner of the configured cluster.
Get the configured servers of the specified cluster.
Returns a set of all registered servers.
Returns a set of datacenters defined in the configuration
Returns the datacenter write quorum.
check if the cluster is sharded or not
Returns the list of datacenter servers configured for the specified datacenter.
Returns the datacenter name of a given server.
Get global read quorum configuration.
Get the write quorum for a server
Get the cluster configuration for the specified cluster
return the datacenter configuration for the given datacenter
Clear the initialization stack of the active graph.
Returns the index with the given name if it is of the given class. Returns null otherwise.
Drop an existing index.
Add a new vertex to the network
Add an edge to the network
Returns the orientvertex with the given id
Returns an iterable of all vertices of the specified class.
iterator over all edges of the specified class
Returns the edge with the given id.
Reuse an existing database.
Shutdown the odatabase.
Returns the base type of the vertices in the graph.
Returns the orientvertextype object with the given name.
Create a new vertex type from a class with a number of clusters.
Drop a vertex type.
Get the orientedgetype of a given edge type.
create a new orientedgetype with a class and number of clusters
Returns the oidentifiable or oidentifiable element with the given id.
Drop an existing key index of a given type.
Remove a background exception listener from the list.
Notifies all registered background exception listeners of an exception.
Stop monitoring the osession storage systems.
Register the mbean with the platform mbean server
Unregister the given mbean
{ return
{ }
) { } }
Get the value of the property.
Detach the given ipojo from this instance.
Get the version of the specified object.
Wrap a command in an ocommandrequest object.
Mark an odocument as dirty.
Unset dirty flag for a specific object
get all index types
Get a set of all index engines used in the system.
Returns a list of the names of all nodes that returned no data.
get all conflicts and return a list of odistributedresponse
Get the best responses group.
) { }
Parse the received responses and return a list of odistributedresponses
get oexecutionplan from cache
returns true if the given ofrom clause allows indexed function execution on the given target
Returns the shared library for the given database and language
Release a database engine.
Get the next position to read from cache
update the internal representation of the size
Get the value at the given index from the current position
can be used by orderbyafterfilter
Find the first occurrence of a character outside a string.
Jump whitespaces in a charsequence.
Jump to the next or previous character in the given charsequence.
Set the fetchplan
Enqueue a repair record request.
Cancel repair request for a record
Enqueue a repair of a cluster.
Returns a map of alias to the set of involved aliases for the pattern
Create a POJO instance with the specified name.
Register a list of entity classes
Registers the given class as an entity class.
oentitymanager classhandler.
Acquire a database connection from the pool
Returns the number of connections currently available to the specified user in the named database.
Acquire a database connection from the pool
Replace cluster by cluster name.
Returns an iterator that visits all providers of a given type using a given class loader.
check cache memory configuration
Convert a jsonobject to a graphviz vertex
Edge from json object.
Creates a jsonobject from a graphson element.
Creates an object node for a given graph element.
Import a document and add it to the importer
Returns the status of the current job.
Returns a map of datacenter to the set of active servers
Separate algorithm name from string.
Creates a new osymmetric key from the specified osymmetric key configuration.
Construct an osymmetric key from a file.
Create a new osymmetrickey from a stream.
Encrypt a JSON string.
Save the key to the outputstream.
Save the current credentials to a keystore
} return this ;
Adds an object to the unique result set.
Treats the value of ifieldvalue as a field of a record as a map or
Authenticate to a database.
Returns the value for a map entry
return reusedrecord
Override if you want to change the current record.
Get a transaction graph from the database
Returns a new orientgraphnotx object from the database.
close the existing pool and create a new one.
Gets property.
This method is called when a transaction is stopped.
Get the next token from the source.
Returns the token at the specified index.
Returns an iterable of all the vertices in the graph identified by the labels.
This method removes this vertex from the graph.
) { } }
Add an edge to the graph.
Get the connection class name based on direction and field name.
Override if you want to use a different connection.
Process the brokenRids array from the JSON stream into the given set of orids.
Return a map of console method to console object
local node execute on local node
Get the number of nodes in the given collection that have the given status.
wait for next retry
Gets the argument at the specified position.
Checks if the request has the specified parameters.
Connect to a remote oServer.
List all the databases available to the current user.
Get information on the oserver.
Check if a database exists or not.
delete a database on this server.
Freeze a database in the network.
Release a database from a virtual machine
Get the current cluster status
Get the current graph
Parse retry flags.
Synchronously save a record to the database.
delete a record from the persistent store
Returns the authentication header for the given database.
Authenticates a user using the given username and password.
Check if the user is authorized to execute the given resource.
return ; } }
Method to adjust line and column numbers for the start of a token.
Sets the bucketpointer attribute of the BTreePage.
Get the bucket pointer from a given offset.
End an atomic operation.
Acquire a shared exclusive lock until the operation completes.
changes the maximum amount of memory to a new value
Listen on the specified port.
read the parameters from the server configuration
Shutdown the daemon and close all open files.
Adds an item to the queue.
Removes the key and its value from the cache if present.
Acquire an entry by key.
Gets the value for the given key.
Atomically removes all of the elements from the cache.
If the key is present in the data then close it. If the entry is not present then
Empties all the read buffers and applies the read operations to them.
Queue a task to be executed after the drain operation.
Finish the read of the entry.
; return 0 ;
Returns the closest power of two closest to the specified value
Process the incoming olivequery push request message.
Convert a key from a string to enum or vice versa.
Convert all values of the underlying enumeration from number to string.
get the obinaryserializer for a given otype
init shutdown queue
Get the engine with the given name
Add a state to the state set and return a new entry.
Authenticate a user using the given otoken.
create metadata for the current user
Attempt to acquire a readlock with a defined timeout
Returns the vertex in the given direction.
Returns the id of this element. If the element does not have a id null is returned.
Sets a property on the underlying graph.
Removes a property from the graph.
clear the content of the cache
This method deletes the stored data and recycles it from the memory pool.
Finish the importer and close the database
Create a new vertex if it does not exist already.
Parse strategy keyword.
get positions from embeddedcollection
execute the INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Returns true if the fieldvalue is an oidentifiable oidentifiable with the same clusterid
fill a record with the given orid and the given dirty flag
Set the version of a record
Get the record type from the record object.
Initialize the database instance if it has not been initialized before.
return null ;
Convert a link to a record.
Register a new oservercommand.
Create the oserveruserconfiguration object from the user document.
Analyze the given osqlfiltercondition.
Create a new oindexsearchresult for a single item based on the osqlfiltercondition.
Attach all fields of the given object to this document.
Get the class to use for indexing
return currentvalue ; }
Truncate a database
Add the given oclass as a subclass of this one
adds all polymorphic clusterids to the indexes.
) return null ;
Release the pointer from the allocator.
checks to see if any memory leaks exist in the pointermapping
Removes all elements from the pool and frees the underlying pointers.
Reads an int from the given byte array at the given offset.
if the node is not online and the database is not configured for replication then do nothing
install clusters of a class
Dump the current server status to the distributed log
Returns the index of the specified comparable object in the specified array.
Returns the index of the specified element in the array.
Return a set of clusters that the target database is involved in.
Handle a single result.
Return the temporary ridcounter for this query.
Report a tip to the profiler.
Parse the fetchplan keyword.
Parse the nocache keyword.
returns true if an index cursor can be used to optimize the sort order
Returns the current status of the batch processing.
execute the OJB command
called by the driver when an error occurs during compilation
add value to a specified index with a custom validator
rollback the current transaction of the given microtransaction
ocommandrequesttext is generated by the ocommandmanager
id = cluster ;
Method to set a property value
execute the INSERT CLASS command
Execute the INSTALL DATABASE.
Delete a record from the database.
push a record to the callbackhooks queue
Delete a record from the database
count the number of instances of a view.
Count the number of instances of the given class.
Activate on the current thread.
Register oencryption class.
get the relative index to the chunk that contains the given position
Parses the next word. The current position is incremented.
Parses the next word. If the word is missing it throws a SyntaxError exception
Parses the next sequence of candidate words.
Parse optional keyword.
check separators against input string
Execute the INSERT or DELETE command.
Clear configuration files.
Get as a byte array offset.
Extract the token with the given type and return it as a string.
Acquire an access token from the OAuth2 client context.
Copy the token from the current authentication to the context
Checks if there are any characters left in the stream.
Read a line from the stream.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
Ensures that an array index has the given range for the given offset and length.
Swaps the elements of the given swapper with the elements a and b of the given swap
Applies the MurmurHash3 128 - bit operation to the given integer.
MurmurHash3 128 - bit
Write a bytebuffer to the inspection stream.
Truncate the file to a given length.
Change the position of the stream without changing the file.
{ // ignore } { }
Await successful completion of all the current tasks.
Find all the matches of a given query.
Find all the types that are dependent on any targeted type.
Delete all snapshot files except for the last modified timestamp
Compute the hash code of a field from the data access object.
Remove all referenced outside closures from the state engine
Override onannouncementcomplete to calculate the final data size based on the current read state engine
Invoked when a hollow producer completes its cycle.
Read the headertags from the datainputstream.
Extract the primarykey from an object
Clears all the elements from this set.
Read the ordinals of hollow types from the input stream. The data input stream is not closed
Returns the number of bits in the backing bitset.
Get the field value from a hollowdiffviewrow
Copies a number of bytes from a byte array to this array.
Copies a number of bytes from a source buffer to a destination buffer.
Whether this subspace is equal to compareto within the given range.
Copies length bytes from src to dest. Source and dest may overlap.
Copies a number of bytes from a source byte array into a destination byte array.
Read from an inputstream.
Writes a chunk of data to an outputstream.
Ensure that the given segment has capacity.
Returns the position of the given field name in the dataset or - num_ if the field name
Calculates the number of set bits and the number of select buckets from a multilinked list.
Checks whether a dataset has collections in its schema.
Generate all the files in a directory.
Generate files for all the hollow schemas in the dataset.
Check whether any of the keys matches a particular ordinal.
Get the record key for a particular ordinal.
Create a fieldpath for a primary key.
Create a fieldpath for a hashindex
Add an object to the store.
= null ; }
True if the prefix does not contain the key.
Adds a new field for the specified type.
Build a list of hollowschemas with the dependencies of the given schemas
Initialize with next major version defaults.
Get the bit at the given index.
Find matching records for a field.
Return a map of strings to bitsets of matching records
Set the paths to search for elements that match the provided paths. This will replace any existing paths
Set the element key paths.
Restore from last state
This method starts the cycle cycle. This method should only be called from the main thread.
Exclude the given key from the index
Exclude all objects that are referenced by any state engines that other than the current one.
{ } }
Calculates the approximate heap footprint and populates the type metrics
Write field data to a bytedatabuffer.
Write a fixed - length integer using the big - endian convention.
Writes a fixed - length long to the given fieldbuffer.
Returns an ordinal to the pool so that it can be reused.
Sort the array in place.
Calculates hash code for key and field type.
Returns a hashcode for the specified key and field type.
Resize storage to accept a new number of elements per node
Attempts to find a free ordinal given the preferred ordinal.
Allocate space for a new bucket and prepare it for write.
Returns true if the value stored in serializedrepresentation for the given key is same as the value
Grows the keyarray by a given size
rehash previously added data with the same key
Empty keyarray.
Return true if two matchlists are equal
Find a matching type for the given key
Return a copy of the current readstate with the same values as the pending readstate.
Returns the number of elements in the hashtable.
Run a compaction cycle on the current state.
Write a snapshot of the state to the given outputstream.
Write the state to the outputstream
// do nothing }
Normalize a fieldpath to a param name string.
reindexhashindex - build the hollow hash index
Find all matching objects using the given query.
Trigger an asynchronous refresh with a random delay between refreshes.
Trigger an asynchronous refresh with a delay in milliseconds.
add a new typediff
Writes a variable - length integer to the outputstream.
Writes a value to a byte array in variable - length format.
Read a variable length integer.
Read a variable - length long from the inputstream.
Internal method for adding a child view and its layoutparams.
Refresh loading views size.
{ } }
pull to refresh event
Adds a given fact to the list of facts
Adds given facts to the current rule.
Create new instance of rulebuilder.
Create a new rulebuilder.
Return a new rulebuilder with the specified facttype
Return a new rulebuilder with the same data but a different result type.
Create a new builder for the given fact.
create new instance of given rule
Use the supplied action to perform the specified action on the extracted rule.
Gets the rule instance.
Gets the annotated field.
Gets the annotated method of the given class annotation.
Gets a class annotation.
Registers a new auditable rule
Updates the status of a rule.
Returns a map of the current thread id to the rule status for all threads that have not yet
Return a new rulebook with the specified resulttype
Add an action to the then rule.
Perform an action for the result of the previous rule
Reset to the default.
Adds a new rule and facttype to the rulebook.
Returns all POJO classes in the package
read empty line or end table
Convert the list of services to an array.
{ } }
Extract the list of port mappings from the configuration.
Parse a port mapping and return the associated service port
Add port to list if it is not null.
Shift a list of serviceports or return null if the list is empty
) { }
Append imagestream resource to the given file.
check if the serviceport and intorstring match
Return the service port or blank if it is not present.
Returns the host and port for a service.
Put if absent.
Merge tomerge into map if not present.
Returns a new map containing the union of map1 and map2. If either map is null
Put all toput into the map. If toput is null nothing is done.
wait until the pod is ready
Validates a kubernetes id.
Convert an object to itemlist.
if entity has metadata then return the resourceversion
Checks if the pod is ready
Gets the current context from a config object if it exists.
check if there is a route with the given name
Check if the project has one of the given resource paths.
Read and enrich a fragment from a file.
Convert a map of env vars to a list of env vars
Merge two resources into a single resource.
Merges the override map with the original map and removes empty entries in the override map.
local customisation if any container has an image
Read the configuration from the specified file.
Add port if valid.
Get docker json config string.
Gets the plugin configuration of the given id.
Get the secret configuration for a given ID.
Downloads the given URL to the given file.
Compare two version strings and return the number of differences
= null ; }
{ }
Read a profile from the classpath.
Read all metainf profiles that match the given name and extension
Find profile. yaml in the given directory
Get all metainf profile paths with a given extension
Deserialize a list of profiles from the inputstream.
Get image pull policy from resource config or defaultvalue if not specified.
Determines if the session is running in OpenShift mode.
Get the number of replicas for the resource.
Returns the first child element with the given tag name.
Install a template.
Remove tag by name
Create the specified namespace if it does not exist.
Applies the given project.
This method is used to apply a project request on the Shift object.
Get the namespace for the given entity
called when an error occurs while applying rules
Add the namespace to the builder
Enrich a list of Kubernetes ListMetaBuilder with the namespace of the item that
Returns a map containing the environment variables.
Parse the given string as a duration and return the number of seconds.
Returns the number of nanoseconds of the duration as a bigdecimal.
Scans the build output directory for files that match at least one of the specified patterns.
{ }
check if service has ingress rule
Parse a mapping file and return a map of file names to file lists.
Get the default icon reference by checking if the user has specified a default icon reference. If not
copy appconfig files to the application build directory
Loads properties from a properties resource.
Get the spring - boot version of the given maven project.
Enrich a list of enrichers
Gets raw configuration of the element.
Flatten a map with null keys into a new map.
{ return
{ }
Get the value for a given key from the configuration.
Get the configuration for a given name.
Given a list of named things return a list of named things that should be processed.
Adds the from to the builder
Gets the from mode default.
Get the name of the image to be used for rendering.
Returns the registry.
True if the device is online.
Get external service URL from service name and protocol
Gets a boolean property from the global configuration or system properties
create jestclient from httpclientconfig. builder
Creates a new internal node and starts it.
Scan for plugins.
new a americanexpressrewardsbalance from json
Fetch the current reward balance from the server
Construct a paypalpaymentresource from a JSON string.
Makes a GET request to the callback with the specified path
Makes a POST request to the server and tries to sign in with the clienttoken if one
Create a venmoconfiguration from a json object.
Collect the device data from a braintree fragment
Collect data from the device.
Collect the paypal device data from the server
get paypalclientmetadataid from AndroidManifest. xml
Validate the signature of the given package.
Get the value of a JSON property as a string or fallback if the property is not defined.
Parse the paymentmethodnonces response from the server.
Get browser checkout recipe
Gets the billingagreementrecipe for the current browser.
http get method
http post method
Perform a POST request
Approve a local payment
Add a braintree listener
Remove the given braintree listener.
Make a request to the PayPal server to approve the payment.
This method is called when an activity has finished its execution.
Returns a paypalaccountbuilder object with the response from the server.
Convert the word list to a dictionary of nouns.
Remove a word from the dictionary of a word.
Convert a seq of koreantoken to a list of Java strings.
koreanphraseextractor. koreanphraseextractor
Detokenize a list of tokens.
Fetch a number of bytes from a buffer.
Takes a list of bytebuffers and joins them into a single bytebuffer.
Writes a list of nalunits to a bytebuffer
For an integer.
Normalize an array of doubles to a fixed precision array by removing the fractional digits.
Partial reads to the next marker.
Reads the next token from the stream and creates a new bytebuffer with it.
Returns the maximum number of frames that can be read from the animation buffer
modify a mp4 file
Returns the total duration of all edited items in the track in ms
Convert a single frame from the trakbox to a timevalue.
Convert a timevalue to a frame.
Checks if a given mediatv is inside a list of edits and if it is returns
Convert editedtv duration to the actual editedtv using rescale.
calculate the qtplayerframeno of a given mediaframe number
Time of the qtplayer
convert timevalue to timecodeframe
Format the timecode to a readable string.
Build an integer from 7 bits
Sets the n least significant bits of list to val. If list is longer than n the right
Returns true if the given colorspace matches this colorspace.
compsize returns the smaller of the input size that is larger than the input size.
Create a new mp4demuxer for a raw mp4 stream.
This method reads and optionally peeks a number from the cache
Create a new wavheader based on the given audioformat and the number of samples
Create a new wavheader from a list of headers
Parse aacdecoderspecificinfo structure from an MP4 file.
Encodes a MPS or a PPS into the context
Split a trakbox into a pair of lists of edits of size tvmv from
Decode a single frame from the input stream.
Sets the bigendian of this array.
Deblock a region of an encodedmb
encode a single frame to the stream.
encode a long to a byte array of the specified length
Gets the length of the EBML input sequence from a long.
Adds a packet to the flv file.
Reposition the file to the beginning of the file.
Decodes a single bin of the range.
The inverse of decodebinbypass ( ).
Find a marker in the given bytebuffer
Gets the samplefrequency for the integer i.
Predict the 2D plane for a reference frame.
Shuffle a block with the given cardinality.
Calculating coefficients in a block.
Finishes the array by dividing each element of the block by the divisor of the given integer
Concatenates a bit buffer to the end of this bit buffer.
Rewind the bit stream to the reverse. The method assumes that the last 32 bits of the
Move the video input track to the specified keyframe
This method is used to retrieve a picture from the pixelstore
Get the id of the gain changepoint corresponding to lngain
Converts a byte array to an int array.
Convert an int array to a byte array.
Convert the buffer to a float in the specified format
Read an audio float to an open buffer.
Fills the outb buffer with interleaved audio data from the input buffers.
Fills an array with interleaved audio data from the input buffer.
The size of a decoded video in bps
Build a wipemap of the given pic width and height
Read a batch of ul from the given input stream
Reads a batch of 32 - bit integer values from the given byte buffer.
Calculates the median of three MV predictions
Encode a frame for the given picture
encodeidrframe encodes a frame
encode the next frame of the picture into a buffer.
Return a collection of all supported codecs
Return a list of all the tags supported by this codec
; }
Clean up dead references. Should only be used for testing.
Delete all the valid references. This is a blocking operation ; the current thread is not blocked
Loads the specified library from the JVM classpath.
Unpack a library.
Delete all temporary files from the temp directory.
Get the default layout for the number of channels
Get the channel type at a particular index from a layout.
Make a new mediapacket object.
Gets the version information.
Get the default timebase value
Make a new demuxer object. This is a no - op if the videojni
Play a video.
display the video at correct time buffered image.
Make a codecdescriptor for the given id.
Print the given property to the specified printstream.
register the humbleio factory in the manager for the given protocol prefix
Generate a unique name based on the class name and the extension.
Make a new mediaaudioresampler from various layouts.
Returns a collection of supported video frame rates.
Get the list of supported video pixel formats. This method returns an empty list if there is no
Return a collection of the supported audio sample rates.
Return a collection of the supported audioformats
Gets a collection of supported audiochannel layouts.
Set a flag on this coder.
Set one of the flags to a specific value.
Get a decoder for this demuxer stream.
Get the demuxer in this stream.
Get all the available formats.
Make a new filtergraph object
Get bitstreamfilter type.
Return a java. nio. bytebuffer from the buffer at the given offset and length. The
Make a new audioframe with the given audioformat.
) { return input
{ }
{ } }
Get the filtergraph for this filterlink.
Get the metadata for this raw media stream. The return value is a keyvaluebag containing the
Get cpuarch from javacpu string
Get cpuarch from gnu string.
Return the osfamily matching the specified name
Determine the operating system from the given gnu string.
Play a sound.
Loads the specified native library with the specified name if it has not been loaded before.
Adds a library to the set of loaded libraries.
For each candidate library check if there is a file with the same name as the candidate library file
Initialize search paths
Check to see if the library has already been loaded
}
Get a stream from the muxer at a particular position
Get the current muxer for this stream.
Make a setscripttransaction.
Decodes a byte array from a string.
Generate a new random string.
Get a single transaction by its id.
Returns a list of the last N transactions for the given address.
Get the list of transactions that have been sent to the given address.
Get a list of blockheader from a range of positions.
Get the block with the given signature from the server.
Send a request and get the response.
Compile and set a script.
Compile a script to a string and return it.
Write primitive array to the stream.
Flushes the buffer to the underlying stream.
Writes an object to a memory address.
Read a class.
Serializes the object to an array of bytes.
Sets the data to be read from a mmf file and the file channel
Returns the specificity of the specified class. The specificity is the number of times the class
This method is called when a resize operation is performed on the primary memory. The primary use case
Remove a key from the hash map.
This method is used for writing a string as a class or field name. The type and the
{ } } }
Shortcut to create a new fstconfiguration instance
Create a new struct configuration.
Calculate object size in bytes notautility.
clearcaches ( ) ; } catch ( Exception e ) { } }
Get Object input stream from inputstream.
get an input object from the input stream
getobjectinputcopyfrom will copy an array of bytes into an objectinput
Get an object output from the outputstream
Register cross platform class mapping.
Get the CP name for a class.
Write an integer to the stream.
Write a raw integer to the stream as a byte.
Write an integer to the stream as a packed 64 - bit integer.
Write raw bytes to the file.
Get the cached Fstfieldinfo or create a new one if it does not exist
Called when an object has been written to this output stream.
This method is called by the write listener once the object has been written.
For a particular field this method returns the FstClazzinfo that is associated with the field
Write an array to the stream.
Set the string to a null - terminated string.
Writes primitive array to the stream.
Completes the change tracking operation and returns the last state.
origin must be a subspace of origin
register the object to be written. The return value is the register pointer.
Writes the object o to the bytearray arr starting at startindex and returns the number of
reads the next object from the stream
Reads a byte array from the buffer
Read an integer from the input stream
Back up the queue by the given number of bytes.
Sets the threadpoolenabled property.
start embedded cassandra with a temporary directory and a timeout
clean all data in a keyspace except for the excluded tables
copy a file to a directory
Checks if a port is taken by another host.
Return an empty subscriberstate object.
Get the onnx op descriptors
Returns the output shape of the function.
Computes the logical or of the given complex number and the given condition
AND of an indarray with a condition
Compute the logical AND of an ndarray and another ndarray along a given dimension
Computes the logical OR of the given ndarray and a condition on the specified dimension.
return ; } }
Find the first index of the array that evaluates to true for the specified condition.
Convert this attribute to a flatproperty instance
Convert a flatproperties object to a function properties object
Convert a list of function properties to a flat property vector
Set the throwable associated with the callback.
Set the throwable if the current thread is the first thread in the queue
Merges two lists into a new list
Returns a list of lists of lists containing chunk elements of the original list in order
Convert an onnxtype to a nd4j type
Method to call to shutdown the worker thread
Returns the current device architecture
conv2d implementation for a single column.
Pooling 2d implementation
Creates a new compressiondescriptor instance from the given bytebuffer
Splits a list of lists into a list of batches of size partitionsize
all arrays must have the same shape as all arrays
Set the dtype for the databuffer object.
Returns an indarray of num items along the range [ lower upper ).
Returns a flattened version of the given matrices
Computes the bilinear product of the two arrays
Create complex icomplexndarray based on given double array.
Returns a new complex number of the specified complex value
Assign a scalar value to all complex ones
Should we replicate the file?
Subtract another complex number from this one
Calculate the arc tangent of a complex number
ceil the given complex number
Returns the negation of a complex number.
Calculate the absolute value of a complex number
Raise a complex number to the power of another.
Binarizes the feature set such that any number greater than cutoff is 1.
Sample a dataset
The memory footprint of this object in bytes.
Returns the stacktrace as a string.
Convert a full hostname to a simple hostname.
array to string
Converts a byte array into a hexadecimal string representation
Get a list of strings from a string using a delimiter.
Splits the string into an array using a provided separator. Escape characters specified by the separator will
if separator present
Find the next separator or preeceding escape character.
Escapes all the special characters in the string so that it is valid HTML.
Join the given strings with the given separator.
Convert a string to camel case
Return the stacktrace of a thread as a string.
Returns the inverse of arr.
Returns the n - th value of this polynomial.
{ }
{ }
This method is not thread safe and should only be called from the main thread
Get the shape information for this shape
Returns true if the given shapeinfo is a vector
Get the order of the elements in the array
Returns the offset for the given indexes of the given ndarray
Convert an int array to an indarrayindex
Gets a short from the character position in the string.
Reallocate the object for the given length.
copyatstride_ )
{ }
The uri for the Kafka resource to connect to.
Element - wise power function - x^y performed array power
Computes the logarithm of an ndarray
Maximum function with a scalar
Element - wise maximum between two arrays.
Performs a scalar minimum on the given ndarray.
Element - wise minimum function.
Calculates stabilize of an ndarray
Computes exp ( - 1 ) of the given ndarray
Logarithm of a ndarray
Converts a bounds indarray into an array of the same shape as the input array.
Returns the next dataset.
Build an allocationshape for a new buffer.
Checks if the given name exists in the directories specified by the system environment variable.
read the data from the inputstream
Discard cached data from the tail of the data
Create a new indarray from an npy pointer
Create a numpy array from a file.
Allocate a pagedpointer from this operation
Establish a reentrantreadwritelock on the given object. If the object is
True if the server is started
Executes the given operation on the workspace.
; } }
Returns the inputstream of the resource. If the resource is a JAR file the inputstream
Returns the device id for the given threadid. If the threadid is already associated with a
override attachthreadtodevice in DriverAgent
Returns the next available device for the current thread. Subclasses may override this method to tinker with
Get the operating system name.
Calculates the CPU architecture of the current machine.
Publish an array to the endpoint
Create a new databuffer of the specified type.
{ }
Adds two complex numbers together.
Processes incoming message. This method is called when a new message is received from the client.
Average pooling 3d operation.
Depthwise Convolution with 2d configuration
Reset the internal state of this scanner
Returns the string representation of the op class of the given op.
Allocate a new array and store it in the samediff
Get the shape of this variable
Evaluate a string to an array
Compress an array of doubles
Element - wise complex exponential function.
Returns the center of the complex array with the given shape
Truncate a complex array to a specified number of dimensions
Pad a complex ndarray to the specified shape by zeroes.
Find the index of the element with maximum absolute value.
Broadcast an array to all connected devices.
This message is a response to the client by sending an aggregation request to the cluster.
Returns the Gamma function of the specified mc.
Returns the square root of the argument.
Cumulative cut - off root of the argument bigdecimal.
Returns the exponential of the number using the given mathcontext.
raises a bigdecimal to the power of another
Rounding of a bigdecimal to an integer power of n rounding up.
Tangent function.
Calculate the inverse hyperbolic sine of the number.
Calculate the inverse hyperbolic cosine of the number.
scale - precision to d significant digits.
Precend the precision of a bigdecimal.
Convert error to precision.
Put a function for the given id
Get the input arguments for a differential function.
Update the array associated with the given variable name.
Put a new shape for the given variable name. If there is no shape for the variable name
Associate an indarray with a particular sdvariable
Get property for function.
add a property for a differentialfunction
Add an outgoingfor to the function.
This function adds the arguments to the list of arguments for this function.
Check if the function has any arguments
This function executes the samediff pipeline on inputs and returns the result.
one - dimensional constant initializer
Return a vector that is the oneslike of the input.
Return a zerolike version of the input
Remove an argument from a DifferentialFunction.
Set the gradient for a given variable
Average pooling 3d operation.
Get GRU variable for a given basename
execute a list of ops
Create a while statement
Get a function from the function manager
execute all the cachedops for the given functionname
execute backwards with custom op and end result
Adds a variable to the list of placeholders
Allocate a block of memory that will be managed by the BlockStore.
The lengthford type of a databuffer of a given type.
Returns the dtype for the allocationmode as a string.
Returns the current dtype from the context
Get the op number by name
This method destroys all workspaces associated with current thread
print allocation statistics for current thread
Call the transpose of a transpose of a vector.
Compute the product of the given accumulation and the given dimension
Decode indarray to target via thresholddecode.
; }
Invoke a scalar operation on a given dimension array
Assert that there are no workspaces open
Computes the negative loglikelihood of the given distributions.
This method is used to request the timer to tick the system.
return true ; }
Permit to release a toe resource
get current state
This method is called when a new message is received from the clipboard.
This method initializes the current dataset based on a list of datasets
init host collectors
Returns device pointer of the given databuffer
{ }
Updating the learner with the new gradient
Synchronize to the host of the task. This is invoked by the task executor when the task
Create an indarrayindex
Return a map of all the properties of the current function. The key of the map is the
Returns true if any of the arguments has placeholders
Returns a list of variables that are the difference of this operator and the one given.
Returns a formatted string of the specified indarray.
import a tf graph and return the samediff
Convert a complex ndarray to a blob
Loads a complex ndarray from the given blob.
Save a complex array to the database
Copies the real part of this complex number to the given indarray
Copies the imaginary part of this complex number to the given indarray
Sets the value of each element in the double precision array to that of the passed in number.
Assign another complex array to this complex array.
Return a subset of the rows corresponding to the indices
Copies a row of this ndarray into the correct type.
Put a column
Subtraction of indarrays
Add two complex numbers and store the result in a new complex array
Subtraction of two complex ndarrays
icomplexndarray version of add
Assign this complex number to the view
Return a copy of this complex ndarray with the values raveled
Compute the eigenvalues of a matrix.
Compute symmetric generalized eigenvalues of the two arrays a and b.
Find the element of a complex array that has the largest value.
Copies a complex array to another complex array.
Computes the product of a complex number and a complex array.
{ } }
Returns the number of non - zero elements
return null ; }
Returns the noarg constructor for a class.
return null ; }
Invoke a method.
Returns the first annotation of the given type that is assignable from the given annotation array.
Get the declared annotation on the given class and annotation type.
Returns true if an annotated annotation is present on the given class or interface.
Creates a new proxy instance for the given interface and result.
return null ; }
Save a single entity
Create a new memcacheservice proxy.
Get entity metadata by kind.
Returns a list of keys matching the supplied query.
Query a data store using a hybrid query.
Query normal return type.
Run a projection query on the dataset and return the results
Returns the number of results of a given query.
{ return input ;
Execute the loading of the results of the given keys.
Add a message to a log message with the path.
Creates a key for a given object
Compares two keys with their identity hash code.
Convert a raw key to a key.
Convert a typed key to a raw key.
{ } }
check whether the type is missing type parameters
Determine whether a type is a subtype of another type.
Get the exact direct supertypes of the given type.
Capture a parameterized type.
Get translator.
Get entity populator.
Returns the boolean value of the index instruction or null if there is none.
This method is of interest if any of the parameter annotations are also load.
Returns all declared properties of the class
Returns the keymetadata of the property.
Get a value from the session.
Executes the query and returns the result.
{ return pending ;
Recursively add all indexed discriminators of a class and all of its superclasses.
Register a translator for a subclass of this factory.
Get the collection component type from the given type.
Returns the type of the key component of a map with the given type.
Creates a new forwardpath from the given path.
Get the final path from the current node to the root node.
Returns a string representation of the tree path.
Return the number of elements on this path.
Put a collection of updates to the cache.
Empties the specified keys from the cache.
Cache put if untouched.
return null ; }
Gets the keys of the given collection of buckets.
Sets the key of the given pojo to the provided incompletekey if it is not already set.
Sets the id of the given pojo to the given long id.
Get the raw parent key of the given pojo.
Recursive method to create a translator for the superclass of the given typekey.
{ return false
Transform owner type.
Returns the annotation for the given annotation type, or null if there is none.
Add all mappings from the other session to this one.
Load a single result from the cache.
Execute the scheduled task if it has not already been executed.
Translate result from Google Cloud Datastore to Java object.
Fetch a set of entities from the datastore.
Load a single entity from the datastore.
Creates a raw key of the specified kind with an arbitrary id.
Gets the raw key value for the given key.
Get the ID value of a Cloud Datastore key.
Convert a urlsafe string to a google cloud datastore key.
objectify transactionless objectifyimpl.
Objectify a new instance of an objectifyimpl in a transactional manner.
Run the work and commit the transaction if the commit succeeds.
Matches an onpojo with a set of conditions.
{
Get or create an asyncdatastore.
get metadata for entity.
Allocate a range of keys from the datastore.
Open a new Objectify session with the specified options and transactor supplier
Pop the top element off the stack and close it.
Makes all values in the list an index if they are not explicitly excluded.
Create a new reference with the given value.
Guaranteed to return the value or throw an exception in case of mismatch.
Add a new value for the given key. If the key already exists then the value is added
If this future has not yet completed trigger the future.
Generate an array of if conditions from an array of if statements
Completes the execution of the script.
get container by type and path
Get the stat for the given kind creating it if necessary.
If the given throwable is a runtimeexception or error unwrap it and throw it.
Returns the translator for the given typekey. If a translator does not exist for the typekey
Get the root translator for the given type
Creates a translator and returns it.
Load a property value from a container.
Return the property value of the container.
Sets the value of a property in a POJO.
{ return ; }
Get the value of the property of the given pojo
write all extensions of an extendablemessage
Write the content category to the generator.
Write a list of content categories
Processes the given string.
Return an iterable of bid builders for the specified response.
Find a bid with the given id in the response.
Update all bidbuilders in response using the updater function
Remove bid builders matching the predicate from the response
This method is responsible to read all the extensions from the current builder
Returns true if the current token is null or an empty token.
add new extension reader
Register custom extension writer
Processes the given bid request.
Processes the fields of the given bid context.
Applies the updater to all objects in the collection. The updater function is invoked for each object in
filter messageliteorbuilder list using a predicate
get current name from jsonparser
starts a new object
starts an array
returns the current token if it is not null or the next token if it is the same as
Write a boolean field to the JSONGenerator.
Write a list of strings to the specified field name
Write a list of integers to the specified field name
Write a list of longs to the specified field name
Write a list of protocolmessageenums
Resolve a base url against a target.
Returns a new url which is the same as base but has a relative path to the target.
Returns an array of url host segments.
Returns the host of the url or null if it can t be parsed.
return null
Construct a list from a storm configuration
extract config element from conf object
{ return
Generate the warcinfo. java file.
Extract refreshurl from the string
Get the metadata for a outlink target for the metadata.
Filter the given metadata according to the filter criteria and return the filtered metadata.
Adds a new url to the queue.
cleanfieldname Lowercase the input string.
Get charset name from bom file.
Detect charset from text.
) { }
sniff the content looking for the first occurrence of the clue in the content.
Set a metadata value.
Get the first metadata value for the given keys. Null if none.
Returns a list of cookies from the given array of strings.
check if cookiedomain matches urlhostname
Returns a cache key for the given url.
Get baserobotrules from cache
This method extract meta tags from a document
{ }
Use this method to filter a url.
Apply all defined rules to the urlstring.
Read the rules from the rules file
return CODESTRING ;
Construct a navigationfilters object from the storm configuration
add a new record format.
return 0 ; }
return true ; }
Construct a parsefilters object from the storm configuration
Append a new node to the current container.
Receive notification of a processing instruction.
This method doesn t do anything.
Receive notification of the beginning of a DTD.
Returns the value of the url column.
This method trims the given text according to the maxlengthtext.
Check if there is a custom interval that matches the metadata.
Construct a urlfilters object from the storm configuration
Set the number of items in the wheel
Given a size and a measurespec return the estimated size and state. The state of a measure
Set the drawable that can be used to draw empty items.
Sets the angle of the wheel
Update the selected position with the current angle.
Invalidates wheel item drawnable by the specified position.
raw position to wheel position
Update the angular velocity if the angular velocity has increased.
Get the contrast color for a specific entry from the materialcolor resources.
Clamp a number to the given upper limit.
Write the coveralls file to the given jsonwriter.
Return all data as a bytebuffer.
Sets the string element of the matrix to a given string.
creates a stringarray of all strings in the correct order
Make a char array from a string.
; }
) ; }
The offset of the forecast time interval. Default is 0.
; }
Show this overlay only if it is not iconified.
Estimate the actual size of the dataset by using a cfgridwriter2 object
main grib1recordscanner application
newunitname with a name and a plural name.
new unitname.
Make the name plural.
True if the date d is included in the interval.
Intersect this daterange with another.
Extend this daterange by the given daterange.
Extend the time range by a given date.
Set the start date of the event
Set the end date of the event
Set the duration of the line
add mapbean to the menu
prints the input string in the error stream
Returns the name of the node.
Get the parameters as a string.
Method to open a file for reading.
compute bounds of a latlon bounding box
sync the min and max values to the timepicker
compute the unlimited chunking of a dataset
Register a new directory.
Processes incoming events.
Wrap a netcdf dataset in a featuredataset object
Check to see if a particular featuretype is ok by checking for point and coverage or grid
{ return null
Write a catalog.
Convert a catalog object to a html string
get the user defined css file
Get the user head
make dynamic catalog object from path
{ }
set the global credentials provider and useragent with the given values
Send get request and parse the result as string.
Send string content as urlencoded request.
return null ; }
Override to make a catalog from the current state
Extract the geospatial coverage from a group object
Get a single dataset from a gribcollectionimmutable by typename.
Check if this value is nearly equal to the other value.
creates a new unitid or returns the existing one if the name is null
Parses an attribute specification string into an array of numbers.
Reads the top of the queue from a file and returns the number of bytes read.
Converts two shorts to an int.
Returns an int extracted from a Little - Endian byte array.
Creates a date from the given juliandays and msecs.
Make a valid netcdf object name from the original string.
This function checks if the supplied name is a valid netCDF3 object name.
. IOException ; }
Read a subset of the records in a particular section.
{ }
Make a timestruct for the time at timeindex
make a timestruct for the given calendar
Checks if the string has a timetemplate.
Add a function to the function registry.
Get boolfunction by name
Get the btfunction from the function table of this class
Load a new serverside function.
Get level name.
Get level description from a record
Get the meteorological unit of a level
Get the projection type from the projection name.
Is the given record a vertical coordinate?
Is the given record a layer of this grid
) { }
Creates a dummy transform variable and fills it with dummy data from the coordinatetransform
) { }
This method is called when executing this application from the command line.
Save the state of the table to the persistent store
Returns a copy of this chronology with the specified time zone.
Writes the count to the stream.
Writes anatomic array to the stream.
Writes the specified bytes to the output stream. The bytes are written to the underlying output stream
Writes the bytes to the output stream.
;
Convert a daterange to a calendardaterange.
Create a grib2gds object based on the template
DAP PASTE Method for parsing a DAP string and produce a DAP int
dasparse - Parse a DAP message and return the number of tokens parsed.
Flip the order of the grid header
Read a grid from a mcidas grid record.
Usage : mcidasgridreader file num_ = 1
Write a single a constraint
Method to write headers and ss file
Write all the operations to a file
Read all the files in the directory and pass the results to the closure.
Iterate through the specified log file and pass the results to the provided closure.
{ } }
Find the grid record that matches the specified parameter.
Reads the RPACKAGE file and returns the value as a float array
This method is synchronized in order to avoid cross-threading issue.
Updated the scale factor from dp_ugrb and update the current value in the array i
_grib1 ; }
Unpack data from a grib2 record.
print all grids
return ; } }
Create a new calendardate from the given values.
Create a new calendardate from a java. util. date.
{ }
Create a new calendardate from the given millisecond timestamp
Parse a single UDUNIT value from a string.
calculate difference between two dates
Creates a new cdmarrayatomic object.
Sets up the instance variables and calls the doonce method if not already set.
Escape a string according to RFC 2396.
Creates a list of slices from a list of ranges
Unwrap a netcdffile that may be referenced by other netcdffiles
True if any dimension in dimset is a variable length dimension.
Compute the effective shape of a dimension set.
Add the second to the given date and return the new date.
multiplies the current unit by the specified unit.
Override divideby to handle division with another unit.
divide a unit into another unit.
Raise the current unit to a power of two.
Convert to a derived unit.
Converts the input unit to a derivative unit.
Converts a measured unit to a real number using a derivative unit.
Return the canonical string representation of this dimension.
read data from this section iterator
Read a data vector from a collection of coordinates.
Flatten the time series data for a subset of stations
find service by name
Get the size of a gate based on its datatype.
The start of the first gate of a particular data type.
Get the number of gates of a specific data type.
throws IOException { }
Returns the preferred size of this layout given the components in the specified container.
) { return null
generate proxy dataset resolver catalog.
Returns a new dateunit for the given calendarname and unit string.
function to create a new instance of this dateunit with a different calendar
Return a new calendardateunit instance
Return the quantitydimension of this unit.
Check if the file is a valid file by checking the file ordering.
readdata1 will read the data of the ucar. nc2. variable v2 into
Read data from a regular vector of integer
Read data and store into a 16 - bit big - endian byte buffer.
Calculate elevation from angle.
Calculate the step size for the histogram bins
Calculate the Z - axis value between two Z numbers
Calculate the data coefficients for a given record.
Calculate the nyquist function using Taylor Series.
Make a vertical transformation on the given data set.
Sets the debug flags.
Whether extended index should be opened and written on disk
Reads the xy values of the given grid variable.
Returns true if the specified time index and lev index is missing from the ensemble at the specified
If the projection is a latlonrect or latlonboundingbox return the boundingbox of
Finish the parsing and create the internal structure data
Write a tab character to a stringbuffer.
Pad a string to a specified length by adding spaces to the end of the string.
Returns a string representation of the integer v padding with zeros to width characters.
Returns a string of a fixed width.
Returns a human - readable version of the given byte size.
Prints the number of significant figures to stdout.
Prints the number of decimal places of the input value.
Returns the shape as a string.
{ }
Converts this interval to a constraint string.
Compose two slices into a single slice. The target and the src slice must be of
Returns the index of the element at the specified index in the slice.
Dump a number of bytes from a bytebuffer.
Get the earthellipsoid corresponding to the given name.
Get the earthellipsoid of the specified epsgid
Decode a VLEN data section.
Extract a URL from a page.
Get the text content of a URL.
filter tag text file in a case insensitive manner
Read data from a NetCDF variable into a writable byte channel.
Adds all the attributes from the given iterable to the dataset.
Removes an attribute.
Removes an attribute ignoring case.
Returns the offset in time units.
addactionsourcelistener This adds an action source listener to the listener list.
Convert a standard date to java date
This function returns the standard or iso date for a given date
Return the date that this timescale was originally calculated from.
Return the date of the measurement.
converts a time value to a date using the unit specified by this object
Calculate the time value based on the given date and timeunit.
Make a standard date string from a given date.
Get the grid spacinginkm for the given type.
Add the dimension to the netcdf file
) { return null ; }
default : return false ; } }
) { }
Adds a new coordinate system variable to the netcdf file.
}
Calculate position of the point on the ps grid
Calculates the latin value.
projection of grid defined by startx and starty at the same position
; } }
Read metadata content from a metadata URI
; }
Check if the file is a valid file by checking the magic number.
Writes an array of bytes to the stream.
Sets the clearname.
Get the name of a coordinate variable
Returns the name of the coordinate or null if one can t be found
Builds the xml response.
Builds the exception.
Returns a list of dimensions that contain the names of the levels in the given netcdf dataset
Make the zcoord axis based on the unit type
Create new dimensions for the given netCDF variable along the given level
Make the coordinate axis corresponding to the reference variable
Returns the float value which has a given bitmask of true or false.
Write a bunch of data from one file to another.
If the netcdffile is a netcdfdataset that can be enhanced returns the original
Open a netcdf file from the local file system
Clear the coordinatesystems for all enhanced variables.
Find a coordinateaxis of a given type.
Find a coordinateaxis by fullname
Find a coordinatesystem with the given name
Find a coordinatetransform by name
returns true if the enhancer needs the items in the want set
Sets the values of a given variable using the given starting values.
Set a list of values for a given variable.
Make an array from a list of strings with a given datatype.
Returns the current dimension index.
get an existing file for the given name
Returns a list of features that intersect the provided bounding box
Discretize sample into discrete samples.
Add a threddsmetadata to the catalog.
Adds a new inline translation to the first invdocumentation of the given type.
Removes all invdocumentation objects of the specified type from the dataset.
Returns the maximum number of bytes that can be read from the given start offset.
Returns true if the given NetCDF file is mine i. e. if the attribute value
Break up a conversation name string up into a list of names.
Helper function to build a convention attribute string out of a series of convention names
{ } }
Find the coordinate axes of all the variables in the dataset.
Find the coordinate systems of all the variables in the dataset.
Make coordinate systems of all the variables in the dataset.
Make the coordinate system of the variables maximal.
Determines if a coordinate axis is a coordinate axis for a given variable
Subset an invdataset to this one
Apply a filter to the datasets in this tree.
if the dataset is read, mark it as read
initonce will only be called once
Returns the number of times the specified value appears in the collection.
Add a name and symbol to the table
Compare this tablerow to another tablerow.
) { return 0
Pass all reserved keys to the DAP node.
= false ; }
Registers a class with the dispatcher.
{ } }
Indicates whether a DSP is already registered with the specified class.
Unregister a DSP.
getforecasttimeintervalsizeinhours.
The offset of the forecast time interval.
Get the unit of the vertex
Sorts the dapnodes in ascending order
Find a variable in a dataset containing a particular attribute.
Find a variable in a dataset with a specific attribute value.
Returns the name of the variable in which the attribute with the specified name has the specified value.
Find variable with attribute value.
Find the first nested structure in a given structure
hasetcdf3recordstructure ( ) - returns true if the given dataset has a record structure
Get the literal value for a particular attribute name
Get the featuretype from a netcdf dataset
Get the name of the variable referenced by the literal key
Returns the value of the specified coordinate.
connectlon function.
Returns the coordinate values of the subspace.
Create a section of the coordinate axis.
Find the index of the closest value in boundsforrun to target.
return null ; }
Adds an action to the menu.
Returns the match for the path or null if it does not exist.
The main method for the projection manager program.
find the index of the first occurrence of match in data
add a picture to the cache
print the size of the cache and the maximal cache size
Stop background loading of all the picture
stop background loading except the one specified. return true if background loading was stopped
Use this API to get information about a particular URL.
use this to make a httpmethod from a request
generate a random float within a given daptype.
Returns the number of characters between min and max.
cdmvar is null when the file is being read
Get the provider for the given URI.
parse the station table
Returns the index of the value in the tuple.
Remove a data variable.
cloud height in meters.
read a gridset from a file
Set the number of colors
{ }
Create an authscope for a uri.
Finish the comparing of the internal grids.
Checks if this factor is reciprocal of the given factor.
get directory catalog.
Find an index in the array for a given value.
IOException { }
read metadata content.
throws SAXException { }
Validate metadata content of cataloggenconfig object
Read a cataloggenconfig element.
read a single datasetsource element from the XML file
Read a datasetnamer from an element of a dataset.
Read a datasetfilter element.
Read a result service element.
{ return null ;
Creates an element that represents a datasetsource.
Create an jdom2 element that represents a datasetnamer
Creates an element that represents a datasetfilter.
Create an element for resultservice
Determine if a flag is defined.
construct the menu
add a parameter table to a set of parameters
Makes a gempak parameter from the block.
Returns the parameter with the given name.
Read the contents of the inputstream into a string.
Reads the content of the input stream into a byte array closing the input stream when done.
Replace the ensemble template id with the new ensemble name.
Set the station name and description
This method is called by the input processor when it has to read from a buffer. The buffer
{ } }
Set the NetCDF file to be processed.
Set debug flags from a debugflags object
Parse a name into pieces
Recursively find if the given basetype is a group or not.
Returns the netcdfstrlendim of a dodsvariable
Get the shared dimension instance for the given group or rootgroup
Constructs the dimensions of a dodsarray and puts them into a list.
Checks if the given base type is an unsigned integer.
Reads datadds from server.
Get an imageicon from its full name.
Get the image from the resource file.
Make a custom cursor from a named image.
read datafill with a fillvalue from a file
read datafill from a positioningdatainputstream
read a data field filling with a fillvalue if specified
Make a primitive array of the specified datatype.
Convert a byte array to a UTF8 char array.
Convert a char array to a UTF - 8 byte array in UTF - 8 charset
This function converts a byte array containing unsigned bytes into a char array.
Read a section from a parsedsectionspec.
newarraystructure. member m ;
Get string value from a record
Returns a scalar structure from the cdmarray
Get the array from the given record number
Create a structuremembers object for a given dap variable.
Add a dimension to a group
return path
Adds a nested EXPLICIT dataset to the dataset cache.
Add a dataset scan.
use this method when you need to finish a task and want to re - scan the data
{ }
Returns a typical dataset from the nested datasets
Make a new netcdf dataset object.
put resource control record to hash table
Add a new point to the polygon
Returns the upper boundary of the path.
Returns an array of the lower bound of the polygon
Set this. isvalid to true if the current position matches the input.
{ }
Method to add all the features from a feature dataset to the current one.
Parses the constraint.
Evaluate the toplevel variables in the DAP and return the result.
printconstraint prints the full constraint to the given printwriter.
Fix the attributes of a netcdf file according to the definition in the ODL file.
shared dimensions setter
Check if one dimension is listed in the list of unknown dimensions. If it is, set the
Recursive helper method to find group by it s shortname.
Read the content of an XLink.
Get the URI of the standard image of the catalog
{ }
Adds the specified component with the specified constraint.
Invalidates the layout of the given container.
Removes the specified component from the layout.
Calculate the minimum layout size
This method lays out the components in the specified container according to the layout policy of the container
isradialcoordsys This returns true if the specified coordinatesystem has radial and elevation
Get the maximum radial value.
Uses the Haversine formula to convert earth to sat.
Scan a point and return the sattoearth of the pointer
Calculates the lamda_to_geos and theta_to_goes given
Convert a scan geometry to a sweep angle axis
Convert a sweepangleaxis string to a scangeom string
set the runtime coords for this timespan
, IOException { }
simple method to rewrite a point feature dataset
Returns the arraysequence value for the given member name.
Returns the full name of the node.
Get the unique id of this object
Gets the invaccess of a given service type.
Finds the invdataset with the specified name.
get the parent catalog
Return all metadata of the specified type.
Find service by name
Get variables of a given vocabulary
recursively find all the catalogrefs of a list of datasets
Escapes a path for use in a URL.
) { } }
Extrapinterpolate a double array
Calculate the computerho of a lat in degree.
Override getdetailinfo to include the details of the parsing.
Make a structure object from the gempak variables
Make a new missing variable
Makes a new parameter variable for the given gempak parameter and dimensions.
{ }
Returns the size in bytes of a simple stnvar.
Returns a 1d array of the specified data type.
The state of a token after the input token.
nice error message with possible token names
print all symbols of a reduce yyrule
Reads a DMR encoded string.
Returns an error message as a string.
{ return len
Read a single header from the input stream.
Convert an ISO 8601 formatted string to a date.
Read a text file or url as list of records.
Transfer a group from one dataset to another.
Finds the StnFile associated with the given location.
Open the file and read the next one
return index ;
return - CODEINTEGER
create all runtime collections from all source files
Set the edit value of the label.
p = new datatype
Ecftolla function.
Clean unit string
Returns a new string with all the whitespace removed
Returns true if the given string is unitless.
notes factory.
Gets the varid for the note.
Parse a single das into this object.
Find a dodsv in the trie with the given name.
Recursive method to find the datav in the tree.
get child by index.
Get the parent group of this entry. This will either be the root group or the ncfile
Get the i th dimension in the matrix.
Find the index of the dimension with the given name.
Returns the units of the decimal value or null if the units are not present.
Returns the shape as a section
Provide a slice of this variable
Sets the enumtypedef.
Reads a range list into an array. If ranges is null then all ranges are read.
read a string from the current position of the scalar
{ }
{ }
Writes the CDL.
Useful for debugging.
Set the datatype for this sequence element.
Set the dimensions for this shape.
}
Set the dimensions for this sub - task.
reset the dimensions of this shape
Set a dimension of this ndarray
Set cached data for this object
Returns a list of all dimensions contained by this object
= null ;
Sort the grid and rebuild the gridlist
Get all datasets from this multi dataset.
Check whether the given path matches any of the configured syn extensions.
Opens a netcdf dataset.
Builds the dap from the current state of the builder.
Build sequence and structure types for a given variable.
Build the dimension reference list.
Find matching enum typedefs for a matching enum value.
Returns the core dimensions of a dimension set.
Read a file and process all the messages in the file.
Process a bufr message as a dataset.
The dopost method is used by the servlet to handle incoming POST requests.
Get the current affinetransform.
= false ; }
Calculate the area of the map.
Convert a projection point from world space to screen space.
Pan the map by a given amount.
Zoom the image.
Recalculates the size of the image using the current bounding box
Add a listener to the dispatcher.
Remove a listener
send an event to all listeners
send an event except the source of the event
{ return true }
Prints the data of a single variable.
Prints the data of a variable as a string.
prints a given structuredata to the given printwriter.
printarrayplain ( out )
static method that prints an array to the given printwriter.
Writes a NetCDF file to a writer.
Read a double attribute.
Adds a new parameter to the coordinate transformation. If a parameter with the same name already exists for
return null ; }
Is positive up boolean.
}
Make the label for the specified quantity.
Sets the bitoffset.
Read nb bits and return the corresponding unsigned integer.
Reads a signed integer from the bit stream.
Open a dap connection to the given URL.
get DAS information from DAP
Get the complete compilation unit for the given project and selection
Project a projection to a given latitude and longitude.
idvdatasetcatalog = IDVDatasetCatalog of datasets
Convert an INV - compatible daterange to an IDV - compatible one
{ return false }
Handles the information about the spacecraft number.
Handles the sensor information.
Read the root element of the XML document
Clean the input string for XML character data.
Xunescape a string with an escape sequence.
Escapes a string so it can be used in a URL query string.
Unescape a url query string.
Decode a backslash encoded string.
Escape all backslash characters in string.
Add the lighting global attributes to the given netcdf file
; }
; }
Converts a byte array to a double using the swapping function.
Converts a float to a float and swaps the ints in the float.
Converts a double into a 64 bit double and swaps the high and low bits of the long
Short to byte array.
Convert an int to a byte array.
long to byte array big endian = > big endian
Subset a number of transformations within a given range.
Convert the object to an XML document.
make a copy of an array with a certain probability.
Start an XML document
Write all the features to the file
add all levels from the list of records to the current levels
Add the vertical dimension to the netcdf file
Adds the tonnetcdf files to the given group
) { }
Returns the index of the given record.
Exit the program.
Get a file from the cache. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Get an existing file or cache.
Show the contents of the cache
Remove all cached files from the given directory.
Calculate the bearing in degrees between two points on the Earth
Calculate the bearing in degrees between two points on the Earth
{ }
Find a point on the surface of the earth.
Find a point on the default earth.
Find a point on the default earth.
start loading picture in thread
Load the picture with the given url with the given rotation.
This method will display the picture of the current object.
stops the loading of the image
This method is used to stop the image from loading. It will not return until the image is
Get the size of the source picture in pixels
Set the source buffered image.
Returns the URI of the standard dataset.
datadescriptor ) {
Count the number of bits in this subkey
Two data descriptors are equal if the class fields and the replication field are the same.
Load the header from the input stream.
read the data from the input stream
Get the value of a field.
Get double values of a field given its name. Return null if the field does not exist.
Get the strings by name.
Get boolean values by name for the current field. The return value is an array of booleans
Returns the name of the specified field as a string.
Get the names of all the fields in this record
Main method for running dbasefile from command line
Get the attributes of the received DAP.
Adds a new attribute to the directory.
Removes the specified attribute from the MBean.
Get the group for this dataset.
Returns the container of the current node.
Returns the escaped shortname.
Returns a list of dapnodes on the path from this node to the root. The path
Returns the path of the dap from the current node to the root of the dap tree
Returns the FQN of the current path.
= null ; }
{ }
Returns the list value to which the specified key is mapped or null if the key does not exist
Get the object stored under the given name
Read a data block from a file in GRIB format.
Prints the current state of the dispatcher
{ } }
Writes the given element to a string.
Write the XML element to a file.
Write the given element to the given outputstream.
Write an XML element to a writer
Make a dimension element.
Return a projectionct that is the coordinate system of the area projection
Returns an int array for the specified attribute name.
Create a baseunit with the given name and symbol
duplicate the unit name.
Creates a new base unit database with the units defined by this class.
Obtains an instance of the si class.
return 0 ; }
Find the closest coordinate to a target.
Returns an optional that can be used to build a coveragecoordaxisbuilder for a subset of values
Use this API to open a feature dataset.
This method is deprecated in favor of the openfeaturedataset method.
Annotate a netcdf dataset with the title and id of the dataset
read data from a grib file
Assemble the uri into a single string.
Trims the string and converts it to a canonical form.
normalize the input string
Call this method after you are done adding items to the HTML document.
Returns the object associated with the given key. Returns null if the key does not exist in the
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map previously contained a mapping
Get the date of the month minus one.
Prints the attributes of the given node.
Prints an XML attribute.
Returns true if the attribute is one of the special attributes
Prints the dimension references of a given variable.
Checks if the given file has a valid area file structure.
Sets the attributes of the area to the values in the given variable.
Sets the navblock attributes of the coefficients
Get the calibration type from the name
set the caltype and longname of the image
find the coordinate of the tableconfig
Find the name of the coordinate axis of a particular type in a netcdf dataset
Find the coordinateaxis for a particular axistype in a netcdf dataset
) { return null
Find the dimension of a particular axistype
{ return null
Find the dependent axis of the independent axis
Get the value of a variable in the current row.
Read the marker byte from the datainputstream
{ } }
main This is the entry point to the demo.
Returns the Java string stored in the array.
return a list of parameters of all the RADDs in the classifier
Sets the active stations
Set the currently selected station.
This method redraws the display
read a rectangle from the inputstream
Write the current object to the given object outputstream
Add the specified unit to this repository.
Add the given unit to the datafile
Adds a new symbol to the table. If the given symbol already exists in the table it will
Look up a unit by its identifier.
Add the unit with the given name if it does not exist in the namemap.
add by symbol.
Add the key to the map checking that the new value is not already present
add menu entries to the given jmenu
Find record by Drs position in a file.
{ return false }
nosuch variable exception.
construct a new projection with the same characteristics as this projection
Open a threddsdatafactory for a feature dataset.
Open a threddsdatafactory for a feature dataset.
Opens a netcdf dataset.
Annotate a netcdf dataset with the values from the inverse dataset
add a new subpartition for a variable
Make a gribcollection from the index.
Get a new instance of regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer with a specified dataset name
Use this to get instance of regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer with dataset_path
write this XML Document to a file
Read a H4 structure and set its layout info.
Sets the current picture to the specified image and rotation.
Set the buffered image to be displayed
{ }
Paint the component on the GUI
Modified FTOI without modifying the iftime array.
Convert an array of ints to a string.
Time String from an int array
iyear iday = iyear + 1 - iday
; }
Convert a number of bytes from a slip 4 integer array into the corresponding integer.
Returns the grid packing name from the constant
Returns the correct datatype string for the data type constant
{ } } }
throws IOException { }
Get the tag enumeration given the enumeration code.
Returns the next image in the iteration
return 1 ; }
Returns the sum of all elements in the array.
Set the grid to be a rectangular area with the specified bounds
} }
Clear the grid
Mark the area under the specified rectangle if it has not yet been marked.
Find the intersection of this grid square with the given rectangle.
Find the intersection of the grid cell with the given point.
Find the closest object to a given point.
calculate the distance squared of a point to the nearest centroid
Get or create a baseunit.
Search a fragment and return the corresponding service type
searchpath ( url ) ; }
{ }
check if the file is a DOS service
Sends the data of a variable to the outputstream.
Returns the suffix of the specified fqn.
Returns the prefix of the fully qualified name using the fqn as a prefix
Use deque to queue up filenames so that they can be found in directories.
{ } }
Extract a bytearray from a buffer. The position and the limit will be unchanged.
Returns the structure path of a dap variable.
Returns null if the path is null or empty
Join an array of strings with a separator.
judge whether the path contains a drive letter
{ } }
Converts an index in a dapvariable into a list of slices
Get a list of slices from an offset in a variable.
True if all the slices in the list are contiguous
True if all the slices in the list have the same count
Convert a list of slices to an index object.
Read data from an input stream.
Sets the station information for this object.
Read a featurecollectionconfig from a file in the catalog.
{ }
Finds a variable by name.
Get the axis type of the variable
Gets the stattype from the timerangeindicator.
return a subset of the longitude axis
Returns a list of axis range iterators
Set the default values for all the threadlocal variables.
get session id
Set the maximum number of requests that will be sent in a single request.
Set whether to use sessions.
Method close.
{ } }
track a httpsession for later use
Deprecated. Use setglobalcredentialsprovider instead.
validate a url
Creates a new index of the appropriate class based on the rank of the array.
Compute the number of strides needed to achieve the desired shape
{ }
Reduce rank by selecting the row with the smallest number.
reduce a lower rank index to a higher rank index
Returns a new index that is the transpose of this index.
Returns a new index which is the permuted version of this index. The new index is clone
Returns an indexiterator for the elements in the specified array.
Returns the current element in the iteration.
Sets the current index with the specified array of integers.
Set a dimension value.
Set all the values in row a and b.
; }
Make a daterange representing the specified calendar.
Make list of date and time strings
Make a list of the gempak parameters from a part.
Returns a list of gempakstations or null if there is none.
Returns a list of the names of all the stations.
Returns a list of dates in the format yyyymmdd.
Finds the index of a gempak station with the specified stid.
get file type string.
Increases the indentation by the given number of characters.
Set the indent level.
Create or read a grib index from a single file.
add directory scan.
{ return
first time a file is opened for scanning return true if the scan was successful
Set the debug flags.
Adds a new variable to the file.
This method does the actual writing of the CRF file to a netcdf file. This
{ } }
Returns the string representation of this slice and all of its subslices.
Sets the original variable of this experimental distribution
override reallyread to check for cached data
if any of the substructures need to be converted and the structure members need to be updated
convert an array to arraystructure
Loop through all members of the wrappers member and find any variables not present in the wrappers
Find the first variable enhanced with the original name of the given orgname.
Checks if the given variable has data in the given structure.
Enhance all the features in the dataset.
TDS Resource Control OK
Make an empty sequence.
Makes an arraysequence from the given parameters and values.
Make a sequence from the given gempak resource.
Adds the vertical coordinate attribute to a variable.
Parse the URI string and call the callback with the catalog.
Reads an inv catalog from a XML string.
Read in a single XML document from a stringreader. The input stringreader must contain a valid
write the catalog to the outputstream as XML
get metadata converter by key
use newunitname instead of newunitname because the dimensionlessid is much faster
this = this * that
this = this divide by that = that
Converts the input unit to a derived unit in the output unit.
Return true if the given unit is compatible with this unit.
Write a simple geometry to WKT.
Write a single point to the XML file
Write a line to the XML file
write polygon to XML file
Returns all subnodes of a given parent node.
Pass all reserved characters to the dap.
Get a substring from a variable
convert a xml arraystructure to an arraystructurema
Set the value of a member as an array of values
creates a new arraystructurema from a given structure.
Returns the geometrytype variable with the given name.
Make a station time series feature from the given station data.
Compiles the given AST into the DAP format.
Compile a filter expression.
redefine a dim
Create a view of the array.
return true if rectangle b is contained within rectangle i
extend the bounds of the polygon to include point p
Extends another rectangle.
Intersect this rectangle with another one
OPERATIONS WITH TWO ARRAYS
Check if array a is conformable to array b
Conformable check whether the rank of the two arrays are the same or not
convert an array to a another array
Copies the contents of an array to a given result array. The contents of the array are
Copy the elements of the two arrays into the first array.
Copies all elements from one array to another array.
Get the minimum and maximum values in the array.
Set the value in the array
Make a catalogbuilder from this builder
This method returns the projection implementation or a new one if it is already an instance of projectionimpl
Unescaped a string containing an identifier. Null is returned if the input is null.
return CODESTRING ; }
Unescape url.
Escapes a string for use as a backslash string.
Unescapes a backslash or a backslash.
Split an escaped name into a list of tokens.
Searches for the index of the specified character in the specified name.
backslash to dap string
Returns the value of an atomic scalar.
Create a cursor path of the given cursor
Obtain the UI Default of a property of a UI Class
get jclass from component
Compile the dap to DAP format.
Compile a structure array container.
Compile a structure to a d4cursor.
Compile a sequence array
Method to compile a sequence.
Read a little endian long.
Return the field with the given name.
Returns the value of the named field.
Sets the value of a field.
Adds a field to the form.
Adds a checkbox field to the form.
Adds a date field to the table.
Adds a double field to the class.
Adds a int field to the class.
Adds a password field to the form.
Adds a text field to the constant pool of the class being build. Does not check for duplicates
Add a textcombo field to the table.
Adds a textarea field to the form by using the default or default value.
Add a heading to the current section
Add a new component to the layout at the specified location
Add an empty row to the layout. An empty row is a row that has no data.
Returns the active frame or null if there is none.
Get the cellspacing of the descriptor. This is the number of SI units in the descriptor.
Return the factor of the multivariate normal query.
} }
power of each element in the array
Returns true if the this dimension is reciprocal of the specified dimension.
Returns true if the output dimensionless.
Factory to create an instance of a grib1paramtables reader given the path to the parameter
Create a grib1paramtables for the given element.
add a parameter lookup file to the lookup table list
Add a new parameter table to the lookup.
Returns a unit that raises the given power of the given power.
Convert the input array into the output array of the unitary function.
Initialize unit table.
Make a vertical variable for a given system and number of levels
Peeks a name from a file.
Reads a short from the byte array at the given offset.
This method reads an int from the given buffer.
Grab a float from the input buffer
This method reads a double from the input array.
common code for alias and name resolution
Add a new symbol to the table. Add the symbol to the table if it doesn t exist
Create a new EclipseLink converter from one unit to another
Set the structure data.
Sets the point feature data.
Draw all the shapes in the collection.
Returns an iterator over all the shapes in the shapelist
process the inputstream
Read a number of bytes from an input stream
ask for more data to read
Reads into an array of bytes. This method blocks until some input is available.
Skip the given number of bytes.
Add the dimension to the netcdf file
Finds the index of the coordinate in the list of levels corresponding to the given record.
Confirms that the file is a valid file for reading and writing.
This method will open the file and parse the header information.
throws IOException { }
Read one row of data from an array of bytes.
{ }
return null ; }
Set the map area.
set the map area of the map.
Change the center of the map area to a new lat and lon
) { }
Adds the default actions to the given menu
redraw once every x ms
Set screen size and check if the new bounds are the same.
Set the selected value.
Returns the double value at the specified offset.
Gets the double at the given index.
Reads the object from the given atomic index.
Return the name of the gini_sector corresponding to the given sector number
; }
Find parameter ignore case.
{ }
Gets the timestepsperfile attribute of the InChSubList object
Returns the filename corresponding to the specified time index.
get the filenames
get the path to the DDF file
Get the full path of a file
add chsub to chsubs list
Converts a reference date using the given timeunit.
Read a WMO from a. wmo file
Return bytes from the uncompdata buffer for a given offset and length.
Convert a 12n13n14 struct into a pcode_12n13n14 struct
Conversion of the old format to the new format
checkmsgheader ( ) - checks the header of the file against the header of the file.
pcode_5 : Change the dimensions of the arraylist
pcode_128 : pcode_128_pcode_128
Returns the index of th in the tree rooted at this node.
Get the dualpollevels of the given thermal potential
Add a new variable to the netcdf file
Adds a new parameter to the netcdf file.
create uncompressed data from an inputstream
Convert an unsigned integer to an integer.
Reads an unsigned integer from the input byte array
Convert a byte array to a given datatype.
throws IOException { }
Get the request state from the server.
Sends an error to the client using the specified code and stack trace.
Anchor the rectangle at the given point. The point is in the middle of the rectangle.
Stretch the canvas to contain the given point.
dateonlyformat - parse a date provided as a string
replace the datavars of the given structure with the new datavars
Check that the given memory array size is okay with the given attribute.
Read a two byte integer from the file.
Reads a unsigned integer from the specified file.
Read a random int from a file.
Reads a two byte integer from the file.
Read a 32 bit unsigned integer from the file.
Read a 4 byte float from the file.
Convert an int into a float.
read a 8 - bit integer from the file and return the value as a long
Count the number of bits set in a bitmap.
construct a copy of the projection
Convert this geoip to a string which can be used as a key in Google Maps API
Convert characters to their escaped version when they are not part of a known entity escape set.
Unescapes a backslash or backslash sequence in a string.
Splits a backslash separated string.
use hashmap instead of hashmap directly
get service special part
Returns the number of projected components of this projection
Get the reference time from the epoch.
arraystructurebb factory method
Index all text files in a directory.
Read a grib1record from a protocol buffer.
Checks to see if the global attributes are all mine.
Make the coordinatetransform for the UTM projection
Reacquire an areafile for reading.
Determines if this date is before the input date.
check if the time is before the given date
Determines if this date is after the input date.
Set a value of this item.
add a given coordinatesystem to the list
Sets the units string for the variable.
Get the units of this dimension as a string.
Initialize the object
{ // read }
Process a group of datasets.
readcatsindirectory is called only if the readlimit is exceeded.
Check if a longitude is between two other longitudes
convert latitude to string
convert a double in the range of - 180 to 180 degrees
Compare to another basequantity.
returns the selected dataset from the tree
Sets the dataset to be selected in the tree.
make a treepath from this node to the given one
Open all items
Set the location of the database that is to be displayed.
set the value catalog The name of the catalog.
Look up the alias for the given variable.
Writes a variable - length integer.
Write a portion of a string.
Reads a number of characters into the specified character buffer.
Sets the debug flags.
Add a new member to the group
Removes the specified member from the group.
Get the names of all members.
Find a member by name.
get bitmap from randomaccessfile
Restore the state of this object from the given preferences object.
Returns an iterator over all selected rows in the table.
Returns the index of the model elements that make up the representation of this table.
get a member as an array
Get a scalar as a double
Returns a java array of doubles
Get a scalar as a float
Get java array float
Get the byte value of a scalar field
Get java array byte
Get the integer value of a scalar field
Get java array int.
Get a scalar as a short
Get java array short
Get a scalar as a long
Get java array long.
Get a scalar as a char
Get java array char
do one dataset - if the dataset is useable make sure it is written to file
Use this method to make a new dataset with the same attributes as this datasetnode.
Transfer the metadata from one node to another.
Get threddsmetadata that is inheritable from this one
Add a product to the grid
) { }
print missing data to the given formatter
Find record for a specific ensemble
Dumps the contents of this object to a string.
Returns a string with the long name of the current record.
Subset the continuous axis based on a list of intervals
Compares two byte arrays in length - constant time
{ return null
This method iterates through all nodes in the dataset and removes any that are excessively suppressed
This method adds the coordinate list to the current coordinatecollection
set the value gaussian latitudes at a given number of parallels
Used to parse a variable selector
Make a section specification string from a list of ranges
box9 search in a row x column
Closes this < tt > Interpreter < /tt >.
execute the request and return the status code
) { }
Find a matching variable for an axistype and dimension
Sets the input stream for the block. If the stream is set to null the block will be
read a character from the input stream
void update ( )
Convert a string to a uri.
Exclude specified uriparts from the uri.
nullifies a string. If it is the only length of the string it is changed to null
join a prefix and a suffix without any conversions to canonical form.
Returns true if the dataset should be included in the final result.
copy all the values from one mutable object into another
Get the list of all filenames.
Sets the indexraf.
Get the index filepath in cache.
number of counters in this histogram
Add a single global attribute.
Add a single global attribute.
Removes the attribute with the given name.
Rename a global attribute
Add a variable attribute to the template.
Add a new variable attribute to the list
Delete a variable attribute.
Rename a variable attribute.
; }
Write headers and bounding box to file
Write all the members of the GeometryCollection to the Writer.
Write Station Observations dataset as XML.
Write the stationcollection to a string
Write a DSR string.
Sends a DXR encoded message.
Send an error response back to the client.
Sends a DXR packet and closes the connection.
Flushes this stream to ensure all pending data is sent out to the target stream. This implementation
Returns true if the wanted element is contained within the partition
Returns the i th element of the vector.
Shift the range around the specified origin.
reads a single data record from the file
Reads data from the file into a byte array.
Return a subset of this vector.
Set the values of the parameter using the given floating point values.
Convert an array of ints to a double array
Invoke the getdatasetboundaries operation based on the request Accept header.
exception { } }
Get the datasetsourcestructure for the given name.
Returns the path to a resource located at a specific location.
) { }
pib_present = 1
Finishes the parsing and cleans up the metadata.
transfer the inheritable metadata from parent to public metadata
transfer metadata from another invdataset to this one
transfer inherited metadata from a parent to the target
Sets the contributors
Adds the specified dataset to this model at the specified position.
Remove a dataset from this catalog.
Replace an existing dataset with a new one.
{ } }
Remove a service from the server.
Copies services from the local list into this instance.
Removes the specified local metadata from this dataset.
Get the userproperty value for the given key.
Set this. isvalid to true if the current position matches the input.
Returns a list of the names of all the descriptors of this type.
Constructs the server path of the given HTTP servlet request.
Write the getcapabilities request.
Get the geometry of a feature
) { } }
Processes the http servlet request.
{ }
{ return
The date and time at which the object was last modified.
Return a file to the client.
Return a string to the client using IO.
Set the response content length using the given string. This method is not thread safe.
Get the uri for a given request.
Get the path of the request.
Gets the full request string including the query string.
Get the value of a parameter ignoring case.
Save the current values to the preferences
{ return 0 }
This method will make a nested hashmap.
compute the number of bits set for a given startbit
Append a line to the end of the file.
Make a new stationcollection document from a bounding box
Get the document containing the current set of capabilities
Get the record at the specified position
Get the coordinate of the group at the specified index
add an item to the list
return null ; }
Step forward the number from firstpos to lastpos
read in all child elements and their descriptions and return a map of their numeric values to their
Get featuretype by cdmrf endpoint.
Set the attribute type to a given value.
Return a grib1gds object from the given center.
read data from the inputstream and write to the outputstream.
Read the contents of an inputstream into a string using the specified encoding.
Read contents from a stream to a byte array
Write contents to a outputstream.
Copies a file to an outputstream using a buffer of a specified size.
Copies from a randomaccessfile to an outputstream
copy a directory and its contents
Read contents of a file to a byte array.
Read a text file and return the content as a string.
Write the string to a file.
Write the contents to a file.
Write the contents of the given inputstream to the given file.
{ } }
) { } }
This method is called when a bad url is encountered.
get the catalog of the server
Print the catalog.
print the status of the server to the given printwriter
print the bad url page
Get the reference date for this time.
Read the variable length data from the file and store it in a data storage
Read a collection of NCML content.
Open a ncml document and return a ncmlcollectionreader object
Checks if a string contains a sequence of allowed characters.
Remove invalid UTF8 characters from a hash.
filter a string with only letters and digits
Filter 7 - bit characters from the input string
Make a CCM object name from a valid CCM object name.
Returns the number of times s1 and s2 match.
Pads the string at the left with the given string. If the string is longer than the
Returns a new string of a given length such that the end of the string is padded.
Removes all occurrences of a string from another string.
Remove a character from a string.
Remove a character from the end of a string
Collapses all whitespace characters in a string.
replace a char in a string
) { return x
Replaces all occurrences of the given pattern in the string with the given value.
Replaces all occurrences of match in original with subst.
match is an array of strings to be substituted with match
Removes all occurrences of out from sb.
replace a char in a string
replacement for a string in a stringbuilder
Searches the string builder for the specified string performing a replacement if it is found in the string
Returns a copy of the string with all leading and trailing chars removed.
Process the collection update event.
return localstate ; }
{ }
Get the list of all datasets from the file.
Release all resources held by this object. This method should be called when the object is no longer
copy a structuredata to a new structuredatadeep
return null ; } } }
create a copy of the structure in the arraystructure
Copies a structuredata to an arraybb object.
Copies a structuredata to an arraystructurebb.
the size of the forecast time interval in hours
Create a section of this coordinate system from a range.
{ return tc ;
{ }
Synchronise read configuration from file.
Returns a subsection of the array of baselatitudes of the given type
; }
Converts a byte array into a float value using the swapping function.
; }
) { }
Adds a parameter to a coordinate transformation.
Find the common parent of two groups.
Returns true if the given group is a parent of this group.
Set the parent group of this logical unit.
Add a new dimension to the group
Add a new dimension to the group if the dimension does not already exist.
Adds a new group to this group.
Adds an enumeration to this group.
Adds the given variable to the set if it is not already present.
Removes the dimension with the given name.
Make a relative group to a given absolute path.
convert dds alias fields to das alias fields
print das to printstream
Get the basetype of a variable.
Write a regular grid to the file.
Replace all missing values by a new value
Replaces all the missing values by a scaled version of the data.
Get the starting x coordinate of a geoshift in a double array.
Write a regular grid to the file.
Write the message to the httpservletresponse.
Create a top index file for a featurecollectionconfig object.
Determine the type of gribcollection contained in a gribcollection
method to update the grib collection with the featurecollectionconfig object
recursive method to update leafcollections
open gribcollection from datafile
Create a gribcollectionimmutable from a datafile.
Check if a url match a pattern.
Adds a new triple to the static store. If the store already contains a triple that has the
Find the value associated with a key.
If the dataset is well known then do nothing. Otherwise do nothing.
Insert a triple into the store.
Returns the local datasets for this record. The returned list is an empty list if there are
Find dataset by name.
Set the projection implementation for this object
Return an uninitialized iterator over the shapes in the given graphics2d and the given affinetransform
make a list of shapes from a list of features
Compares to a given string.
Use this method to start the monitor of a new progressmonitortask.
returns true if a file needs to be updated
Normalize a list of Euclidean coordinates so that the sum of all Euclidean
Set the value of an element of the ndarray
Get the element at the given index as a structuredata object
Copies all substructures to result
Get scalar object for a given record number
Can be cast to double or float
Converts a scalar value into its int equivalent
Get a scalar float from a given record
get a byte from a scalar record
Get a scalar value from a reciprocal attribute
Get a char from a given record
Get string for a scalar column.
Get an arraystructure from a recnum and a member
Get the arraysequence for the given recnum
Get an array object from a recnum. The type of the member must be arrayobject.
If the given value is less than or equal to the given minimum and greater than the given maximum
Evaluates the specified east expression.
Returns a string representing the constraints in this rule.
Returns true if the given dap node is referenced in this dap
Decides whether a DAP variable matches a given request.
Count the number of expansions in a struct
Computes the enumerations for all enums in this dap.
}
{ return null }
return true ; }
Make actions system.
Returns the byte order for the given KMachn.
Sets the byte order of this system.
Finds the key with the specified name.
Find the fileheader with the specified name
get the header of a real file
print all the parts in the body
Get the pointer to the data of the given part.
Returns the value of the specified local variable from the stream at the specified position.
read a string from the file
Derivative of Kruskal skein
Returns the string representation of the given bit depth.
A method to write a netcdf file to a writable byte channel
Parse a base type of an element.
; } }
Responsible for handling aliases.
Recursively decode a list of key descriptors
Builds a replication tree for the given list of keys
Get the dataset filename from the dataset
Return the type of the feature as a string
Returns true if a and b are nearly equal up to a given tolerance.
Returns true if the given dap node refers to a dimension enumeration or a dataset.
Parse a single unit from the given string.
Returns true if the given variable is tiled.
make the best guess for the best guess for complete coordinate
convert latlonrect to projectionrect
show all time series in the dialog
Creates a map of the attributes in the given list. Note that the list may be null if
Return the stringified value of the column.
Get the numeric value at a given index.
) { } }
Sets the value of a string.
Set the values of the array
Throws an exception if the current state is not num_ or str_.
generate proxy dataset resolver catalog.
Schedule a message for writing.
set threddsdatatype in threddsclient
Jump to thredds data type.
Make sure the OS is Mac OS X or Windows.
; }
Create a string representation of a list of coordinateaxes
return the lesser of the two coordinateaxis that has the same rank
Find the axis of a given type.
Get the projectionct in the chain
True if the projection is a geoxy.
True if the subunit is congruent.
True if subset is a subset of set
check if this contains any coordinateaxis in the given list
True if this dataset contains a coordinate axis with the given name
Returns true if this partition contains all dimensions in wantdimensions
Returns true if this object contains the specified axis types.
Check if this list contains an axis of a certain type.
Returns a deep copy of the dapnode.
Returns the selected bean
Return a list of the selected beans from the table
Returns an arraylist of the selected cells in the table.
Sets the given bean to be the selected row. Makes sure the given row is visible.
Restore the state of this object from the store.
Creates a new unknownunit or returns an existing one.
Overridden to also close the underlying HTTP method.
Check if the given variable is extra.
Checks if the given variable is a coordinate.
Find the coordinate axis with the given name in the given table
Recursively add all data variables contained in a table to the list
Adds a parent join to the current query if one exists.
Creates a station feature object from a structuredata object
throws IOException { }
Creates a new instance of a simpleunit.
create a simpleunit instance for the given name
check whether two unit strings are compatible
True if the given unit is a dateunit
Check whether the given unit string represents a time unit.
Returns the conversion factor between the input and output units.
Convert a value to another unit.
Return true if this unit is of unknown unit.
Gets the current value of this unit.
newrelopclause ( operator lhs list rhs )
Adds a new clause to a bool function.
newbtfunctionclause - returns a subclause representing the function named functionname with a list
Make a grayscale image from the given image array
crawl the catalog to find references to all datasets
Crawl a dataset.
Crawl direct datasets.
Returns a file from the file system or null if the file is not cached.
Get a file from the diskcache or cache it.
Enable or disable the debugging of the JVM. This is useful for debugging the JVM.
Returns a list of all files known to the JVM.
Close the reader. This will release the buffer that was previously obtained.
Repositions the stream to a specific position
Flush the buffer to the file if it has been modified.
; }
Read an array of shorts
Reads an int from the given position in the internal buffer.
Read an array of ints
Read an array of longs
Read an array of floats
Read an array of doubles
Read a string of a certain length from the stream
Reads a string of a maximum length and returns it. This method does not block.
Write an array of booleans
Write an array of shorts
Write an array of characters
Write an array of ints
Write an array of longs
Write an array of floats
Write an array of doubles
Write a string as a number of bytes.
Writes an array of bytes to the destination stream.
Search forward from the current position to the end of the file.
Append a query from a list of values
Creates a new mcollection from a featurecollectionconfig object.
Find an existing index.
check if current node is leaf or directory
Returns a list of child directoriesbuilders if they have not been constructed yet.
This method scans the directory for subdirectories and adds them to the children collection.
Use the given indexreader to read the files whose names are in the current index.
Gets the gridsets.
Acquire a file from the cache.
remove the specified file from the list of files
This method is not thread safe and should only be called from the CDI framework
This method is called when a filecache is no longer used by the system.
{ } }
update shadow cache with element and its previous value
delete all cache files
Make the transformation vertical.
True if the input is a global longitude position.
check whether the z - axis is positive
Find the indices of the x and y coordinates in the grid corresponding to the x and y coordinates
Find the X and Y index of the element corresponding to x_coord and y_coord in
Performs a projection of the dataset on the basis of the given lat and lon values and finds
This method is more efficient than findxyindexfromcoordbounded
Return the index of the item in the row
Calculate the number of items to display for the arrow.
Iterate over all files in the collection.
get remote files
Get subcenter name.
Parse a string with a unit and return the corresponding calendarperiod.
Returns a calendarperiod instance for the specified value and calendar field. The returned instance is cached.
Parse a string and return a calendarperiod.
Subtract a number from the start date to the end date.
Get the conversion factor from the given calendarperiod
getvalueinmillisecs Returns the value in millisecs
Get the offset in seconds between two dates.
Synchronize the read index with the read index if the read index is smaller than the current file
Initialize the tables.
add a new datarootext into the hashmap
Find longest matching path.
Find dataroot corresponding to reqpath.
Convert to dataroot.
getcalendardaterange This returns null if the specified calendar is the default calendar for this time picker
Reindexes a list of coordinates.
Creates a new NetCDFFileWriter object.
Create a new group with the given name and parent.
Adds an enum typedef to a specified group.
Delete an attribute from a group.
Rename a group attribute.
Add a record structure to a record.
Aborts the write operation and closes the socket.
Write the properties of the current object to the given printwriter.
Extract threddsmetadata from a thredds dataset
This method can be overridden to customize division taking into account offset units.
Convert to a derived unit.
Converts a derived unit to a base unit.
convert a top level variable to a DAP array
convert a top level variable to a DAP array
{ return null }
Close all open databases.
Open database.
Convert an integer value to a period using the unit as a string.
return ; } }
Returns the string at the specified index.
creates a catalog for a directory
make proxydsresolvercatalog ( path ) return null ;
Get the datatype of the outermost coordinate.
Create a grib2pds object based on the template.
Calculating the time of the year month day hour minute and second.
Apply scaling factor.
Parse a local concept from a file and add it to the model.
Read a concept from an input stream and add it to the global concept list.
Cleans a line and replaces all occurences of a string with a string.
Store a single concept
write grib1 tables
write lookup table file.
Show local concepts of each table.
Entry point for the example application.
Get the datasetsourcetype by name.
{ }
full expand the dataset and get the parent catalog
name all the datasets in the datasetcontainer
{ }
{ }
load picture from url with rotation
Provide a way to stop loading a picture which does not have an image yet.
sourcestatuschange Method.
Notifies all the listeners about the progress of the source loading in the picture.
create scaled picture in thread
Returns the size of the scaled image.
Get scaled size string.
Returns a list of merged part of the input string
Make the gempakstation header.
Use a binary search over the word list to find all the words that are the same as the
check if the group is a valid one
Set rootdirectory.
make root directory
Get a file from the cache.
cleancache removes all files older than the specified cutoff time from the cache
clean cache with maxbytes
Check if a short is bufrtable i. e. whether it is the correct size
Create a coordinateaxis based on the rank of the variable
Create a copy of this coordinateaxis that is a clone of the current one. This is useful
Tests whether the column is numeric.
The getinfo method will print the axis name dimensions units and description
Gets the calendar from the attribute.
Sets the row list.
Returns the currently selected row or null if there is no currently selected row.
Increment or decrement selected rows in the table.
Returns an array of model indices for all columns in the table.
Set the selected index as the current index of the slider
Sort an array using quicksort
Swaps an array of strings.
get existing file mfileos object
Rotate lonlat by angle s
Creates a new xmlstore by reading the file defined in the filename
creates a xmlstore from two inputstreams
. IOException ; }
= CODESTRING ;
Saves the preferences for the current user
Save the derived class to the outputstream.
write an atomic variable to a serial writer.
this method writes a structure to a serial writer
write a structure in the format of P1.
read the sequence data and write it out
Write a single record.
check if a file is a valid file by searching forward
Returns the random string from the random generator.
Read a single row from the data input stream.
Access a character character numeric or logical value.
grib2drs. type0 = 1 ;
Reads the data of type 0 from the file and returns the data as an array of float
This method is used to write a. cfg file from a given location.
Estimates the grid file size by making or testing a makeortestsize call.
makefile from a list of gridspecs
Ucar. unidata. geoloc. station
Set the selected station of a station
Pick a station from a point.
Pick closest station to a given point
Gets the value of the selected station.
Get project name of a given type
Gets a list of all stations in the given bounding box.
Returns the station with the given name.
Get a dataiterator for a given station.
Returns an iterator that can be used to iterate over a station.
read data from a file and populate an iterator with the indexes.
Compute the dot product of this vector and another vector.
The L2 norm of this vector
Normalize each element in the matrix by dividing its length with the length of the matrix.
recursively add all services and datasets in the datasetbuilder
Get a parameter by its identifier.
Get the parameter with the given id.
Adds a new name to the storage.
Add a new symbol to the table. Do not overwrite existing symbol.
Get a prefix from a set of prefixes.
check email is ok
Get the value of a double parameter.
Calculates the CRC of the HDU
True if the image is thin
Returns the index of the field with the specified name.
get timetypename by timerangeindicator
Returns the string representation of the time coordinate.
set the next polygon
set the prev polygon of this polygon
Find the property with the specified name.
Set the current projection impl on the screen
Return a subset of the data that falls within the specified time interval.
Register a NetCDF file provider with the class specified by classname.
Registers a new IOProvider for the specified class.
Check if an ioserviceprovider is registered
Deregister an IOSP class.
Check if a file can be opened for reading.
Open a netcdf file from a byte array
Open a netcdf file with the given name and binary data.
Opens a netcdf file in memory
Open in memory netcdf file for the given URI
Find the global attribute ignore case for this attribute.
Write the netcdf object to a string.
Write CDL to the outputstream.
Write the CDL to a printwriter.
Writes the CDL to the given formatter.
Adds an attribute to a parent group.
Adds an attribute to the given parent.
add a new subgroup to a parent group
Adds a new dimension to a parent group.
Remove a dimension from a group
Adds a new variable to a given group or null if the group is null.
Adds a new variable to a group.
Adds a string variable to a group and returns it.
Remove a variable from a group.
addrecordstructure or removerecordstructure calls the appropriate method for a message type
Make record structure.
Finishes the transformation and returns the transformation to the previous state.
Read a variable section.
java. io.
Read a list of arrays
Read a list of values from the stream
Make the fullname of a cdmnode.
Make the full name of the file with string format
Returns true if the file should be included in the comparison.
Returns true if the file should be excluded based on any configured exclude filters.
And filter out the file if all filters accept it
Append a new value to the current attribute.
checks a value for a given attribute type
This method is used to force a new value to be assigned to the attribute of a tag.
return true ; }
Checks whether the given string is a valid short.
} }
; }
} }
} }
Get the datatype for an attribute
Should the dataset be viewed by the user?
Checks whether the given string is a valid boolean string.
Checks whether the specified string contains only alphanumeric characters
Check if the alphanumeric string is valid and constrained
Descend only the file path.
Convert a unicode codepoint to a percent encoded hexadecimal string.
get a param from executed request
compare two griddefrecord
Process the inputstream until a buffer is available.
process the buffer and return the number of bytes processed.
Remove quotes from the start and end of the string.
; }
Write a dataset as a NetCDF file.
Get a value from the threddsconfig or the alternate key
Writes the CDL.
{ } }
Validate the input.
get the azimuth in degree
Returns the elevation of the message in degrees
Returns the latitudes of the subraster
Returns the longitudes of the subunit as an array of floats.
Get the altitudes of all the rays in the image
Get the azimuths of all the rays in the image
Get the elevations of all the rays
Returns a subset of this structure that contains only the members with the given names.
Returns the subset of the structure for the given variable name.
add a new member variable to this structure.
Sets the list of member variables for this set.
Sets the parent group of this variable.
Calculates the size of the elements of this solution
readstructure ( ) - retrieve a structure data from the input stream.
read a structure from the netcdf file
Look up a data category by number.
Returns the class name.
Add a parameter to the attribute.
Get the table header string.
2D or 3D projection of the bounding box
Returns the version number of the specified compatibility name or - num_ if it is not present.
Returns the positive value of the Z axis based on the positive value of the coordinate unit
Convert the colorscale parameters into a georeferencedarray
Render the plot view of the data
returns true if this group is a child of the given group
Get the messagetype by name
) { }
set the api key and secret for the coinbase connection.
Creates a label of the specified value.
Create a label that consists of the given lines prepending the string separator to each line.
Creates a html label.
{ } }
Convert a cloudsqliptypes string to a list of IP types.
Connect to a MySQL server using the specified host and port.
remove a logger from the logger map if it exists
Compiles the given source code and returns the compiled class.
Add a source to the compiler.
{ }
Returns the next gifframe in the internal buffer or null if none available
list of all persons in the repository
initlistevents ( ) ; }
Get person by id.
Adds the given messages to the validator.
User s ID of the person.
Creates a viewmodel.
Load countries from the ISO 3166. xml file.
Creates a new viewstep instance for the given javaview class.
creates a new fxmlviewstep instance of a given viewtype.
Clear the map of listeners and observables.
{ } ) ; { } ) ; }
Acquires access to a member. If the member is not currently accessible the callable is called
Load an fxml view tuple.
query for a stylemappingrow
Get the pixel value of a PNG image.
Get the values of the pixels in the image.
Validate that the image is an image and has the right format
Create an image object
Set the tile data from a bitmap
Run rawquery on the database and return the cursor.
Send the query to the database and return the cursor for that query.
Perform the query from a previous result
Execute a query based on the passed in query.
Converts the given cursor to a result and adds the query and table to the tresult
Get the feature row for the given geometry index
) { }
Retrieves the tile row at the specified location
Get the coverage data from the tiledao
Get the coverage data for a tiledao object
Get the coverage data for a given tiledao and request projection
) { }
Zoom the data in or out of the bounding box with the request projected bounding box and tile
Get the coverage data for a zoomin.
Get the coverage data for a zoomout tile.
Get the coverage data tile matrix
Get the coverage data value at the x y location
Set the icon for the geometry type
Get the icon for the geometry type
Open or get bindings db.
convert a byte array to a bitmap
Compress the bitmap to the specified format and quality.
Create a new record in the database
delete the table with the given geopackageid and tablename
Get or create a table metadata object
Get the geopackage id for the provided geopackage
Create tablemetadata object from the cursor
Create the extension if needed
get feature row from custom cursor
execute raw query on the database
Query for rows within the bounding box in the provided projection
Query for rows within the geometry envelope
Counts the number of elements in the given envelope.
Query the user custom cursor within the given bounds
build the where clause of the query
Query for features within the boundingbox in the provided projection
Count the number of features inside the boundingbox in the provided projection
Query for feature results within the envelope
Queries the database for features within the given bounds.
Count the number of items within the bounds
Set the data in the object from a bitmap.
Set the image data from a bitmap.
Set the preferred bitmap compression configuration.
return the number of tiles in the map
{ }
{ }
{ } }
Bounds ) { }
Get the boundingbox of a tile at a given zoomlevel
Get the tile grid for the given zoomlevel
Query for a tile row from the tile table
query for tiledescending order by zoomlevel
Get the closest zoomlevel to a given length
Get the approximate zoom level for the given length in the whole image
Query for a tilegrid by zoomlevel
Delete the tile at the given zoomlevel and column
Count the number of tiles at the zoomlevel
; }
Gets the value of a pixel from an image.
Get the pixel values of the image as a float array
Check that the directory has the right format for the image
Create a coveragedatatiffimage.
Set the pixel value from a coverage data image.
Get the geopackage from the cache or open it
Returns the current row from the table as a trow
; } }
query - by baseid
Delete records with given base id and geometry type
Get a rectangle with the given bounds.
Get a rectangle with rounded floating point boundaries using the bounding box and section of the rectangle.
Finds any databases that do not exist in the provided list and removes them from the file
Create a geopackage connection and close it
Check if the database exists and is a valid database.
Validate database and close on error.
Validate a database and close it.
Validate a database.
Check if the database header is valid or not
Is database header valid.
Add all non - temporary internal databases
{ }
Import the geopackage
Get the geopackage metadata for a database
Get the geopackagemetadata at a specified external path
Create a new geometry in the database
Populate a geometrymetadata object with the values from the envelope
Delete geometries by geopackage id
Creates a new geometry or updates an existing one.
return true ; } Update the geometry metadata
Query for number of rows in a geopackage
Create a geometrymetadata object from a database cursor
Update all rows matching the where clause with the provided values
; } }
Finds a list of rows that match the given ids
Integrity check for the string in current position
Get usermappingdao by table name
Get a simpleattributesdao object from the database
Get the list of mapping IDs for a base
Get the list of mapping IDs for the specified relation and related id.
hasmapping checks to see if the baseid and relatedid exists
count the number of rows in the cursor
Register a cursorwrapper for a geopackage
Get a new instance of usercustomdao by reading a table
Get the tile from the request bounding box.
) { } }
Reproject the given tile to the requested projection.
Retrieve the tile results of the projection
Calculate the maximum number of pixels that can be drawn using the current density of the system.
Set the density of the paint.
Sets the paint of the line.
Sets the paint to use for the polygon.
Draw a tile as a byte array
Draw a tile at a particular zoom level
) { }
) { }
{ } }
) { }
{ } }
Draw a bitmap of all tiles that intersect the specified x, y and zoom level.
Simplifies a list of points.
Get the paint for the point feature style
Get the paint for the line.
Get the paint for a polygon style
Paint the polygon fill color if any
Get the style paint from a featurestyle
Get the style paint from cache or create a new one
Get the paint for a style row
Get the paint for a specific style id.
Put the bitmap for the iconrow id in the cache
Wrap a contentvalues in double quotes
Create a bitmap from the layered bitmap
Recycle the underlying bitmaps. Should be called when the object is no longer needed.
Get the bitmap for the layer index
Get the canvas for the layer index
Create the bitmap and canvas for the layer index
Get the style mapping dao for the feature table or null if not found.
Get styledao object from the styletable
Get the icondao
Get the style and icons for a feature table
Get the style of a feature table
Get the style of a feature table
Get the icons for the feature table.
Get the icon for the feature table and geometry type
Get the featurestyles for a feature row
Get the style and icon for a feature
Get the style of a feature row
Get the icons for a feature row.
Get the style information for the feature id using the style mapping data
Get the icon data for a feature id and style mapping
Set the styles and icons for a feature table
Set the styles for a feature table.
Set the icons for a feature table.
Sets the feature styles for a feature row.
Set the style and icon for a feature table
Set the styles for a feature row.
Set the styles for the feature table and feature id
Set the style for a feature row
Set the default style for a feature row.
Set the default style for a feature table.
Set the icons for a feature row.
Set the icons for a feature table.
Set the icon for a feature row.
Set the default icon for a feature row.
Set the default icon for a feature table.
Get or insert a style into the styledao.
Get or insert a new icon into the database
Insert a new style mapping row to the given mapping dao.
Delete the feature table style from the feature table
Delete the feature table icon
Delete all mappings for a feature table
Delete the mapping for a feature table
Delete the mapping of the feature id and geometry type from the mappingdao
Get all styleids of a feature table
Get a list of all table icon ids for the given feature table
Get all styleids of a feature table
Get all icon ids related to the feature table
Get image bytes from either the input stream or the image.
Close the output stream
Read the pixel at the specified location
Read the image pixels from the image data stream. The data stream is not closed.
draw a feature row to the featuretilecanvas object.
Draw a line path.
Draw a polygon path.
Add a linestring to the current path.
Add a polygon to the model
Retrieves the feature cache for the given table creating a new cache if necessary
Remove a featurerow from this table
Clear and resize all the feature caches
style returned from gettablestyles
Get the icons for the cached table feature styles if any. If not cached gets the icons
Get tabledao implementation for the feature table
Set the width of the line as a double.
Set the height of the line as a double.
Get the width and height of the derived dimensions from the data. If the data is not available
Calculate the tile density from the density value.
Read a blob value from the database
Open a table for reading.
Returns the color of the symbol or a default color if the symbol was not specified.
Validate the color
Creates a color with the given hex and opacity.
Get a geopackage manager with a given context.
Set the progress for indexing and indexing.
Find the most similar feature index for a list of types.
Determine whether the feature row belongs to any of the given types.
Delete all feature indexes for the given types
Delete features based on a list of types.
Delete all feature indices for the given geometry id and the list of index types
Delete the index for the feature geometry
Returns true if the location is indexed.
Get the feature types that have been indexed.
Query for all the feature index results
Returns the number of elements in the index.
Get the boundingbox of the indexed feature table
Query for feature index results in the given bounding box and projection
Get the type of the indexed feature.
Get a file object from the internal storage.
Get internal file path.
Get the spatial type of the scene
Set the geometry type
Checks if there is a boundingbox for the url.
Replace x y and z in the url
Check if url has xyz data.
Replace the boundingbox of a url with a new one
Replace the boundingbox value in the tile URL
Get the geopackage geometry
Indexes a feature row.
Update the last indexed time for the geopackage
Delete index.
Delete the index for the given geometry id
Returns true if the feature is indexed
Query the feature table
Query for feature results within the bounding box.
Count the number of features within the bounding box.
Query for geometries within a given envelope
Count the number of features within the provided envelope.
Queries for rows within the bounding box in the given projection
Query for feature result count within the boundingbox in the provided projection
Transform the boundingbox in the feature projection
Get the geometrymetadata object associated with the given cursor
Get a feature row from a single cursor.
Get the feature row for the given geometry metadata
Get the tiledao objects for the feature table
Get the list of feature daos for the tile table
Get the boundingbox for the feature tiles in the provided projection
query by ids
Get the list of unique base IDs for this user
Get the list of unique ids related to this usermapping table
Delete records with given base id from the database
Delete by related id
Delete by ids.
Build the where clause for the ids
Create a new record in the database
Delete geopackage data from a database
Rename a metadata.
Rename a geopackage
Get all geopackagemetadata from db
Get the geopackagemetadata from the specified database
Get the geopackagemetadata by id
Get or create a geopackagemetadata object
Returns true if the database is external.
Get external geopackagemetadata at a given absolute path
Get metadata where name like the given string.
Get metadata where the column is not like the given likeable string
Get the metadata where the column name LIKE the given like parameter
Create a geopackagemetadata object from a cursor
This method is not thread safe and should only be called from the UI thread
return ; } }
{ return null }
) { } }
Append the logging event to the buffer.
Attempts to find the config file from the system properties. If the config file cannot be found
Get a resource from the class loader
Automatically configure the logging environment based on the properties set by the user.
This method is called when a resource is found via a classpath search.
Returns the string representation of the given socketaddress.
new executorservice.
Advance the list of converters until a non - null converter is found.
} }
Adds a key value substitution property to the request.
Get a property from the context or from the context.
Returns a converter for a given AST node.
not null ; return literal ;
Convert to a regex string for a fixed date
) { }
Finish the parsing of an eventevaluator definition.
Initialization method. It is called by the invocation handler each time a method is invoked.
dynamicalcontextselector - creates an instance of the contextselector class and initializes it
{ }
Get the absolute path of the external storage directory
Gets the database directory path.
return filename ;
This method returns true if the specified event should be logged.
{ }
Updates the bit mask if necessary.
Return the decision of the filter chain for the given event.
Returns an array of keymanagers or null if the keystore could not be created.
Create a new trust manager using the keystore provided.
system properties may be prefixed with id_ or prefixed with id_ or suffixed with
Gets the location from the system property with the given name. If the location does not start with
Returns the URL for the given location.
This method checks if any of the converters in the chain handle throwable handling.
Stop the current context
print in case of errors or warnings
print if any errors were occured
Print the status of the context.
Get an entry from either the livemap or lingerersmap.
Put the key to the end of the livemap.
Returns the minimal or maximum number of digits in the given string.
Rename a file by creating the target file if necessary.
Returns true if the volumes are on different volumes than on the rollover.
Get an environment variable using the system properties as a reference.
get android system property
Sets the map of MDC property name to URI property name.
For all the keys of the given map return a string representation of the key set.
extract from a throwable with a given fqnofinvokingclass and maxdepth.
Checks if the current class is in the list of framework packages
} }
Add a statuslistener to the set.
Returns the implicit action for the given element.
Get the list of applicable actions for the given element path.
sets the classloader for this class
Get the string value for the given key. If the key does not exist in the system properties
Decapitalizes a string with the specified name.
Returns an array of methoddescriptors for all public methods of the specified class.
Returns a list of property descriptors for the given class.
Invoked before data is written to the stream.
Utility method to add an instance of onconsolestatuslistener to the context.
The end of a tag. This is the end of the tag.
Get the discriminator value for the logging event
Decreases the discard policy of the specified event.
This method is called when the beginning of an process is encountered.
Add a shutdown hook.
Guaranteed to never throw an exception } if enabledprotocols is null then return defaultprotocol
ciphersuites are always enabled. If no ciphersuites are configured the default is used.
Retains matching values for the included and excluded strings and returns the resulting array.
convert a string to a scope
Sets the properties of an interpretation context.
Add an appender to the end of the list of appenders. The new appender will
detach appender to this appender list
Remove the appender with the given name.
) { }
This method is used to call all of the appenders that are registered for the event.
Detach the specified appender from this appender.
create child logger by lastnamepart.
Method to call the turbofilter chain decision using the loggercontext
implements org. slf4j. event. loggingevent
Returns the socket to be used by the call to socketcall. If the socket cannot be created
Create missing parent directories of the given file.
Gets the integer value of the current level.
Converts an int value into a level
{ return null ;
Get the URL of the resource on the classloader
get the class loader of the given object
Lazily get the classloader for the given class if the caller has permission to access it.
Returns the classloader of the given class.
Called before the delegate will run.
return null ;
The beginning of an element.
Returns the index within a separator of the given name starting at the given index
This function returns true if the given logging event has a marker that is in the list of markers
Returns the client thread name.
Verifies that the files are on the same filestore.
Append an event to the buffer.
) { }
Adds a new MDC value level pair to the errors list if the value is already present in
Creates a converter for a simple keyword.
Create a composite converter for the given composite node
Determine the compression mode.
Use the given URL as the base for the inputstream.
Use the given file as a source for the configuration of the class.
Use the given inputstream as the source of the problem. Close the inputstream when done.
Build the interpreter
Actual configuration of the resource adapter.
( ) ; }
Get a property from the context.
Sets the name of the node.
whether the context has at least one statuslistener present
Gets the time of the last reset call
This method gets called at the beginning of the scanning process. This method parses the source
Get the effective map of the available converters. This map is used to store the effective converter
Get the file header
Get the file footer
{ // } }
This method is called when the end of the attribute is found.
Creates a copy of the clients list.
Adds a client to the manager.
Remove a client from the registry.
Returns a copy of the current thread s context map or null if the copy is not thread local
Gets the value of method.
get turbofilterchaindecision filterreply.
True if this is a android operating system
Initialise the logging system
Returns the files in the given directory that match the given stem regex.
This method prints status list of all status objects found in the current context
Get database file.
clear expired logs from sqlite database
Check whether the last cleanuptime has expired
append logging events to sqlite insertstatement
Append a logging event at the end of the subappended logging event table.
bind logging event to sqlite statement.
Returns a string truncated to 254 characters
Compute a reference mask that when applied to an iLoggingEvent.
Merge property map logging events.
Insert an exception into the database.
Returns the number of times the prefixmatch p is matched.
Returns the effective level for the current status.
Returns true if the class is an interface and if the method is instantiated without using the constructor
Return the child value with the correct type from the parent.
Process an include from a URL.
Opens the URL as a stream.
Trim head and tail of the saxevent list.
should start the server
Returns true if the exception is transient.
Set the hosts based on the default hosts. Shuffles the hosts for a while.
Creates a new localindex if necessary.
instruct the data selection engine to sync the local database with the remote
Synchronizes the database with the database if necessary.
wait for a task to finish by polling the server
Asynchronously lists all offline indexes from the data directory.
reads the data from the inputstream into a chararray and returns it.
inputstream to bytearray
Consume data from the inputstream and errorstream without closing the connection.
Filter out hosts that are either up or could be tried.
Set type of places to query.
Start the indexing process.
Add an item to the cache.
Get a value from the cache. If the value is expired it is removed from the cache and
Wait for all threads to complete computation.
report a throwable to the logger
Copies all files from src to target.
return ; }
Returns the value of a static field.
Get a method by name
Formats a percentage value. Leading zeroes are not printed.
Formats a double to a given length.
Formats a long to a given length.
JSON string.
Encode an integer using JSON string
json double.
Reads a JSON numeric char array from the stream.
Read an integer from the input stream
json double.
Read a base 64 encoded JSON string
This method is called by the executor to execute a method call against the server.
Invoke a method request.
Enqueue a methodcall.
Retrieves a resource from the default workspace.
Called when the display is displayed to update the decorator.
Refresh the repository view
Get the resource history view of the default workbench window.
Uses the default editor with the given name and contents.
Notifies the user of a problem with the authentication.
Prompt the user to authenticate to a particular server.
Create the default page that will be placed at the top of the main page.
start thread animation
Sets the keepallalive state of the response
Permits to define the isomit setting on the underlying DAV file. This setting can
Set the owner of this element.
Adds a new factor to the set of conditionfactors
Creates a new conditionterm by parsing the stream tokenizer.
Returns true if the given condition term matches this condition expression.
Get the content of the DSL config for the specified rule source
Read the config from the DSL configuration file.
read the configuration from an inputstream
Get the menu for the wizards.
Add a response to the current node.
Adds a hyperlink to the node.
Insert a link in the list of links before another link.
Remove the href attribute from the element.
Use this to add propstat.
Returns the href of the current link.
Returns the status of the current element. If the status attribute is not present returns the value of
Returns the stackframe for the given value.
Returns true if the first class is a subclass of the second class.
Check whether the given collection contains the given proposal.
reset the inputstream discarding any buffered data.
add operation action to the textfield
Adds the given connection to the model. If the given connection is already connected to this model it
Returns the string value of the specified property.
Removes a connection from the network. This method is called internally by the connection manager and is not
Sets the new location of the poi.
Sets the value of a property.
Set the size of the object.
Dumps the given constraints.
add a new lock entry
Adds a new child to the triangle.
Removes a child from the network
Called when the context is first created.
This method is called when the plug - in is stopped
Get the string from the resource bundle or key if not found.
Gets the resourcebundle.
Get the formcolors for the rule builders
Sets the date format to the given string.
Change the datetime field from a date string using the specified pattern. The default format is yyyyMM
Create an istatus with ERROR level.
The default version of logerror
addfield ( ) - add a field to the fieldlist
Adjust gridlayout to match the number of columns for the fields
apply font to text
Calculate number of columns in the form
Initialize the field editors.
Fires a property change event to all registered listeners
Sets the active editor to the editor part that is a drlruleeditor2.
Contribute to the Toolbar.
Determines the dialect based on the backtext provided.
Create a new context from the usercontext and locator. The locator is used as the label.
Save the current file
{ }
Overwrites the value for the given url.
Puts an object into the cache.
add a token to the new node
Add a child node
Set the file to be read.
{ }
Adds a new condition to the list of conditions.
Returns true if this condition matches the given condition. Equivalent to part of the Java Virtual Machine
Get the property.
Returns the status of the current element. If the current element does not have a status child this
Set this element as a property of another.
Returns the last line from a given string
Get the last non dashed line from a given string
Bind the given service id with the given binding.
Bind two values to an ID
Bind the given id to the given bindings
throws IOException { }
Create process sample junit.
Get kie runtime id.
Visit a rete and all its entrypointnodes.
Implementation of the actual recursive visit methods.
Calculates the dotid of the given object.
add a remove node
add the property s set value
Create a new locator for the given resourceurl and label
use getpresentationreconciler instead
Returns whether or not the specified object is equivalent to this one.
}
Creates a condition factor from a streamtokenizer.
add other pages to the editor
Sends a DELETE request to kerberos
http post method
get the status of a job
Execute the operation and collect the results.
Handle pull results event.
Set the element at the index position of the JSONArray.
Add an activelock to the system
Filter list of icompletion proposals based on prefix.
Reads the Nth word from the given document offset backwards from the given document offset.
Calculate the rowlist of basevertexes which are connected by a number of edges from the given
Get editpart corresponding to the given modelelement.
Get an image descriptor for a given file path.
Declares an image in the registry
Adds a basevertex to the cell at a specific depth.
Returns the index of the row which contains the given basevertex or - 1 if it is not
Returns the width of the table.
print out the content of the matrix
Optimize each of the rows in the matrix.
( ) ; }
draw a new graph
Get the current breakpoint with the specified source.
Set the href of the current node.
returns true if the remote host can talk to the DAV server false otherwise
Copies a resource from one place to another.
{ } }
{ } }
Returns the contents of the resource as a stream
Returns an enumeration of all locks for this resource.
Returns status of specified property.
Sends a HEAD request to the specified resource.
Returns a locktoken.
Moves a property from one location to another.
protected checkin implementation
refreshes a lock by trying to get it from the server
Removes one or more properties from the current resource.
Removes a property from the set of properties.
Sets the content of the given inputstream to the contenttype specified.
Sets the properties for this resource.
Sets the value of a single property.
. LockFailedException
Updates the resource with the new version
Returns the version of the resource.
Deletes the resource specified by the current context.
examine the status code to see if it is a redirection or a server exception
. DOMException {
Send this request body to an outputstream.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Convert an int array to a hexadecimal string representation
Sets if the element is a allprop element.
Sets whether the item is a PROPNAME item.
set the value of the property.
Returns the string after the last word of the specified string.
Update the rules tree.
This method is not thread safe and should only be called from the main thread.
{ }
Mark parse errors in the list of error markers
Skip whitespace.
Adds a new file as a resource to the Guvnor cache.
Commits changes to a single file.
Returns the age of the node as an integer.
content length in bytes.
The maximum number of forwards to apply to a given input stream.
Whether this file should be overwritten.
Returns the passthrough flag.
Returns the read timeout in seconds or - num_ if not available.
Put a property. If the value is null then remove the property.
Set the timeout in milliseconds.
Open a DSL source file
Parse the given file and add the result to the list of entries.
Extracts the object metadata from the text that was parsed.
strip the objmetadata from the text
add tokens to the tree
Get the children of the current condition node given the condition text.
Find the first child of the condition that starts with the given object
Add the prefix to the list if the node has more than this number of children. If prefix
Print out the entire tree.
Recursively prints out a single node and its children.
Prints the specified number of tabs.
jsonvalue from string
Obtains the image descriptor with the given id from the default registry.
Processes the specified request. This method opens the HTTP connection and creates the necessary protocol resources for
Set the specified request header field to the given value.
rule sample launcher
Create a rule for the given project and file.
Create the ruleflow.
Create the ruleflow sample launcher
get the selected iu tree items
create an image and save it to a file
Gets the name of the field that this node is associated with.
Gets the mvel evaluator.
Gets the value of the current mvel constraint.
adds the guvnor properties to the resource
Overrides the baseline control of the webdav server.
Bind a member to a locator source.
Get the child locator of the given member name.
Optimize the graph in order to minimize the number of base vertices which are out of sync with
Initialize all the control fields.
return false ; }
Generate an entitytag with the current time and the thread id.
return vertex ;
Validate a list of OTPs.
Is the user a right user of the map
Get the username associated with a YKID from a file.
Add a yubikey to a user.
Attempt authentication using the base64 encoded otp
Clear the password from the internal buffer.
Get the public id from the OTP
Check whether the given OTP is valid or not.
Create an evaluation object from the given simplenode.
{ return null
Clears all the cached information in the class.
Checks if the current string is a JDK 1. 5 class
Get the package name of an object.
get the package name of a class
Get a unique descriptor for the given object
get the class of the given argument
Returns true if classes1 is more specific than classes2
returns the value of a private or protected static method. If the method is not found returns null
Returns a map containing the names and types of all property descriptors of the given class
Get a propertydescriptor from an array of property descriptors.
Get read method
Read a character.
this is for projection of datasets
the select all statement
returns the long value of an object for number type
returns the double value of the object
returns the biginteger of the object
returns the big decimal of the object value
Return the string representation of the value.
Returns the numeric type of the given value.
Convert a value to a new type.
get int value of object
Returns the type of a numeric field. A numeric field is the type of a double if and
Get the numeric type of the two arguments.
Create a number of the given type and long value.
Pops the evaluation from the stack.
Generate the ognl getter method
Generate the corresponding setter method and add it to the class.
Flatten the sub - tree of the node using the class of the current node as the root
Initialized this iterator with the given node and source.
Escapes the last character of the input string
Sets the root object in the supplied context.
Return the value of the expression or null if the expression is not recognized.
assign a value to a variable
Recursively set a value in the tree.
Returns true if the expression is constant.
Gets the default watch service id.
Reload the current class loader.
Returns the archiver with the given name.
Check the archiver for potential problems. This is a no - op if the archiver is
Read the file as a string.
return antproject ; }
Add a system property to the java environment
Add a system property to the java environment
Called when a directory is selected.
Refresh button state.
create fileobserver for any file that changes
Return the selected folder to the user
Creates a new subdirectory in the selected directory.
Checks if a file is a valid file according to the configuration.
{ }
Start a new list.
End a list.
Handle a motion event.
Get the croprect of the image.
Compute layout for the current crop window.
Register a new listener and media factory.
Add a span watcher
this method is overridden to customize view creation
getdropdownview ( int position, View convertview, ViewGroup parent )
Convert a spanned text to an html object
) { }
Create a new file with the same name in the targetfolder but with a different mime type.
Determine the original file for the given uri.
Return a namespace name from a Qname. The attribute flag tells us whether to return an existing
Returns the name of the given class without the package prefix.
Set the value of an attribute. If the attribute does not exist it will be created.
Set an attribute in the current element of the feed.
Get the font name of a font file.
Get the font name of a font file
return ; } }
Write the bytes to byte array.
Write a byte to byte array.
Write the contents of the inputstream to the internal buffer.
Write the contents of the buffer to the given outputstream.
Copies the content of the buffer to a byte array.
Set font size
Separators to unix.
Recompute the focus from a given event.
Ensure the highlight view is visible.
center based on highlightview
Reset document locator
Validate a value against the set of regular expressions returning the value if it is valid.
Add an elementtype to the table
Add an attribute to an existing element.
Set the parent of an elementtype of a specific name.
Get an element type by name
; }
Removes all paragraph effects from the given editor.
set the selection to the given value
{ }
This method is synchronized in order to prevent multiple executions of the same operation operation multiple times.
Redo the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
Replace all occurrences of a search string in a source string with a replacement string.
Get or create the status of the thread.
Set decoding options for a thread
The following two methods are used to keep track of which thread is being disabled for bitmap decoding.
The real place to delegate bitmap decoding to BitmapFactory.
Use this method to retrieve all the available fonts
Finds all the font files that are available as assets in the assets folder and returns a map
Finds all the font files in the font directory and returns a map of them.
Sets up all the variables to their default values.
Get the reader from the input source.
get the inputstream from the url
This method is called when a pre - existing element is encountered.
Expands all the HTML entities in a string.
Look up the next character in the document.
Restart a previously saved element.
Pop an array or object scope.
Pop an element off of the stack and apply an anonymization to it if needed.
Returns the prefix of the name.
{ }
Removes double quotes from a string if they are the same character.
private static final int num_ = 1 ;
Find the position of the element relative to the top of the stack and create a rectified parent
Saves the current settings of the instance of the editor.
Called when the component is being destroyed.
main thread media insert
main thread removes a link from the current editor
Calculate the proper base matrix for the view
return the maximum zoom of the image in pixels
True if there is at least one span in the current selection
Find spans in the given text and remove them from the paragraphs spanprocessor
Open a file chooser to pick from the given directory.
) {
Set the output writer. If null is set system. out will be used.
Write a raw character.
Write a string.
Returns true if the attribute is boolean.
Write a subset of a string with escaping and unicode 16 bit entities.
Write the namespace declarations.
Write an element or attribute name.
create stream if it does not exist
Wait for the stream to be activated.
This method completes a snapshot by replacing all the instance snapshots with the ones that have not
wait the minimal duration to execute the next provisioning request
Amazon Kinesis getrecords operation. Amazon Kinesis getrecords operation returns list of records from Amazon
Retries the provided action with exponential backoff if it fails or times out.
try amazon action with exponential backoff
Check if the bucket is accessible.
entitystoresbystorename = > entitystoresbystorename [ lasttxid ]
Invoke the wildcardexpander handler if it exists.
Replace all occurrences of oldpattern with newpattern in instring.
Delete any character in a given string.
Add a new resource lint report.
Update properties with the configuration of the filter setting.
Get the configuration properties for this object.
Creates a new inputstream instance with autodetection enabled.
convert preprocessors map to postprocessor map
compile a string content into a JavaScript script.
reload cache with a new value
Reload model with a new value.
Wrap the given httpservletrequest with a wrapper that adds the context path as a parameter
Create a transformer that appends a specified suffix to the basename of the input string.
Called when the request is rejected.
Redirect to the specified location.
Process a resource.
Create expander handler function.
Returns an inputstream for a given uri.
{ }
} ) ; }
( ) ; }
Set a configuration object for the wro4j library.
Identify duplicate group names.
Merge another wromodel into this one. All groups present in the imported model will be added
Locate the input stream for a given uri.
Apply postprocessors to the text.
Deploy a post processor to the injector.
Process a resource using the pre - configured processors.
Split the given option string into an array of options.
Load a properties file from the inputstream.
; }
Creates a custom manager factory.
Persist the fingerprints of all the resources that belong to the given groups
Check if the given group is a targetgroup of the job.
{ }
Get the model as a inputstream.
Read in the wromanagerfactoryclassname from the properties and set it as null if there
Sets the transformers to be used.
Precompile the given content.
Process and merge a list of resources.
Process a list of resources and merge them into a single string.
Run the given resources in parallel and return the result.
Apply configured preprocessors to given resource.
Wrap a resourcepreprocessor in a default processordecorator instance for all pre - processing.
Persist the fallback storage to the file system
) ; }
Rewrite image with css uri if it is valid.
Compute new image location from original imageurl.
add a new modeltransformer.
This method will init the aggregated folderpath and serve the bundle
Initialize aggregatedfolderpath.
Extract variables map from variables body.
} }
Replace all the variables in the given css string with the given variables map.
convert a postprocessor to a resourcepreprocessor
Tests whether the processor is eligible for the resource with the searched type.
filter the response for a gzipped response.
include a processor.
Exclude patterns from the processor.
create a new instance of resourcechangehandler.
Remember a resource to stay remembered for some time.
Apply the function to each CSS import.
Filter the given collection returning a new list containing only the non - null elements.
Is minimized.
{ return null ; }
; return folder
converts an array of strings to a delimited string
Gets the list of alias from the given alias csv string.
internal - create the context and set the optimization level to - 1
Evaluate the expression from the specified reader and return the result.
Evaluate a script.
{ }
Check if the request is for an api handler request.
Create handler request path string.
Rename a group.
Compute destination folder.
Process a group.
Check if a resource has changed for a group.
Use the standalone context to locate an inputstream for the given uri.
Create a new pool and return it.
Locates the input stream for a given uri in a folder. If the folder is a
Attempts to open the given jar file.
This method extracts the path part from the uri.
Check if the group is minimized or not.
Add urilocators.
Wrap a wromodelfactory with a list of transformers
Add a package to the list if it is not already present.
Processes the given update script and returns the updated string.
Log summary information.
This method is invoked by the resource processor when a new resource is processed.
Returns a readwritelock for the given key.
Creates the process to run a file.
Parses properties from a property file.
Returns the taskinfo of all the tasks in this record.
Gets the compilation command for the script.
Parse header.
Adds the pragma cache control and expires nocache headers to the map.
Get the pathinfo from a location.
Gets servlet path from location.
Check if the given path matches the request url.
load a regexp with a certain key.
Copies the reader to the writer without throwing any exceptions.
Creates a new temporary file.
Clean imageurl string.
Sets the attribute on the target object.
Generate the datauri from the inputstream and filename
throws IOException { }
Set a context and associate a configuration.
Remove the current correlation id from the ThreadLocal
check a single cachekey.
} }
Check if the resource has changed.
Update hash for group
Check if the set has at least one resource of the given type.
Creates a command line process to copy the file to the destination
Parse a single group.
Create a group and its associated resources.
Processes a resource definition.
Get a collection of all the resources for a given group
Stop a named timer.
Returns a timer of the given name for the current thread. If no such timer exists yet then
Retrieves a previously registered timer with the given name. If an existing timer with the given name does
Prints the statistics of the classifier.
If there are no workers waiting wake them up.
Update the processed counters based on the number of workers and the number of contexts processed.
update the finished counters for the snapshots
Atomic update if smaller than a given counter.
Subclasses can override this to provide a custom visitor.
Instertinto taxonomy.
Ensures that the state of the input stream is loading.
Restore saturation.
Returns true if the current state of the classifier is inconsistent.
return null ; } called by subclasses
return instancetaxonomy ; } }
Returns a proof of knowledge about the entailment.
initializes the reasoner for preexecute
Invalidate this reasonerstage and its recursive poststages
return null ; }
return null ; }
private static final String str_ = CODESTRING ;
Removes the element at the specified position.
Removes an element from k and v at position pos.
Get the next moved position from the beginning of the array
Returns true if object o is present in array d
Add an element to an array.
Throws an exception if occurrence numbers are out of range
Add the given timer to the current one.
Add the given ruleapplicationtimer to the current one.
Put a new key and value pair in the array of keys. If the key is not in
This method is called when the entry is removed from the table.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Shrinks the internal array by half of its capacity if the internal array is still large.
Save the current configuration on disk
Prints the declarations of the classes in the given taxonomy.
Collect all instance nodes of a type node and all direct subnodes and instancenodes of the type
Removes all elements from the receiver. The receiver will be empty after this call returns.
Combines a list of integers into a single integer.
Copies all data from the inputstream to the outputstream
getreasonerincompletenessmonitor.
Processes the taxonomy of the given taxonomy.
Submit an input to the task.
Append data to the appender from the given elkobject
Mark the query class as not computed if it was previously computed.
Add a new direct type node.
) { } }
Returns a new set that contains the results of applying the given function to each element in the input
Add an element to the queue.
Removes a single instance of an object from this set.
Adds the given counter to the current one.
return ; } }
Set the configuration options from the configuration file.
Shuts down the server after the specified timeout.
prints the header
prints the given values to the logger.
Returns n characters of the specified character
Add a rulecounter to the current rulecounter.
Write a resource.
get the inputparameter with the given name
Get the property descriptor for the property path
This method returns the required request parameters.
Is single value type boolean calendar or currency.
Add a link
Set the media type of the link.
Adds a hreflang parameter to the link
Add a revision number to the revision number list.
Add a parameter for the HTTP URL.
Expand the partial URI template into an affordance object.
Get all rels for the link
Get all the revisions that have been added to this link.
Returns true if at least one actioninputparameter has a value.
Returns the value as a formatted string.
Returns true if the property is marked as hidden
Returns whether the input annotation contains the property or its include value
{ return
Returns true if this is a required request parameter.
Get the parameter s default value.
Get the name of the parameter associated with the current method
If the input parameter is annotated with an expose annotation get the input parameter name otherwise get the param
Get the vocab of the bean.
Returns the query of the URL as a string.
convert actionhttpmethod to requestmethod
Write an input button with the given parameters.
if ( possiblevalues. length > num_ ) { appendinputorselect
Add the given affordancebuilder to this builder.
Get the components of the URI template as a list of strings.
Returns the uri template components with the optional arguments removed.
{ return
return first ;
iterator that iterates over nodes in the tree
Returns an immutable map containing the given entries in the same order.
Returns a new persistent treemap containing the given entries.
Return an empty map.
{ return }
Returns the key of the highest element in this list.
the same as fold but reduces an array of operations instead of a single value
Exclude elements while the predicate is true.
Reduce a finite stream to a single value using a combining function.
( ) ; }
Matches functions according to selection and return result.
Register an array of classes
Get the element at the given index.
Append an element to the end of the persistent vector.
Concatenates a sequence of items to the end of this persistentvector and returns the result.
Create a mutable set from the given items.
Create a mutable mutable list from a list of items
Returns an immutable set containing the specified items. The returned set is serializable.
Create an immutable immutable imlist from an array of items
Create an xform for an array of items.
Returns a stringbuilder that will indent the given number of spaces to the right.
Convert an array of strings to a string
Returns a new lazyref instance of the given producer.
;
) { }
, int offset )
{ }
This method is called before an asynchronous operation is executed. It sets the state of the transaction based
{ return null ;
Validates a directory to make sure it exists and is readable.
Create an inheritance link for the concrete class and the superclass
Copy methods from a class to another class with exceptions
Copies all the specified methods from one class to another class
{ } }
Returns the notifications enabled value for the given parameter name
Returns the set of resource adapter entity links which not exists in the given service component
Install a service.
Uninstall a service.
This method checks if the resource adapter entity link named ralinkname is referenced by the address
Get the names of the usage parameterets for a given SBB.
} } }
}
) { }
Execute a fireable event.
Adds a child element to this node.
unbind the named attribute from this node
Looks up object by its name.
Get all the name bindings of this node
sbbentityid = null ; evententrydescriptor = null ;
Determine if the supplied tracelevel is higher than the supplied one.
{ } }
Read data from the inputstream and write to the outputstream.
This method is deprecated in favor of the putnode method
Attach sbbentity id to this node.
Detach a sbbentity from this node.
Returns true if there are no SBB entities attached to this member.
Returns the set of sbbsentities attached to the entity.
Adds a timer to the end of the active timer list.
Detach a timer from this node.
True if there are no timers attached.
Get the names of all attached timers.
Adds a new name bound to this node.
This method removes a name bound object from the predicate.
True iff there are no names bound.
Get a copy of the set of names bound variables.
Set the value of an attribute.
Returns the value of a particular attribute of a node in the composite object or null if the attribute
Return a copy of the cmpattributes.
Init the notification info array with the default values.
send usage notification to server
Download remote du.
} } }
{ }
{ }
{ }
return
Returns true if the given log record can be logged by this logger.
Obtain the logger instance associated with the given log record.
Get all the sbbentityids that are defined in the sbbtree
Gets the permissions from the current policy
get the codesources from the current policy
check if a profile exists or not
profile table has been uninstalled.
method to update the configuration properties of the resource adaptor
throws RemoteException { }
Sleestopping a transaction.
Activate the entity.
Deactivate the entity.
{ }
remove the object from the system
get the resource adaptor interface of a resource adapter type
Notify the resource adapter that the given service is active.
derreferactivityhandle.
called when an activity finishes with an activity
update the ra configuration properties for the current object
Verify a set of config properties.
This method notifies the resource adapter that the resource adapter is rastopping.
Indicate that this resource adapter is inactive.
raunconfigure the adaptor
unset the resource adaptor context
unset faulttolerant resource adapttor context
build a map of profile attributes in the cmpinterface
}
Returns the handles of all the activity contexts known to the engine.
Returns the usage information for the given parameter set name.
Decorate the abstract class in the deployment directory.
Convenience method to fire an activity event with no parameters to the given Activities.
Throws a sleeexception if the event is not valid.
sbbentity is the sbbcomponent that the getprofilecmpmethod is defined on.
Get all abstract methods from a SBB abstract class
Get all methods from an interface except those defined in the exceptmethods map
create an object pool for a profile table
remove the profile table
issourceownerofalarm checks if the source of the alarm is the owner of the alarm
This method is synchronized in order to avoid having a single synchronized member.
get usage parameter set for the given profile object
Gets the event type descriptor for this event.
Determines if the deployableuniturl and deployableunitname refer to a deployableunit that
Init method for the default DeployableUnitWrapper
start the deployableunit
Stop a unit.
Show the status of the deployment.
Execute any aftercommitactions that have been specified.
Executes after commit priority actions.
Execute after rollback actions
Execute the before commit actions for a transaction.
Executes the before commit priority actions for this transaction.
The names of all tracers that have explicitly set the tracer level
Create a tracer with the given name
remove replicated data
Processes the given component.
Returns the object pool for the specified BID if it exists.
createobjectpool.
Finish an activity and send it to the endpoint.
_startactivity is called by the barrier tx to start an activity. Here we create an activity
_endactivity must be called within a barriertx.
Throws an exception if the fire event preconditions are met.
Used by the other fire methods to fire events.
{ }
make the getter for the property
return null ; }
Sets the profile ID.
; }
Returns true if the object is a sbbentity in the sleeContainer
checks whether the given collection contains all elements of the given collection
Removes all of the elements in the specified collection from this set.
A null pointer exception is thrown if the level of this object is higher than the level of the
Resolve the current state of the message to its actual value.
Detach all classes that have been made to the class pool
add profilecall to global transaction context
Returns the profile object with the specified name from the profile table
In a transactional context passivate a profile object to the object pool
setastext ( ) - sets the value of this component to the given text
Generate the concrete activity context interface.
Generate concrete methods in the interface.
Set a cached attribute.
Inform the cache that a name has been bound.
Removes all the name bindings from the activity context
This method removes the aciname from the cache
Method to add a new timer to the cache.
Remove the timers from the sleecontainer
attach sbbentity to activity
Detach the given sbbentity from this activity.
Returns the set of sbbattachments in priority order. If the number of sbbattachment
This method is called when an activity is ended.
add a new component to the job.
{ }
{ }
True if there are duplicate values in the vocabulary
get all install actions
Get the uninstall actions
{ }
close the profile
; } }
Checks if the profile is in write mode or not. In write mode logs if the profile is
This method is called before a profile field is set. It checks if the profile is writable and
Suspend the current transaction and set the profile table
Before get the cmpfield.
After get the cmpfield from the table
Before management method invocation.
After management method invocation.
Recursively delete a directory and all its files and folders.
create default constructor.
Create a default usage parameter getter for the given abstract method
creates the getter and setter for the sbbentity
Create fire event methods for the specified event entries
create the getsbbactivitycontextinterface method and add it to the sbbclass
Add the given expression to the list of criteria
Binds the key to the target object.
Rebinds a object to a different object.
Decorador todos los abstracts bloques.
Invoke a static method and return void.
Get the real fieldname for an activity attribute.
Set the value of a field.
Get the value of a field.
profileinitialize.
unset the profile context
Gets the profilelocalobject.
} } } }
Returns the profilecmpslee10wrapper associated with this profile spec.
Creates a class with given classname and interfaces
Create a superclass link in concrete class
) { }
This method is used to retrieve an activity context interface from an activity.
Returns the classpool.
Sets the deployableunit.
This method is called when the server is undeployed or when the server is undeployed
executes an activity
Checks a class for an interface with the specified name.
Get all abstract methods from xinterfaceclass and all interfaces
Check tracer name.
handles a request to get profiles by static query
return null ; }
Get the entity manager.
} }
creates a new classloader with the same name as cl but with the name of the profileobject passed
{ return null ; }.
Checks that the current transaction is the same as the current transaction.
Calculate the TTL from the given lastaccess and timeout.
Checks if the profile class is visible.
profileobjectimpl
Get logger names matching a regex.
reset all loggerlevels to their default level.
Clear all loggers of a management console.
Add a logger to the management console.
Remove a handler from a logger.
Convert tracername to log4j loggername
{ }
Set the log4j trace level based on the given level.
Reset cache flags.
Sends a trace notification with the given level and message with a throwable.
null pointer exception.
{ }
{ return null }
add urlclassloaderdomainimpl as a direct dependency
This method returns a list of all the urlclassloaderdomains that this implementation depends on.
Attempts to find a class using the global lock held on entry.
Override findresource in order to log file trace.
Returns an enumeration of URL objects representing all the resources with the given name that can be found in
create and register a profilembean with the profilespecificationcomponent
Resumes the specified transaction
Get all SBB IDs
Get the set of resource alptor entity links from a component repository.
Throws an exception if the slee is already initialized.
Throws an exception if the slee is not stopped.
Throws an exception if the state transition is invalid.
Generate the named usage parameter getter method
Set a value for a field in an update query
Build the polyjdbc instance.
Add a value to be used in the insert query.
Execute the given operation within a new transaction.
creates a regionrequest from the given string
Get the region of this bounding box as a double rectangle
{ }
Sets the viewing hints of this parameter.
Add a viewing hint to this resource.
Sets the renderings of the page.
Add a rendering to the resource.
Merge a list of profiles into a single profile.
create a rotationrequest from a string
creates a sizerequest from a string
{ }
Get dump of current device
This function will execute the popbox adbcommand given the devicebrand.
push handle gps2device to adb
clean temp files.
Use adb to pull the dump from the device into a temporary file and return the path to
Get crashlog from external
Detabify text by number of tabs.
Change the number of spaces to the given value.
Tokenize the input text
Format a string as Markdown.
escape special chars in tag attributes
add a new exception to the exception queue
Close all the cached statements.
Find the parent FQCN of a type element if it exists.
Write the class to the filer
Write a bitvector01divider
append bitstrings to a bitvector
Read a GIF from an inputstream.
Get a list of values from a json object.
return ; } }
Add a screen capture from the given path. The path is relative to the current directory.
Set a systeminfo value for a key.
select the specified property
simple select with alias
Extract validation annotation data from an array of annotations.
Returns all the annotations of a property. If the property is a super class of the given class
Returns an array of annotation instances for the given property in the given class.
Returns the property descriptor for the given name for the given class.
Converts a map to an object of a given class
An object is an instance of a class with its fields and values extracted from the map. If
To map map.
To map map.
Returns the values of the annotation.
create a composite validator for the given validationmetadatalist
This method is used to create a list of all the validators given a list of metadata about validators
lookup validator in registry.
This method applies the metadata properties to the validator.
Remove property if it is blank or null.
Advances the time measurement by the given amount.
Returns the number of key - value mappings in this map.
Applies a supplemental hash function to a given hashCode, which defends against poor quality hash function
Try to open database first trying jnidbfactory then iq80dbfactory
Put all values from the given map into the database
Remove all of the entries with the given keys.
Returns an iterator over all the key - value pairs in the database that start with the given start
Loads all the values for the given keys from the database
Close the database connection.
This method is called via reflection from the database.
This method is called via reflection from the database.
Returns the variance of an array of doubles.
Returns the mean of the values in the array.
Invoke the given method from the given object with the given arguments
Reduce an array of floats by a ReduceBy function.
Convert a UNIX timestamp to a human readable string in the EUTC system timezone
Check whether the given object matches the criteria specified.
Create a not in criterion.
Returns a criteria that matches objects in the list.
Deserialize a criteria from a json string.
Appends an array to the end of this list.
Return the maximum value in the array.
Returns the first n items of the given list. Sort order is defined by the arguments.
Returns the last of the given list using the given sorts in the order they are specified.
Returns the last n elements of the list using the specified sorts. The list must be large enough
Returns the least of the given elements in the list
Returns the minimum value in the list.
Get the minimum value from the array using the given sortby
Processes an array of maps and adds them to the specified fieldaccess.
Converts a collection of maps to a collection of objects
load a class from the map
Gets the value associated with the given key.
Creates a tooltip from a bundle and a type.
Add a hex encoded nibble to the sequence.
Process the write queue.
Start the writer and begin writing data to a file.
Gets the substring of the given string that matches the given character at the given index.
Returns the substring of the specified string beginning at the specified index.
Check whether the given character array is in the given string.
Adds the given character to the given string.
Add many objects to a string.
Returns a new string that is the compact form of the specified string.
Splits a string into an array of strings using the default character encoding.
Splits a string by space.
Splits a string by a pipe into a number of strings.
Convert an array of char arrays to an array of strings.
This function converts a string to camel case with optional upper case.
True if the given sequence is inside of the given sequence.
Converts a string to uppercase using the underbarcase algorithm.
number formatting function.
Combines a number of sort functions into one.
Sort the given list of fieldaccesses by the configured comparator.
return the comparator for the given fields
return a list of all child comparators of this sort
Checks if value is present in map.
Compares two ints and throws an exception if they are not equal.
Compare two int arrays.
Calculates the sum of an array of integers.
Round up the given number to the power of two.
sort a list by certain criteria
Sort a list of objects
Set field value from a map.
Converts an object to a list
create the load all version data sql for the given table
Creates a deep copy of the given list
Checks if value1 has stringfield name.
Checks if the given class has a field with the given name that is of the type string and
Check whether the given class has a field with the given name
Get the field name of the first comparable or primitive field declared in the class
Get sortable field from object.
Compare two entries.
return CODEINTEGER ; }
Sort a list of objects
sort a list by certain field
Sort a collection of entries.
Sort a collection of values of a map using the values as the sortby
Sort a collection of entries according to the order induced by the specified sortby field.
Sort the array using the given sortby
universal comparator with support for sorting
thisuniversalcomparator is a universal comparator that orders by the given parameters
Returns the value to which the specified key is mapped or null if there is no mapping for the
Returns the value to which the specified key is mapped or null if this map contains no mapping for
Evict if needed.
This method dynamically initializes this object with the given value.
Allocate a direct byte buffer from the pool.
Choose whether we should exit or not
This method manages the input channel for writing to the file.
If the queue is empty and the force_flush_after_many_mili_seconds
Start monitoring the input file.
) { }
Returns the object mapped to the specified key or null if the map contains no mapping for the key
The main query plan method called when the query is executed.
perform the actual filtering of the group
Called every tick to update the timer
return true ; }
Close outputstream.
Write a buffer to the output stream.
Write a buffer to the output stream.
creates a new outputstream if necessary and initializes it
Stores the values in the map.
Converts the given key to a byte array.
Read metadata list.
Extract validatormetadata from string.
Read validator metadata list.
Extract validatormetadata list.
convert annotations to validatormetadata
convert annotationdata to validatormetadata
Splits the string around the given character limit. The result will be a string array containing the
Splits a string by whitespace.
Splits a string by a set of delimiters.
Remove any of the delimiters from the string.
Split the string into an array of strings using the delimiters none empty between delimiters. This
Parse a double from a string buffer.
Parse an int from a pre - allocated byte buffer.
Parse a long integer from a string buffer.
Returns the value of the property with the given name on the given item
Get fields from object.
Return the type of a property of a object.
Inject the value of the first property of the given object and store the result in the object property
Indexer method that uses string array as property path.
private static final int num_ = 1 ;
Get object property value
Returns the value of a property as an int. If the property is a number the value of
This method initialises the logger.
Create a localized message for the given key with the given arguments.
Creates a localized message for the given actual arguments.
Converts a list of keys to a list of values.
Gets the subject of this form. If the validationcontext has a currentsubject the subject is returned
json object from text
This method sends the http request. It blocks until the connection is closed.
Delete a database.
Creates a new database on the server.
Return a list of last count UUIDs.
Trigger a replication request
get the value of the current field from the database
view descending boolean
Get all designdocuments from the device and synchronize them with the database.
Get the design document from the database.
Get all design documents from the design docs directory.
get designdocument by id
Saves the replicator.
Finds a single ReplicatorDocument in the database.
Returns a list of all the elements that match the query string.
Removes the replicator.
Return a single object from the database by id.
Return a list of objects from the database matching the json query
Does the database contain a given id?
Add a list of objects to the bulk request.
PUT with an object as the input
Perform a PUT request and return the response.
execute a post request
Perform a DELETE request.
validate if the response is a correct httpresponse
Helper method to set the entity of the request.
Adds an attachment to the message.
Returns a list of the changes of this object.
Advance to the next row in the stream and return whether there are any more rows.
Convert a money value from internal currency to external currency
Shuts down the lock executor and releases all currently active locks.
Wraps the data observable and passes it to the servletoutputstream.
Add the given tags to the metric.
Verify and create temp tables.
Returns the id of the given namespace.
return true ; }
Send the authentication request to the server.
{ }
Generate subject access review body.
( ) ; }
This method is called when a request is rejected.
Initialize the rxsession
Find all scheduled jobs in the system for a given timeslice
Convert a map to a list of buckets
Set the status code and optionally the reason phrase and end the current exchange.
Search all data from the specified bucket for the specified time.
Creates a sequence of buckets from the interval [ start end ) that span the specified step.
send message using producer
send oneway message.
Send a message to a specific topic with a specified delay.
{ } }
Adds a file to the archive.
Replace the entry for the given file with the given text.
Build the final zip file.
Generate a metrics instance for a single component.
This method is deprecated. Please use fetchcontent instead.
Convenience method to download the content of an order item.
Upload a new export transformation as a zip file.
Generate the metrics for the given components.
Make a new file with a random name and a random UUID
end the tag.
Registers an adaptor for a particular type of data.
Register a renderer to render a particular type of object.
Prepare a template to be used in a CRUD operation.
Adds a domain object to the assembly. If the domain object is already assembled it will be started
Sets a property on this object.
Add a child object to a collection.
Produce a file from a directory.
Copies a stream to another stream using the specified hash assembler and a buffersize for the
Parse the content of the given file as HTML.
Parse the content of the given reader as XML turning it into a dom tree
Stream of elements in a parent element.
Returns a stream of child nodes of the given parent node.
Get the first child element of the parent element that matches the name of one of the names given
Stream of elements with a name contained within a parent element.
validate the inputstream against the specified xmlschema
Entry point for the program.
set the content as a string
load a contentbuilder from a resource
Processes the specified entry using the provided processor. The processor is invoked with the inputstream of
encode a string to an ASCII encoding.
Set the signature of the object
remove whitespace from the data.
sign the string with the callback
Set the data to the recorder
Complete a multipart upload operation
Method that adds or removes a favorite notice from an entry.
Add a state to an entry
True if the lease has expired
get entrydto notification by id
Get the list of all addresses for a given user
Get addresseedto for a notification
Get events for notification id
Get event by event id
Return the restful url for a single notification.
retrieve an entry by its id
Get the authentication token.
Returns the number of entries in the list.
Add new categories if the list is not null.
Fetch the notifications for the current user
Create a notification error response.
Convert the JSON response to a notification response.
Creates a notificationentry from a row retrieved from the database
Attach the available actions for this notification to the entry
Normalize a link for internal use.
Get the notification category for the portlet
Returns the notification source for the portlet request.
Method that adds or removes a notification from the read notices collection.
Read a notification response from a file
Get the schoolid of the current user from the portlet preferences.
Return the userid from the JSON response
Snooze notifications from the target.
Returns a map of all defined attributes.
Normalizes the vector in place
Returns true if boxa is contained inside boxb.
Finds the closest point on the line to the given point
Computes the sign of the point on the plane
Sets the value of this quaternion to the values of the passed in Se3_f64.
Sets a rotation matrix of certain type.
Converts a rectangle and a polygon into a single polygon
Converts a polygon in F64 to a quadrilateral
Computes the bounding rectangle of a quadrilateral and a rectangle
Computes the bounding of the polygon
Returns the center of the quadrilateral in the image.
Computes the average point across all the vertices of a polygon
Computes the convex hull of the list of points
Removes all the points in the polygon that are acutely parallel to the given tolerance
Calculates the average of closest points on the line between the polygon and the target.
Computes the area of the line between the two polygons
Checks to see if the quadrilateral contains the point
Returns true if the triangle formed by the point a b c contains the point pt.
Computes the intersection of two lineparametrics
Finds the intersection of two line segments.
Computes the intersection of two lines
Computes the intersection of two line segments.
Computes the area of the intersection of two polygons
Returns true if the ellipse contains the specified point
Computes the intersection of two rectangles.
Returns the value of the element at the specified index in the matrix.
convert a dmatrixrmaj object to a quaternion
Rotate a dmatrixrmaj in x - axis.
Rotate a matrix x by an angle in radians.
Rotate a matrix by a Y axis.
Rotate a matrix by the given angle in radians.
Sets a rotation matrix to a given angle in radians.
convert a eulertype to a dmatrixrmaj
Returns the rotation matrix that about the specified axis about the specified angle.
Sets the angle of the slope.
Calculates the twistcoordinate of the motion given the 3D location of the se3_f
Specifies the initial and the end transforms.
Interpolate the se3_f64 value at the given location
Computes the Singular Value Decomposition of the trifocal tensor
Uses the trifocal algorithm to solve a set of points. Returns true if the solution
The length of the side at the specified index.
Checks to see if the provided point is inside the triangle formed by this plane
Convert a conicgeneral_f64 into a dense matrix.
Converts a conic general matrix into a dmatrix3x3.
Convert conicgeneral_f64 to parabolageneral_f64
Convert parabolageneral_f64 to conicgeneral_f64
Divide a geotuple by a scalar
Converts a geotuple into a dense matrix.
Converts a dmatrixrmaj into a geotuple3d_f64
Set the parameters of the transformation.
Returns the half distance between two angles.
3d a
Checks to see if a point is contained in a plane
Checks to see if two line segments intersect.
Linear interpolation between two skew values
Extract the quaternion from the largest eigenvector.
) { } }
Sets the identity matrix to nomotion
Converts a se3_f64 to an homogeneous matrix.
Converts a se2 into an homogeneous matrix
Compute the input axis along the x, y and z axis
Checks to see if two se3_f64 are identical
Converts a lat and lon into a unit vector
) { return true ; }
The square radius of a circle defined by two points.
Returns the point on the line closest to the line from l1 to l0
Finds the closest point on the line to the given point.
Finds the closest point on the plane to the origin
Computes the closest point on a line segment to a given point
Finds the closest point on a triangle defined by the three given points.
Computes the cosineyaw transform of the se2_f64 and places the result
Transforms a set of points using the given Se2_F64
Checks to see if the two quadrilaterals are equal within the given tolerance.
Computes the acute angle between two lines
Converts a linepolar2d_f64 to a lineparametric2d_
Converts a linegeneral2d_f64 into a linepolar2d_f64
Converts a linesegment into a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a linesegment2d_f64 into a linegeneral2d_f64
Converts a line segment from two points to a general line.
Converts two lineparametric points into a new lineparametric object.
Converts a lineparametric into a linepolar object.
Converts a lineparametric into a linegeneral2d_f64.
Converts a linegeneral2d_f64 into a lineparametric2d_f
Converts a planenormal3d_f64 to a planegeneral3d_f64
Convert planetangent3d_f64 to the plane normal
Converts the given se3_f64 planetoworld into a planenormal3d_f64
Converts a point2d_f64 into a 3d point.
Given a planegeneral3d_f64 compute the corresponding se3_f64 of the plane
Returns true if the two vectors are identical within the given tolerance.
Copies the elements of this vector.
Computes the squared norm of the vector
Computes the t parameter of the line with respect to a point
Returns true if the matrix is uncountable.
Checks to see if the parabola is equivalent to the parabola in the specified tolerance
Returns the center of the 3D structure.
Returns the acute angle between two lines on a line.
Checks to see if the point is infinite within the specified tolerance
Creates num points in the unit square centered at center. w = stdev
Converts a point4d_f64 to a point3d_f64
Subtracts two vectors and stores the result in the output parameter
Tests if the two numbers have the same sign.
Sets this rectangle to be equal to r.
Converts an ellipserotated_f64 into an ellipsequadratic_
Given an ellipse and a point on the ground and the point on the ellipse
) { return angle ; }
Computes the tangent at the specified t for the specified ellipse
Select the tangent of the line defined by the two points
Returns the corner of the cell at the specified index. The index should be less than the length
Computes the distance between two lineparametric 3D points.
Computes the distance between the line segment l and the point p
Computes the distance between a linesegment and a point.
Computes the plane distance from a point to a general plane
Computes the distance from a point to a cylinder.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two line segments
Returns the distance squared between the two line segments
Returns the Euclidean distance between the given quadrilateral and the given point
The distance squared of a quadrilateral to a point
The Euclidean distance between a polygon and a point.
Computes the Euclidean distance squared of a point to a polygon.
Computes the distance from the origin to the line
Computes the distance between the ellipse and a point.
) { return 2 ; }
Add a new transformation to the path
Computes the point on the line segment closest to the given point
Finds the closest point on the ellipse to the provided point.
Processes the provided data and computes the polynomial curve for the provided data
Creates a new random vector in the given range using the given random number generator
Computes the perpendicular canonical of the input vector and stores the result in the output
Checks to see if two vectors are identical within the provided tolerance.
Normalizes the vector in place.
Create a matrix from a vector vector.
Converts a dmatrixrmaj into a vector3d_f64
Returns the distance from this point to the given point.
Specifies the ellipse to use.
Normalizes the vector in place.
Calculates the distance between two triangles
Computes the quadrilateral norm of the input quadrilateral.
Simplest version of the polygonsimple algorithm
Computes the mean of an array of points
Sorts a list of points in clockwise order
Compute a covariance matrix from a list of points using a mean and standard deviation
{ return true
Multiplies each element by a scalar.
Returns the maximum of the absolute value of the complex number
Calculates the Euclidean distance between the given points.
Returns the square of the Euclidean distance between the specified two points.
Creates a list of random points inside a plane normal in the plane
Generate random points within a rectangle defined by the mean and the number of points
Creates num points with the given mean and standard deviations
Computes the mean of a list of points
Computes the mean of a list of points
Discard all cached tokens for the given credentials.
Invalidate all tokens that match the given predicate.
Combine a number of collections to a set
returns the serverfeatures of the specified server.
get config dropins features
Get the server XML features from the server file.
Parse an include node.
Returns the featuremanager node as a set of strings.
Download the JSON files from the remote URL to the local disk
Scans a set of JSON files and returns a set of the open liberty features.
isonlyopenlibertyfeatures This method checks if the list of features to install is contained in
Checks if target contains reference ignoring case.
Return the next product version after the given version.
This method extracts the symbolic name of the file.
Find the kernel installation jar in the given directory that is a map based install jar.
Returns true if file1 is a replacement jar file file2 is a replacement jar file
Extracts the version number from the filename.
Compares two versions.
Return the productinfo of the given action of the given installdirectory.
Replies if the given artifact is a Spring Boot jar.
Retrieve the value of an attribute in the Arquillian profile.
Check if a given file is a valid image for this environment
tortoise. turn ( num_ ) ;
Checks if two strings are equal handling null.
Load a int from a String in a safe manner.
Throw pizza party tortoises
Verify Turtle.
Swap a blank cell in the puzzle.
Get the distance from the goal to the current cell.
Print a formatted string using the specified format string and arguments and flush the output stream.
Print a formatted string using the specified locale and arguments and flush the output stream.
{ } }
Prints a single variable.
Returns a random integer uniformly in [ a b ).
Returns a random real number uniformly in [ a b ).
Returns the index of the poisson distribution of the given lambda.
Throws an exception if the array is not discrete
Capitalize the first letter of the word.
Changes the first character of the string to lower case.
Adds str_ to path if it doesn t end with it.
convert criteriajoin to string
get token sentence.
Process the incoming request and response and extract the basic token from the cookie list.
Extract auth token from cookielist.
Find all Guice unbound classes in the injector and register them in the jersey environment
get all role permissions including permissiongroup for a given role
Add an alias for the given projection
Convert jobinfo to jobdetail
Convert a triggerinfo object to a trigger object
copied from org. quartz. trigger. TriggerInfo to the builder
helper method to set the start and end time of a trigger
Send mail.
{ } }
initialize scheduler given properties and start the scheduler
Return all fields of the given class ordered by their natural ordering.
Returns a map of field name to field object for the specified class.
( ) ; }
Generate attributeshash.
{ }
Method sendmessage.
Same as above but generates a new strong password for a user
Retrieves the user with the given username.
Hashes a password for the given account name.
verifies that the accountname is valid
Commits hibernate transaction if it is still active.
Rolls back hibernate transaction.
Start transaction and call callback.
return true if the request is authorized according to authorization settings
Overrides the default date parser to use a simple date format by parsing a string.
Returns a generic response for this exception.
Creates an equals restriction
The field is not equal to the given value.
The field must be less than the given object.
The field must be less or equal than the given value.
The field must be greater than the given value.
The field must be greater or equal than the given value.
Matches fields that are ilike the given value.
The named restriction to check if the value is the same as the one given.
Adds a new namespace.
resource representation with the given content
Return a new resource representation with the specified relation.
creates a resource representation with a new value
Add a new resource with the given namespace.
Check if the given byte array can be decoded without error. The input byte array is assumed to
Converts a substring of a string into a sequence of base64 encoded bytes.
Compares two reader to determine if they are equal or not
Move the file or directory to the destination.
Creates the specified files with the current time.
Returns the base name of a file.
pad the buffer with zeros and add it to the internal buffer
Returns the class s fully qualified name without the package
Returns all the supertypes of the given class.
Verifies the given password against a hash.
Reads a string from the system.
Append a byte to the end of the buffer.
Append a range of bytes to the end of the buffer.
Copies the specified array into a new array.
Add another fraction to this one and return the result.
Subtract the supplied fraction from this one and return the result as a new fraction.
Multiplies this fraction by another.
returns the result of dividing this fraction by another fraction.
Returns the largest of the specified values.
Returns the smallest of the specified values.
Throws an illegalargumentexception if the condition is not met.
Fetch the location forecast data from the given latitude and longitude
Fetch the content of sunrise from the given location
Fetch a series of sunrises from the given location
For the given number of hours ahead of the current time find the time with the most data in
Find the nearest forecast to a given date.
Fetch the weather data for the given query
For each day in the current year - create a simple forecast
Create a longtermforecast object
Create a location object from a string of coordinates
Fetch the content of the current URL and parse it as a meteodata
Create windsymbolname string from windspeed and winddirection.
Find the best beaufortlevel for the given windspeed.
Creates a new URI from the given string
True if the sun is sun.
Get the pointforecast for a given datetime.
Gets best fit period forecast between two dates.
Fetch the text location weather data for the given longitude and latitude
Fetch the text location weather data from the given latitude and longitude
Update database using the new connection string and the existing database implementation.
Invokes a static method on the given object with the given arguments.
Acquires an object from the given datasource.
Get referenced object.
Get wrapped object.
Get the configuration object from the servicepath and deserialise it.
get issubstitutorenabled.
Returns an iterator of classes that belong to the given service and that don t belong to a given
= null ;
Return a list of all registered services for the given class.
{ return null }
Acquire an inputstream from the given source.
Estimates the number of bytes the specified dataset will consume.
Get wrapped data.
Returns the component at the specified index.
Returns a sublist of the name beginning at the specified index.
Is the current token colored?
Matches a HSRE pattern against a character sequence. Returns true if the pattern matched the
Find loops in the dfa tree.
Subset the match list from begin to end
Branches to the right of begin and end are disallowed
Clone the output arcs of a state to a new state
Depth - first search algorithm to find all options in a subtree.
Mark a subtree as inuse.
Duplicate a subre into a new nfa and compute the new state.
Parse a subre of a given type.
Deleting travesis of state s.
Create a new non - word node.
The actual word generation routine.
Duplicating the number.
Bracket or bracket expression
Scan plain.
return pos ; }
Choose a case for a single character or do something else.
vector representation of the set
Returns the color for a specific code point.
returns the next pseudocolor
Generate a subrange of the current color map.
okcolors - check if there are any color descriptors
add a to the colorchain
Uncolorchains an arc from this colordesc
Iterates through the list of colordescs and dumps them into the system.
Starting lexing.
Updates the lexnest with the interpolated characters.
Get the color for a given Unicode codepoint.
;
The last cold state of the machine
Returns all or none of the characters in the class.
Returns a unicodeset corresponding to the given class name or the default set if no such set exists
Sort an array of arcs using a carcsort algorithm.
creates a new state with given flag
Move all the arcs between two states.
Move all the arcs from the old state to the new state.
Copy all the instructions from one state to another.
copy all the output arcs from old to new state
drop a state and its arcs
Frees a state
Copy a cparc from one state to another
Duplicate the path down to the destination state.
Copy the special color from the parent if it exists.
Dump the NFA to the debug log
used in debugging
Debugging function to print the arcs of a state
recursive method to dump all rarcs of an arc.
Implementation of the core optimization routine.
See if there is a match in the outchain
{ }
Clean up after a full transition or a failure.
Make a state reachable from a given state.
Test for a state where we can reach another state.
Fix empty arcs by removing empty arcs.
this function will move an empty arc to the correct location.
Reads rule parameters from properties file.
retrieve all rule interpreter plugins from the repository
Get report plugins from pluginrepository
Get the ruleselection object for the given ruleset
Run the tool with the given arguments.
Get the error message from a cliexecutionexception
Gathers the standard options from the command line.
Gather tasks and options from a task factory and add them to the provided options.
gather the tasknames from a taskfactory
Interprets the commandline as a command line.
Get the command line from the arguments.
Executes a single CLI task.
read properties and values from a file or a resource
Prints usage information to system out.
Gets the home directory of the assistant JQassistant server.
Creates a classloader for the plugins from the plugin directory.
Returns a set of the ids of all cells contained in the rectangle defined by the specified parameters.
Get all of the IDs of the cells intersecting the given rectangle
Get uri for given method and target
add a new route to the routing table
Returns the total number of routes between first and last.
Add a new route to the first path in the router.
Add a new route to the routing table of this router
Add a new route to the last of the routers.
Returns true if any of the paths match any of the request path tokens.
Create a filter for comparing a property to a value.
Get the filename of the store file.
Compare folders.
Compare two entries.
Compare bookmarks.
Set the time at which the servlet class was last modified.
Returns a list of names of jsp - source - dependent servlets that this tag handler depends on
{ }
Parse the Authorization header out of the http servlet request.
get a protected functionmapper instance
Map a method to a class.
Get a function mapper for a given method of a class.
Resolve a function by prefix and localname.
Set the values of this object to be used by the parser.
Resolve the variable for the given name.
throws IOException { }
{ return ; }
Parses the tag file with the given filename and returns a list of tagfile nodes.
Create a compiler object.
Gets the resource as a stream.
Return the last modification timestamp of all channels and an optional for localtime.
Returns a list of all class loaders which are reachable through this class context.
classloader is not null and not this.
start loading a class
Read the header of an inputstream.
Paginates a dataset.
Creates a metakey from a string representation.
fill the requirements from the payload coding
Get the tagfile for the given name if it exists. If it does not exist then call
Parse an implicit TLD.
Returns the checksum of the specified file.
Returns the file size of the specified file.
Validate channel name.
Sets the current read position to the specified block.
Locate the block at the given position.
Return a list of maven versioned artifacts from the given supplier.
Update the state of the option to match and long reps if necessary
) { } }
Calculate prices of longreps and shortreps.
) { } }
Throws an exception for expected byte.
Throws an exception for invalid byte.
Scans the TLDs and creates a mapping from TLD names to URIs.
return null ; }
Adds a new wrapper for the specified URL.
Returns the classloader of the parent class loader or the thread context class loader if one is available.
Sets the bytecode to use for the given class.
Get the bytecode birth time of a class.
Saves the bytecode for the given classname to the specified file.
return ; } }
Initialize the classpath.
{
Stop the background thread that is processing the request.
}
Find a channel by name.
Find a channel.
{ }
Copies the inputstream to the outputstream
Parse the jsp data from the given reader and return the created tree.
Parse the attributes from the given jsp reader
Add the included files to the include set.
Parse the jsp attribute and body.
Adds an attribute to the request.
add a child node
Returns an attribute iterator.
Find all the children of this node.
Find all the children with the given name
create a new mavencoordinates object with the classifier and extension
Returns the alias for the given variable name if it exists.
Set up the thread local variables
Null the current thread s output stream and return it as a string.
Find the current printstream to use.
Writes a string as an optional field to the string writer. If the value is null this
Write a string to a stringwriter.
Add an element to a parent element.
Add an element as the first child of the given parent element.
Writes the contents of the buffer to a writer.
Sets the writer to write to.
Reallocates the buffer for the given number of characters.
Creates the function mapper for the given page of nodes.
Get same parent state.
Register a new storage provider with the registry.
Stream data from the data store.
monitor a job
Check if user is authenticated.
Finish the XML stream by closing the underlying stream.
Create a new gson instance with custom adapters for serializers.
{ return
Return the union of both provided metadata and extracted metadata
Get the throwable from the request. First check for the servlet exception. If not found look for
Is the coordinates a checksum.
Finishes writing uncompressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream. Use this method
get thrown exception from request
Evaluate an EL expression and return the result.
Make the prefix from the osgi properties. If the system property is set to a different value
Check if the given path is a valid XML file.
Parse a tagfiledirectives page and return a taginfo instance.
Load a tagfile.
Remove all prototype files for the given class file. If the given filename is null then all prototype
Set the uriroot for the input file.
Find all the jsp files in a directory and its subdirectories.
Locates the uriroot of a file.
Moves to the next byte of the stream. If there are not enough bytes in the stream
Returns true if the next character in the stream matches the specified string.
Tests whether or not the given string matches the pattern. The match may contain optional spaces followed by
Skip until the given string is matched in the input. If the match succeeds then the mark
Skip until a certain string is not longer than a given limit. Ignore escape sequences.
Skip until the matching etag is found and return that mark. If there is no etag
Parses the next token from the input stream. The input stream is assumed to be positioned
{ }
Return a new instance with the same group artifact and version as this instance but with the classifier set
Return a new list of aspectinformations that have factory ids that satisfy a given predicate.
Return an array of factory ids that are missing from the assigned aspects
Sets the schema resource prefix.
Set the prefix for DTD resources.
return parent ;
Merge errors from a single binding result into the given result
Initialize each binder method with the initializer annotation.
Get channel aspect informations from the context.
Returns the unqualified version of the path.
Invokes the registered tag plugin for the given custom tag node
Returns a byte array of the specified size filled with all zeroes if requested.
Returns an int array of the specified size filled with all zeroes if requested.
Create aetherresult from results.
return null ;
validate a single page using the current tag library
) throws IOException {
Get the encoding of a file.
Report a fatal error.
Get the real path for a file
Returns the resource at the given path
Get the inputstream of a resource as a stream.
Get all the resource paths for a given path.
Log a message and exception with a level of DEBUG.
addfilter - add a filter
Computes the number of bytes required to hold the dictionary with the specified size.
) { }
Set the preset dictionary to be used when writing compressed data.
}
Fills the buffer with more data taking into account compression.
{ }
Returns the number of bytes that match the rest of the string.
Returns the number of bytes that match the string buffer.
Returns true if the given matches matches the pattern.
Moves the reading position to the write position and returns the number of bytes written.
Package - level access
Flush the internal buffer to the underlying stream.
clear the buffer and close the underlying out
Flushes the stream. If the stream is already flushed then this method does nothing.
= true ;
Write a string.
If there is a problem with the javac compiler it will throw a jasperexception.
Make the key from the metadata
Generates the servlet class and the java compiler options.
compile ( ) ;
Java compiler init.
Try to find a system jar in the web. xml file.
Properly quotes a character with the given quote character.
Generate the page directives for the servlets.
Compile the tag handler pool list.
write the prolog to file
; }
Generate the postamble of the node.
The main method called when generating the jsp source code.
Generate the tag handler attributes if they exist.
return null ; }
final ZipOutputstream zos ; }
Validate an XML view with the taglibs of the compiler.
Gets the next handler of the specified class.
Parse el expression and return parsed expression as list of elnode. nodes
select the property with the lowest extension value
Returns true if the uri is a JSP page.
Prints a comment in the printout stream.
Prints a string to the underlying writer.
Print string followed by a newline.
prints the string multiple times to the same line
Get the expression in xml.
Throw an error if the given scope is not valid.
Escape a string for use in an XML doc.
Validate the value expressions.
get the classname of a taghandler.
Returns a legal Java package name for the given path.
Splits a string into an array of strings.
Returns a version of the given string that is a Java identifier.
Mangles a single character.
Returns true if the given key is a Java keyword
Add property if the value is not null.
Creates a string representation of a modifier.
Returns a set of metadata values for a given namespace and key.
The run method for this Runnable type. This method is called when the job is executed.
Get base name from a full name.
Put string in metadata cache
load the metadata from the database
Build metrics collection for pre - aggregated payload.
If n is a lazily parsed number returns n. Otherwise returns n.
private static final int STRING = 1 ;
Get TTL in seconds
{ }
Track delayed metrics for a given tenant.
This method is used to log the delay time for delayed aggregated metrics
Read a double or long from the input stream.
put unversioned double or long.
Returns an unmodifiable map of all properties of this resource.
Create a new container in the blobstore.
Schedule eligible slots from all shards. For metrics that do not have a scheduled slot execute the
Clear a particular slot from all the running shards.
Add a listener for an event.
Register a listener to be invoked only once for an event.
Remove all callbacks for the specified event
Emit a event with the given arguments.
Return a list of listeners for the given event.
Get the remotename of the cloudfile.
append a rollup event to the sequence
Parse timestamp out of filename.
Start the httpingestion server.
Get the appropriate rollup computer from the given granularity.
get the singleton iocontainer from config.
Attempts to put an integer into the given map builder. If the value is smaller than the
Compute maximums for the given headers and outputformatters
Format a header string given the number of maximums
This method formats an array of integers into an array of formatted strings
Register the metrics for the lock manager.
; }
Add the given index of the given string to the set of metric names
Build a set of complete metricnames from the given metricindexmap.
Gets all tokens of the given locator.
Add a record to the table in SQS.
Returns the granularity of a granularity with a given number of points less
Set the server time.
Get the unique hosts from the different sources
Gets the maximum number of cassandra connections per host for a given number of hosts.
Get metric column families as an Iterable.
Insert the given metrics to the metric table. The granularity of the query is set
Insert the given metrics to the column family.
; }
Gets the current and next level regex from the input query. The regex will match the input query
Start the uploader in a new thread.
Stops the uploader. This method has no effect if the thread is not running.
Is the locator currently current in a batch layer?
Tests if the locator is currently in the current discovery layer.
Is locatorcurrentintokendiscoverylayer boolean.
Is the locator for the slot currently delayed by another locator?
Sets the delayed locator for a slot in the current implementation.
Returns a map of all the ranges in the given granularity and their contained iterators
Returns an iterable of all the Range objects that fall within the given interval of the given gran
metrics = null ; } }
Convert the collection of imetric to a columnlist
Determine if the given metric has been delayed.
If the metric is delayed and there is a slot available return the bound statement for the slot.
Get the metadata values for a given locator
Check if the content type is valid
Check if the accept header is valid
Insert metrics in the given batch.
Checks that all the parameters are valid
This method performs the actual check. If the check fails it terminates the process if there are
Creates a new instance of a new extractor based on the configuration.
Determine if the operating system matches the user requested os.
Start the task. This is the first step of the download process.
Synchronously stops the broker
Returns a pnsignalingparams object with the default values.
Overwrite the current iceservers with a new list.
Adds a iceserver to the list of servers for this torrent.
Send a JSON message to a single user.
Send jsonobject to all connected peers.
Gets the value of the weitereadresse property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedsimplefield property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedanyfield property.
Sets the value of the apisuchfelder property.
Gets the value of the multimediaanhang property.
Get statusvbm.
Get statusis24.
Get statushp value
Get the importmodus value
Gets the adressdruck value for this Boolean_.
Get waehrung.
Get the bodenbelag type
Sets the region.
Sets the area value for this ReportQuery.
Sets the value of the address property.
Sets the value of the description property.
Sets the value of the rentcollectionperiod property.
Set the value of the furnished property.
Sets the phone1 value for this Customer.
Sets the phone2 value for this Customer.
Sets the contactname value for this Contact.
Sets the phoneinfo value for this Product.
Sets the value of the mainemail property.
Sets the ccemail value for this email.
Sets the value of the externalid property.
Sets the value of the agentid property.
Sets the epart.
Sets the jahrgang variable to the given value.
Set the value of the gebaeudeart property.
Sets the buerotyp for the simulation.
Efficient method to check if a string is numeric.
Set the gebiete value
Sets the gruppe value for this ProposalLineItem.
Sets the agent of the root.
Gets the value of the property property.
Sets the value of the stand property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedextend property.
Sets the preiszeiteinheit.
Gets the value of the zimmer property.
Gets the value of the haus property.
Gets the value of the bueropraxen property.
Getter for the gastgewerbe property.
Gets the value of the landundforstwirtschaft property.
Gets the value of the sonstige property.
get the value of the zinshausrenditeobjekt property
Getter for the terrain
Sets the value of the umfang.
Sets the wohnungtyp of the collaboration engine.
get country iso 2 code
Get country iso2 code from ISO3 code
get country iso 3 code
get country iso 3 code from iso2 code
Get country name by country iso2 code and language.
translate the country name of a country according to the locale
Get the value of the anbieter property.
Sets the value of the category property.
Gets the value of the pdf property.
Set the aktionart value
Sets the value of the realestateitems property.
Sets the value of the pacht property.
Upgrade from the previous version to the new one.
Gets the value of the content property.
Get the names of all fields of this type.
Sets the blick value for this object
Set the value of the pauschalmiete property.
Set the value of the monatsmiete property.
Get the parkplatz.
Sets the value of the lastenaufzug property.
Sets the value of the zustandart property.
Gets the value of the feld property
Write the contents of the table in a text format.
Returns the value at the given position or the given default value if the position is not defined.
Print each row of data in the table in a single row
Set the value at the given position. If the value is null then the position is removed from
Sets the ctype.
Set haustyp.
Gets the value of the energiepass property.
Sets the keller value
Sets the value of the grundsttyp property.
Sets the geschlecht. geschlattr value
Sets the hallentyp property.
Gets the wiederholungstermin.
Gets the teilungsversteigerung.
Upgrade from the previous version to the new one.
Get the value of bevorzugt.
Gets the value of the wunsch property.
Sets the art of the movie.
Sets the modus value for this ProposalLineItem.
Gets the value of the emailsonstige property.
Gets the value of the telsonstige property.
Set handeltyp.
Sets the value of the apisuchfeld1 property.
Sets the value of the apisuchfeld2 property.
Sets the value of the apisuchfeld3 property.
Gets the value of the row property.
Sets the distanzusport value for this ProposalLineItem.
Gets the value of the anhang property.
Get the value of objektkategorie2.
Get the value of objektzustand.
Get hauskategorie.
Get ausstattungsqualitaet.
Gets the value of the vermarktungsart property.
Gets the value of the interessent property.
Sets the wert value for this ProposalLineItem.
Sets the value of the ackerland property.
Sets the value of the bauerwartungsland property.
set the value of the bootsstaende property.
setzen des buero seleccionados
Sets the camping value for this JAXB element.
Sets the value of the doppelhaus property.
Sets the value of the einfamilienhaus property.
set the value of the einzelhandelgross property.
set the value of the einzelhandelklein property.
Sets the value of the garagen property.
set the value of the garten property
Sets the gastronomie value from a jaxbelement.
Sets the value of the gewerbe property.
Sets the value of the hotel property.
set the value of the industrie property
Sets the value of the keinebebauung property.
Sets the kleingewerbe value for this Node.
setlager - sets the lager value for this node.
Sets the mehrfamilienhaus value for this JAXB element.
Sets the value of the obstpflanzung property.
Sets the parkhaus value for this Campaign.
Sets the value of the produktion property.
Sets the reihenhaus value for this Reihenhaus.
Sets the stellplaetze value for this JAXB element.
Sets the value of the villa property.
Sets the value of the wald property.
Set the value of the anbieter property.
Gets the value of the wohnung property.
Gets the value of the grundstueck property.
Gets the value of the einzelhandel property.
Gets the value of the hallenlagerprod property.
Gets the value of the parken property.
Gets the value of the freizeitimmobiliegewerblich property.
Gets the value of the objektartzusatz property.
Gets the value of the stellplatzart property.
Sets the maxdauer value for this ProposalLineItem.
Getter for the feature property.
Sets the zimmertyp
Upgrade an openimmo document to a previous version
set the value keineangabe.
Sets the erdwaerme value for this JAXB element.
Sets the value of the solarheizung property.
Sets the value of the pelletheizung property.
Sets the value of the gas property.
Sets the value of the oel property.
Sets the fernwaerme value for this Product.
Sets the value of the strom property.
setzen des zu setzen des kohle.
Returns a random string of the given length
Returns a string consisting of random letters only.
Generates a random alphanumeric string with the given length.
Get the wohnungkategorie of this person.
Sets the benutzer value.
Sets the value of the objekte property.
Get the value of feed
Sets the moeb.
Gets the value of the serviceleistungen property.
Sets the value of the subadministrativearea property.
Sets the city.
Sets the locality.
Downgrade a new openimmo document to a previous version
Upgrade an openimmo document to a previous version
Set the landtyp of the edge.
Gets the value of the field property.
Upgrade from the previous version to the new version
Gets the value of the ad property.
Fuegt die gastgewerbe.
Sets the platzart value
Gets the value of the datenverkabelung property.
Get the enum value for klimaanlage
Gets the value of the image property.
Sets the value of the pricetype property.
Sets the new development availability.
Sets the value of the directions property.
Sets the value of the co2rating property.
Sets the value of the energyrating property.
Sets the value of the viewingdetails property.
Sets the propertystatus value.
Sets the pictures value
Sets the bebaubarnach. bebaubarattr value
Upgrade from the previous version to the new one.
Sets the value of the parkentyp property.
Sets the value of the alterattr property.
Set the value of the freizeittyp property.
Sets the telefonart value
Sets the value of the emailart property.
Setter for the overseassales property.
Set the value of the overseasrental property.
Creates a new user defined simple field.
Gets the value of the fehler property.
Sets the value of the erbpacht property
Gets the value of the stpsonstige property.
Gets the valuelist.
Set the value of the mindauer property.
Setter for the zinstyp field
Gets the value of the photo property.
Sets the metadata for the feed.
Sets the projects of the feed.
Sets the properties value for this item.
Upgrade a kyero document from a previous version
Gets the value of the immobilie property.
Getter for the list of objectekt.
Gets the value of the fehlerliste property.
Gets the value of the status property.
Setter for the sonstigetyp property
Set the value of the distanzu property.
Gets the value of the distanzen property.
Gets the value of the distanzensport property.
Determine whether the given throwable is compatible with a throws clause.
Bind a set of namespaces to a set of names.
Bind a prefix to a namespace uri.
Removes a binding.
Returns true if the current string has an opening tag that starts a letter.
If we are not in a comment and the line is not a comment token consume all comment tokens
Consume a comment line and return it.
Returns the index of the comment token in the line.
Initialize the logging for a given location.
Method startprefixmapping.
Add an iterator to the list.
Add a new option.
Adds a string option.
Adds an integer option.
Adds a long - option. See the class documentation for the full list of options.
Adds a double - valued option.
Adds a boolean option.
throws ParseException { }
returns a new instance of the class c
This method is invoked after the object is deallocated from the object database. It decrements the
Sets the target object for this event.
parses the method call and extract the target class and method name
Finds a matching method for the target method and arguments.
Convert an integer to an unsigned string representation with given shift.
Serialize an object to a byte array.
Deserialize an object from a byte array.
Get the first child element with the given tag name.
Get the text value of the first child element with the given tag name.
Return all child elements of the given element.
Returns true if the node name matches the desired name
Check if a node name matches a collection of desired names.
Sets the length of the string. If the string is longer than the specified length it is truncated
Release a previously released listener.
// do nothing }
Return true if monitoring thread alive. If not return false.
Calculates the mobile city for a given mobile number
Send a startprefix mapping event.
Send endprefixmapping event.
Adds a callback to this future.
parse the jarfile to get the itreenode
get the color of the specified item
Set the values of the rendering.
Calculate the color of the item selected in a scroll.
Set the text size.
get the x value passed into the input parameters
Get the intro of the remote library.
Get the current list of keywords.
Returns the keyword arguments for the provided string.
Get the documentation for a given keyword.
Main entry point for the tool.
Stop the server and wait for it to finish.
Start the server and accept incoming connections.
Convert properties from a file to JSON.
Convert properties from file to JSON.
Convert to JSON using the properties of the given inputstream.
property key must be string type
Convert properties map to json string
convert a map of properties to a json string
Takes a map of properties filtered by a list of required keys and a list of domain keys
Convert properties to json string
Calculate the shadow radius
Returns a new builder.
Find the intermediate for a given certificate.
{ } }
Main entry point for preprocessing Markdown files.
Substitute all the variables that match a given pattern with a given value.
Get the title from a list of strings.
Add the title to the html file.
Replace the content of a template and return the new content.
Replace the relative paths in the HTML string with the current sitebaseprefix.
Copies all files from one directory to another.
check if the path contains the current path and return the new path
} }
; }
; }
Calculate the width percentage in pixels.
Check if the views overlap.
Get the intent to launch the given activity.
Launches the activity and waits for idlesync.
Get factsheet list response
Download file from response
Build http client.
Create accesscontrolentity.
Update existing data model in the workspace
Create a full export.
API to specify the host of the token provider.
api client with client credentials.
no support for uploading large files
Get a list of bookmarks
add permissions to a graph
Set permissions for a named graph
provide the list of rulesets to use for the query
Close the connection to the remote host.
Execute a SELECT query and return an inputstreamhandle
Create a new dataset graph using the specified parameters.
Limit the number of concurrently executing threads
Use this method to resize the input image to the specified size.
Rotate the input string in degrees using the given rotation annotation.
Set the gravity of the gmoperation
strip profiles from the profile list
Set a font with a given string style and size and color.
add an image to the image
Adds an image to the command line.
Parse an object into a list of arguments. The target object can be a class or a class
Prints usage information for the given object.
Extract timeunit from string
Parse a target object and add its fields and properties to the arguments.
Execute the specified URL in the default application context
Execute a slide based on a file
Interprets a PPTX file into a list of actions.
Sorts a list of rectangles by their height and width
Render the given template with the template parameters.
Get the xml relationship for the specified slide.
check if the mouse event is inside the image bounds
The elements that overlap the specified element vertically with the specified element.
Synchronously send an outbound operation to the SQS queue.
Do the outbound operation and return the payload.
Returns the file object of the specified name.
{ return null
Returns a new key - value map containing a single entry.
Log a message at the TRACE level.
Log a trace message.
Log a debug message.
Log a debug message.
Log a info message.
Log a message at the info level.
Log a info event with two datapoints.
Log a warning message.
Log a warn message.
Log a error message.
Log a message at the error level.
Add to context line and method.
The startstenowrapper is a json generator that can be used to write the logback event
Write key value pairs.
Serialize a throwable as a JSON object to the provided JSON generator.
Returns a logvalue representation of this instance.
Returns the stacktrace element for the caller of a logging event.
Create a database in the Hive metastore
Checks that the mappings are still valid.
Returns the save attribute string of the cell or null if it is not a cell
Save data to object in context.
refresh sheet row from context
Parse save attr string.
Gets the save attribute list from the row.
get saveattr from list.
Sets the save objects in hidden column.
Sets the save attributes for all rows in a sheet.
set save attributes for all cells in the row
Get the saved context and attributes for the cell and if the fullname is available restore the original
Format a number.
Put shift attrs.
Sets the workbook to be used for evaluation.
Gets the wrapper for the evaluation of the formula and returns it
Get the formulaevaluator to be used by this cell.
Recalc maxcolcounts.
Loads a spreadsheet from the inputstream.
Load web sheet.
load a sheet by tabname
Do the export of the file.
action method for save button
Submit the dialog.
Populate the given component with the attributes of this panel.
get current sheet configuration
Reads the object from the input stream.
Gets the locale for the given uicomponent.
Use this method to get the video of the current response.
get cellhelper.
get a pictureshelper for this parent
getvalidationhandler This creates and returns a new validationhandler if the validationhandler has not been created
get charthelper.
Convert an array of shared formulas.
A recursive method that takes an array of ptg instances and converts it to an array of pt
convert ptg for watchlist.
Create a single ptg. If the ptg is a funcvarptg and the number
returns a list of all the rows corresponding to the current row given a list of rowsmappings
Assemble a list of all non - null non - null and non - null rows from
Builds a new row for a refptgbase object.
Get the background color of the current plot area.
Create an xcolor from a shapeproperties
{ return null ;
Get xcolor from ctschemecolor.
Convert an rgbclr color to an xcolor.
Returns the xcolor with an automatic fill.
Convert a xssfcolor to a color
Get triplet from xssfcolor.
Get background color from cell.
Find the component name from the class of the given component.
Populate the given component with the attributes of the given cell.
Match parameter of method.
Set object property.
Get object property value.
Sets up the control attributes for the given cell.
Find cell validate attributes.
add picture and chart to the cells picture and charts maps
Sets the style of the faces cell and adds it to the facescell
Sets the style of the given faces cell to the picture picture of the cell
Initialize the charts map from the given workbook.
Get the pie title.
Sets the style of a series in a JFreeChart.
) { }
Sets up the style for a category chart.
Initialize map of xssf charts in the workbook.
Gets chart id from parent chart
init anchors map for xssfworkbook
Generate single xssfchart
Evaluates the supplied expression engine against the supplied collection and returns the result as a collection.
Get the fullname from the row.
rebuild the upper level formulas from the cached cells
set up upper level formulas with row.
) throws Exception { // }
list of rowsmapping by full name
Change index numbers in shiftmap.
Increase the upper - level final length of a name defined in a map.
change index number in hidden column.
Sets the fullname in a hidden column.
Gets the original row number in the hidden column.
Sets the original row number in a hidden column.
Find parent rowsmapping from shift map.
Find child rowsmappings from shiftmap.
Find an item in a collection.
Builds current config range from a source config range and an insert position. The current config range
rowindex is in range of static rows only
return true if the row is a static row reference for a range
replace expression with cell value
Returns a map of cell numbers of all cells in all merged regions on the sheet
Get a list of cell addresses of the cells that are skipped from the merged sheet
Adds to the list all cells that cover the given cellrangeaddress but not the active region.
Build sheet comment from aliases.
Build a cell comment based on the aliases found in the cell
Build configuration map.
Get the sheet configuration from the sheet object
Build formcommand from sheetconfig object.
Returns the column index of the last non - blank cell on the row
Build sheet.
) { }
build command list from sheet comment
set parent for child command.
haseachcommandinthelist.
Match a configcommand to a sheet configuration form.
) { }
build command list from cell comment
Process a method line of a cell.
Processes the command line of a TS configuration file.
Move comment to map.
Create config command.
Extracts the command line parameters and parses them into a map
Get the sheetconfiguration from the configuration of a sheet.
Sets the footer of sheet configuration.
set body of sheetconfiguration
Sets the header of sheet configuration to the supplied values.
Delete a body row from the sheet.
Remove ranges listed in removefullnamelist from shiftmap.
Find remove full names list.
Get eachcommand from parts name.
empty object in the context.
Delete an object in the data context.
prepare a collection data in context.
Indexes a config range object.
row allow add boolean.
insert a template into a range of cells
Evaluate normal cells.
Evaluates a user formula.
Determines whether the specified string is a user formula.
Create cell comment.
Evaluate a boolean expression.
Remove the specified range of rows from the sheet.
Remove a single row from a sheet.
Remove cached cells from a specific row.
Removes the given rows from the body of a sheet.
Fetch the picture from the cell with the given row and column index.
get the chart id for the given row and column index
Assembles a new value from the given value object.
Get cell value with format.
Get cell value without format check.
Get cell string value with type.
Get cell string value with number type.
Set cell value.
Set cell value as string type.
Set cell value as a boolean
Set cell value as date.
Set a cell value as a number.
Copies the given range of rows from the source sheet to the destination sheet. The number of
) throws IOException { // }
) { return null ; }
Copy the value of one cell to another cell.
Copy cell style from source cell to destination cell
Clone cell comment of source cell to new cell
create comment anchor
Creates or inserts a comment for a cell.
Match comment settings between two cells.
Get xssfvmldrawing from cell
get ctshape from sourcevml.
Get cellstyle from source cell.
Convert the cell to facebook cell.
Get row and column indices from target component attributes.
Gets the initialrows from a sheet configuration.
Gets a facesrow from a toprow of a list of body rows.
Gets a facescell from a toprow and leftcol of a list of facesrows
Get a POIs cell from a sheet
Get key from poi cell.
Get or add tiecell in map.
get current data context name.
Evaluates an expression using the given context.
Evaluate the expression and return the result.
write data to the outputstream.
Removes a given row from the table.
merge a rowsmapping to this one
recover all the rows in this matrix using the provided sheet
Get charttype of a chart.
Create a new basicstroke according to the specified style
Initialize chart data from xssfchart object
Sets up the chart data.
Initialize map of anchors for all charts in a workbook.
initialize anchors map for sheet
Get the chart id associated with an anchor
Returns the id of the first child node that has the same name as one of the child node
build each object for each row in the result set.
Method savedataincontext.
( ) ; } ; }
get a POI cell with the specified row and column index from the specified sheet
Gets the facescell with the specified row and column index from the current page.
restore a full data context
get last collect result from db
Check if fullname need to be restored.
Get collection object from the current part and restore the data context
Shift row reference.
Sets the first row reference of this cell.
Sets the last row plus the ref to a cell on a sheet.
Build cells for row.
cell ) ; } catch ( final Exception e )
read json data from the inputstream
Build category list.
build series list.
build chart series in list ctser.
Get color list from dpt with value list.
Finds a data point in a list where the index is given by the index.
Sets the command index map.
Get picture truesmap from xssf worksheet
Fill a map with the picture trues in the workbook
Index picture in map.
Generate picture style string.
Generate chart style string.
Returns the pattern that will be used to match the input.
Returns the chart for the current phase.
recover the cell information from the sheet
Get row style string.
Get cell font style as string.
Get the color of a font
Gets the cell font decoration.
Get the cell style of the cell
Get the column style for the given cell.
Get the alignment from the cell style
Get verticalalignment from cell style.
Calculate the total height of the first and last row of the sheet
Sets the cell style of the given poi cell to the given rowheight if the cell has not
Get input type from celltype.
Returns the resource paths for the given path.
Convenience method for getting a resource as a inputstream.
Remove prefix path.
Returns true if the input matches the specified type false otherwise.
Find bean by name.
Join an array of shorts with a separator string
Rounds a double value to a specified number of places.
get the current tab type
Get the style of the tab.
Gets the default datepattern.
Get decimal separator by default locale.
getthousandseparatorbydefaultlocale.
set the tiecommandaliaslist json attribute for the model
Build form watchlist.
Build watchlist force l.
Add a new row to the watch list.
Judge is commandstring or not.
Parse a widget comment.
Get attribute key in map by cell.
Parse validate attributes.
Find the index of the closing bracket for a pair of strings.
Parse a string of command attributes into a hash map.
inputattrs ;
) { }
Split by eual sign.
Parse special attributes for inputs to the map.
Processes calendar attributes.
Processes cell select item attributes.
Gather special attributes.
Parses a comment for a cell and adds it to the sheet comment map.
Find the position of the first non - whitespace character after startposition.
Remove the specified number of chars from the input string.
get excel columnname.
Convert a Excel column to a numerical value.
Get cell by cell reference.
Converts a height in units to pixels.
Check if a string is a date.
Parse date in the format yyyymmdd to yyyymmdd.
Tests whether the given string is numeric.
return true if c should continue para
Sets the object property with the given name to the given value.
compare this cell to another cell
configrange insiderange boolean.
Clear all hidden columns in the sheet.
Delete all hidden columns in the row.
Delete cell from row.
Processes the given system event.
refresh after status changed.
= false ; }
validate by tiewebsheetvalidationbean.
Utility method to check the errormessage from the context object of the cell and update the cell accordingly
Validate a single cell with all rules set.
validation of cell.
Checks whether the given cell can be shown in the current page.
Checks to see if all the rows in the current page are visible
validate given row in current page.
iterate through all cells of a given row and check if they are valid with respect to the current
) { } }
refresh the cached cells of a specific row of the table
Sets the flag in the view that indicates the submit mode for the current instance.
This function is called when the prevalidation is triggered. It checks the current tabname against the
Clear all the values in this cell renderer
Load the header rows of the specified sheet.
load the header row of the excel sheet without configuration tab
If the number of columns is less than the number of columns for the parent and the number of
Get header column style string.
Get the width style string.
Get column width style name.
Initialize the tabs for the parent
return ; } }
refresh the data for the given row with the saveattrs from the row
refresh data forcell
Find tab index with name.
Load the worksheet.
Set the current tab as Workshee for the given worksheet.
Set the first page of a datatable if it exists.
Setup the rowinfo object with the given row.
Load the body rows for the specified sheet
Refresh cached formulas from the cache.
Process a refresh cell event.
Clear the existing columns and create dynamic ones.
Add a new row to a sheet which repeats the same data as previous row.
Assemble the body cells at the insert position and at the end of the range of cells
throws Exception { }
Returns true if the status is set to unsaved.
Find the common constructor of a class.
Write inputstream to outputstream using a bufferspool from the container.
Write long.
Write a string to a writer.
Set converted trafficstatstag to a format suitable for logging.
Adds a bitmap to the RRD result.
Adds a new file descriptor to the result.
Removes the parameter with the given name.
Add header to result.
Clear all the temporary variables in this request.
Call this function to play the given uri.
Bind the service to the socket.
Unbind the service.
Remove the drop listener
If the image is present on disk then do nothing.
Read the contents of the stream to a string using the specified charset.
Read the contents of the given inputstream as a string using the default UTF - 8 encoding and
Send the content out in text format.
Returns the number of bytes that can be read from this input stream.
Closes this inputstream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
{ return
{ } }
Send the start of the MIME part.
Send the disposition header.
Send the content type header.
Send the transfer encoding header
Send end of header.
Send end.
Sends the specified parts to the specified outputstream.
Returns the number of parts in the given array.
{ return null
Send the not - modified response.
Set the date header for the HTTP response
Set the date and cache headers
Sets the content type header for the given file.
Send an empty buffer and close the socket
Send the disposition header.
send the data only if the data length is equal to the number of bytes specified
install the cache
Ensure workingdirectory exists and is a directory.
get a response from the cache
newbodyinputstream filter inputstream.
Reset the background to the initial state.
Get instance of websockifysslcontext.
validatekeystore validates the given keystore with the given password.
Replaces the current scaletype with the new one.
Get the next pending intent for the service.
Disconnect a urlconnection.
Bind the service if not already bound.
Unbind the service.
Notifies about changes in the view.
// TODO } }
On accept data response.
Resets the Loader ready to read a new data chunk and release any associated resources.
wait for the loader to complete
Set text or hide a textview.
Hide softinput.
Show softinput.
Toggle softinput.
calculates the width of the image in pixels
Called when an exception occurs in a channel.
clear cache for a url
Populate image.
Method used to cancel image loading of a view
create image consumer.
Sets the image from the image result and decorates the image.
Sets the image to be loaded when the animation is started.
Start image loader task.
Add image to memcache.
Increases the reference count for the given buffer and releases it.
This method is called when a new urlconnection is prepared.
Add parameter to request
https : //bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view_bug.do
Computes the MD5 of a string.
Get the string for the given cublas_num_t.
Returns the String identifying the given cublas_status
If the given result is different to cublas_status_success and exceptions have been enabled
If the result of a native call is not success throws a cublasexception with the last
Adds a lexeme to the dictionary.
Add an ending to the frequency table
Estimates an estimate of the estimated number of occurences of a particular wordform.
Write a longdescription out to the printstream.
Verify and set kamols attribute.
remove kamols markup formatting
Get all the metrics.
Returns a map of query parameters.
Process a JSON Array and create a list of metricdata objects
Parses a json string into a list of appinfo objects.
This method is used to get the connectionconfig from the environment variables
perform the request for all apps & metrics
The codelist reader for the GC04 library.
This method returns a genericodereader object that can read a genericodedocumenttype gc04_
The columnset reader for the GC04 database.
returns a genericodereader that reads a gc10codelist document
returns a genericodereader that reads a gc10codelistset document
The columnset reader for the GC10 database.
Returns the column element id of the supplied column element.
Get a row value from a row.
Get the column with the given id
Get all key ids from the given column set and add them to the target collection
Get the key of the given id
check if the specified column is a key column
Create a new column
Create a new key from the supplied information.
set the number of lines to skip before excel reads
Add a new column
Create a genericodewriter object that writes a codelist document
Create a genericodewriter object that writes a codelistset document
The columnsetwriter of GC04.
Create a genericodewriter object that writes a gc10 codelist document
Create a genericodewriter object that writes a codelistset document
Create a new writer for the GC10 column set document type.
Create a genericodevalidator for the current genericode document type.
Create a genericodevalidator for the current genericode document type.
Create a genericodevalidator for the columnset document class
Create a genericodevalidator that checks if the genericode document type is a gc10 code list
Create a genericodevalidator that checks if the genericode document type is a gc10 codelist
Create a genericodevalidator that checks if the input is a valid GC10 columnset
send logs to server
; }
get the current log level
Capture a file from the threadpool
{ }
Prepend the metadata to the message if the message does not match the metadata.
append metadata to jsonobject if it is not null
private static final int LOG_LEVEL = 3 ;
user = user ;
Get the byte array from a file.
This method is called if the user has granted permission to start location updates.
This method increases the number of entries in a given region.
size the primary dataset of a partitioned region
size replicated or local region
Read a snapshot record.
Dump the internal state of this tracker to the given printwriter.
Return an array of time values since a given index in the buffer.
Converts the given file to a chart object.
getpoolforserver returns a pool for a JMX server. If no pool can be found
Get a pool for a pool locator
= jmx ;
Get the member with the specified name from a JMX server.
List the hosts of the specified jmx object.
Look up a network host name.
Is error and send exception boolean.
execute a function and return a collection of the results
Flatten the input collection
used by the readResolve and writeQuery methods
Create a new cachelistenerbridge for after put events.
Create a new cachelistenerbridge for after delete
Handle exceptions by passing them to the faultagent
Get the onregionfilterkeyfacts value for this key.
This example demonstrates how a function is implemented by a function.
List the hosts that the given jmx object is a member of
Use the cachefactory to get a new instance of the cacheclass.
return the application name from the resource instances
_ ) ; }
Returns the region with the given name.
Returns the region with the given name creating a new one if necessary.
This method will construct the comparison set by comparing the checksums of the source and target map.
True if a new value must be inserted before the specified time point.
close all streams and release all resources
reads all the gfstats files from the directory and writes them to cvs files
The main method. It parses the input parameters and produces the stats of the given states.
Reconnect to the JMX server
Stop all the members on a given host.
shutdown a member by name
Shutdown all members of the given JMX Instance
Shutdown the members of the specified redundancy zone
used by pagination map
Get all the results for a page from a given region.
Import a GFD region into the export service
Compares two strings containing remote locators and locators to see if they are the same.
This is the main execution method for the Bash functions.
build checksum map for a given region
Returns the value of the column with the given name.
Is the given type a typeof type?
Serialize an object to a byte array.
Deserialize an object from a byte array
Creates an instance of the given class by calling the instantiator of the class
) { }
Checks for fields in column annotation.
check whether the element has a supertype of the type.
writes generated java code to the given writer
emit getid function
Convert the query into an observable
Check column name.
Returns the specified string if it is blank otherwise returns the default string.
Returns the capitalized version of the specified string.
check if the type is a typeof type
Return a builder for descending the query.
Read temperature from file.
Get the cursor method name for the given type.
print error message with formatstring
Use this method to get all the iconfonts you can use in your application.
Get all known icons
{ return
Raise a number by a given exponent.
Set this matrix from an array of values.
Returns the integer power of a bigdecimal with a given exponent and scale.
Returns the integer root of the specified bigdecimal.
Exptaylor function.
) { }
returns the natural logarithm of the given bigdecimal
) { }
calculate the arctantaylor of x
{ return x
Prints the specified string to the standard output.
} }
Set the limits of the bar chart.
} }
}
Adds another complex number to this complex number
Subtract another complex number from this complex number.
Multiply another complex number.
Divide a complex number by this complex number.
Set this matrix from another matrix.
Returns a row vector of the matrix.
Get a column as a column vector.
Set this matrix from a 2 - d array of values
Transpose this matrix.
{ }
{ }
Multiply this matrix by a scalar.
{ }
Print the matrix to the specified printstream.
Sets the resource to display on the page.
validate coefficients for the data set
Compute the next position of the function.
Clears the internal state of the builder.
Return the raw sld representation of the given styled layer descriptor info.
Convert a rawsld to a styledlayerdescriptorinfo object.
Validate the styled layer descriptor info.
validate the string against the rawsld document
Calculate the area of the image in pixels.
Sets this to be equal to m.
Sets the matrix values to the given values.
Return the inverse of this matrix.
return }
Calculate the Euclidean norm of this matrix.
{ return }
print the decomposed matrix to a printstream
{ } }
forward substitution of y = b
back substitution of y into x
{ // TODO }
Converts a square matrix into an identity matrix.
Returns the next vonneumann.
Override to ignore iterations if this is the last iteration.
Calculate the next position using the current function.
Throws an exception if the current position is not different from the previous position.
Compute the next position using the previous function.
Check if the function at the given intervals is valid.
; }
Multiply two numbers.
Raise a number by a given exponent and power.
Override to ignore iterations if this is the last iteration.
Gets the sldmanager.
convert a long value to a char array of the specified size
Decompose the bitset.
Print this string to the specified printstream apw.
Checks the validity of a float biased exponent.
Validate a float unbiased exponent.
Validate double biased exponent.
Validate double unbiased exponent.
}
} }
Calculate the next ratio using the ratio algorithm
Prime sieve.
Calculates the factors of pn.
Override to ignore iterations if this is the last iteration.
Calculates the next functional position using the previous function.
Throws an exception if the current position is not the same as the previous position.
Sets the javafx application to be used with JavaFX.
Sets the configuration for the transformation.
Set the default configuration for the transformation.
Initialize fxml loader.
set the latitude and the longitude for the request
get host port pair inet socket address
Return the attributedefinition with the given uuid from the given list of attributedefinitions
Evaluates the given attribute definition with the given event and attribute definitions.
; }
Set the address.
This method returns a new set of names.
Query for service instances by service name
Gets a list of all collaborations that have been created by the logged in user.
Return the metadata string for decimalas
Change the password for a logged in user
Returns a list of all users on the system.
Returns an image of a user s gravatar
get gravatar for user
Populate the form values from the elasticsearch response json object
Gets the elasticsearch field type.
Create a new flowstep
Update a flowstep
Get flowstep by id
Get flowstep by step
get all steps of a flow
Delete a flowstep
Delete a flowstep
Populate a list of forms from a list of fields
closeconnection in a separate thread
{ } }
This method is called when the underlying connection is closed.
Get echo messages from the return value
Returns a list of all the personal inventory items for the logged in user
Creates a new tablerecord.
Delete a form container
Gets the formflowhistoricdata listing
get form and field history based on form container
get most recent form and field history
This method locks the form with the given formparam parameter
This method is deprecated in favor of the new unlock API. Use the parameter object as parameter to
Unlock a user s account. Available only for admin users.
creates a form container object from a resultset parameter
Convert a comma separated list of role names to a list of role objects
Create a form definition.
Update a form definition
Get form definition by id
Get form definition by name
Returns a list of all forms created by the logged in user.
Delete a form definition
returns the storage key from the given parameters
Initialize the xmemcachedclient.
Shuts down the underlying memcached client.
Try to parse a string as a long. In case of error return - num_.
convert a document to a pdf file using command line
This method is used to get a list of field values for a particular form from the cache
Create a new flowstepentryrule
Create a new flowstepexitrule
Create a new flowstepviewrule
Update flowstepentryrule
Update flowstepexitrule
Update flowstepviewrule
move a flowstepentryrule up
move flowstepentryrule down
Delete a flowstepentryrule
Delete a flowstep exit rule
Delete a flowstep view rule
) { }
Gets a listing of all userqueries within the current session.
get all roles for the current user
Get the serviceticket as a hex string of the form serviceticket - xxxx.
Create a text field with the given type and masked value
create a text field with a barcode
Create a new field with spinner type
Create a decimal slider field with the given type and parameters.
Create a new table field.
update a text field with masked values
update a text field for fluid
Update a field with decimal spinner
Update a decimal slider
Update a field for a table
Get a field by name
Get form field listing by form name and logged in user.
Get form field listing by form type id and logged in user
Delete a field
Force delete a field
get the metadata for a form field
Update a user field value
get or create an index
Create a new flow.
Update flow.
Get flow by id
Get flow by name
Delete a flow.
Force delete flow.
Update a field value
; return all }
{ return null
param ) {
close and clean the database
create a new request and put it to the new queue
getexceptionmessageverbose Format the exception message to be displayed to the user
Create a new admin user.
This method returns an access token given the code and redirect url.
get user profile by access token
param ) {
param ) { return null ; }
) { }
{
Gets the value of closeablehttpclient property.
Get path to fluid specific truststore
fluid sqlconnection.
Get the list of fluid items for a given jobview.
send form to flow
On close.
onmessage This is the method that is called when a new message is received from the server.
send a JSON object as a message
send a text message to the user
close the current user session
execute a native sql query synchronized
Request a license.
Apply a new license
Create a text field.
create a paragraphtext field
create a new route field with paragraphtext and html type
create a multiple choice selectMany field
create a datetimedate field
Update a route field with plain text type
Update a route field paragraph - text HTML
Update a route field.
Update a route field with plain decimal type
Update a route field value
Create a field value from a fluid item
Get configuration by key
get all configurations
Create a new attachment.
Get attachment by id
Delete an attachment.
Delete a specified attachment
) { }
setclassloader ( ) - sets the classloader from the path to the resource in the thread context
second part of a schema
second part of a schema - it is an error if the parent is not an xsdschema
check if the ref tag is defined
get the schema node of a schema file
rule 7 - if the parent is an xsdschema make sure that the attributes map contains the
rule 3 - if the parent is an xsdschema make sure that the ref_tag does
convert value to type if possible
create cli interface instance.
create cli instance with options.
Parse the arguments for the CLI.
Parse arguments using instance of the given options.
Use this method to build a builder with the given path.
Remove a previously added footer view.
Returns the value at the given position.
; } where
Calculate the value of 3D Gaussian noise.
Interpolate a cubic spline
Compute the scurve 5 of an input value
Sets the lower and upper bounds of the internal bound array.
Processes the specified event by finding all the plugins that can process it.
Process event.
Get the accountid of the cloudtrail event.
Whitelist rules matching the given rule entity and violation entity.
Return the serializer for the eventstream.
Creates a new file in the configured folder
Create a new directory.
break ; } }
Creates an implementation of the map interface.
Add an object to the collection.
Sets the property to the given value.
Get a string array property or a default value.
Returns the next state after a transition with the given name.
Removes all the comparablesoftreferences that are currently in the queue
Get the corresponding value for a type.
{ return
{ return null
Print the stacktrace to a given printstream.
Print the stacktrace to a printwriter.
If the object is a remote object replace it with a stub.
}
This method is used to set the task for this task instance.
Notifies the task that the task is accepted.
Called when a task is rejected.
Called when a task is started.
This method is called when a task is completed.
stop a task
{ }
Add a job to the queue.
Converts a blockingmode string to a blockingmode object.
{ return
{ }
Returns a new catalog instance
load all the system catalogs
Parse a catalog file to get the list of readers.
return ; } }
, IOException { }
This method is called when a new entry is encountered while parsing an existing entry.
Resolve the doctype from the given entity.
{ }
Resolve a system ID to the full URL.
Resolves a local URI using the catalog entries.
Make a URL absolute.
Normalize a URI reference string. Returns null if the reference string is null.
Encode a single byte as a string.
add delegate catalog entry
Create a new softvalueref instance.
Fire the given throwable to all registered throwable listeners.
{ }
If the delegate is a list list a new list is created and returned. Otherwise the delegate is
Compares the next execution time of the given timertask to the next execution time of the given
Returns the value if the node starts with the specified string or null otherwise.
Refer to the object in the list at the given index
Return the object at the given index in the list.
maintain the heap by removing objects from the queue
Adds a new entry type to the constant pool of this class.
Gets the entry type.
Returns the number of arguments of a specific entry type.
Returns the argument at the specified index.
Set context class loader for a thread
{ }
{ }
Cleanup the timeout with null as the target.
{ } }
preload urls in reverse order
{ }
Check to see if the system property handlerpkgs is set to the same value as lasthandler
Get the value of the attribute.
If the delegate set is a hashset returns it. Otherwise returns the delegate.
Make longcounter synchronized.
Make a bidirectional copy of the given longcounter.
Returns true if the current namespace is an extension namespace
} }
throws NamingException {
Return a new string obtained by substituting tokens in the string between begintoken and end
{ return null
Join an array of bytes into a single string.
The default to string conversion of an object
get the current blocking mode value
Creates the store.
Get an object from the cache.
Looks up and returns the object associated with the given key. This method does not provide access
Removes an object from the cache.
Remove all entries from the hashmap.
Returns a list of keys for which the corresponding value is true.
Set the resolution of the image. The default is 2.
Peek the next entry for the given key without removing it from the queue.
Get children elements by tag name.
Returns the unique child of the element by tagname.
Get the first optional child element with the given tag name. If element is null or no such
Returns the content of the given element. If the element has no content it returns the defaultstr
Get the content of the first unique child of the given element that has the given tagname.
Get the content of the first optional child element with the given tag name. If the element does
{ }
Sets the current blocking mode to the specified name.
Sets the blocking mode to the specified name.
Execute a task using the executor
Resolve an external system ID using the resolver.
Resolves an external public id to a local public id.
Create a resolver object from a resolver string
append elements from one vector to another
Resolve all the waywards for a given system ID.
Resolve a system ID using the system reverse algorithm.
Given a local system id this method will return a mapping of all the local system ids to the
read the specified file into the given catalog object
{ } }
Connect to the file. If the file is already connected then do nothing.
Returns a stream to which data can be written.
Helps out a deletion when the current node is also a child of a deletion node.
Get the valid header value.
create a snapshot of the entry
create a logger for the class
Append a list of objects to the buffer.
Returns the class name without the package
Return the string representation of the implementation.
Iterate over the names of the security properties.
Get property group.
{ } }
Makes a copy of an object using serialization.
Dereference an object that is of a given type. Returns null if the object is null or
Initialize the JNDI context
If the name matches a property from the context then update the JNDI cache.
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map optionally including defaults.
Returns a Set containing all the elements in this map and the defaults.
Removes a property listener.
Notifies all property listeners about the addition of a property to the list.
Notifies all property listeners of the given property removal event.
Notifies all the listeners about the given property changed.
{ }
Returns a new property name with the given base and prefix.
Load the properties from the property reader. The reader is not closed by this method.
Loads the property reader for the given classname.
Get the propertygroup for a given index of a property
Gets the entityresolved.
Return the input source for the given system identifier.
Resolve systemidasurl to an inputsource
Return the input source for a class path or classfile.
Converts an input string into a Document and sets the value of the current element to the input text
Normalize a string.
Protect a URN
Decode a URN to get the public id.
replaces all occurrences of oldstr with newstr
Starts the timer.
Stop the timer and return the elapsed time
Make a stopwatch that is synchronized.
Compares to another object.
Calculates a hashcode from a given byte array.
Generate a hashcode from the given array.
Creates a new empty FIFO.
} }
get the next token from the input stream
Initializes this class. System property is set as system property.
Adds a new vertex to the graph. If the vertex already exists in the graph it will not
Set the root vertex of the tree.
Removes a vertex from the graph.
Do a depth first search starting at the vertex v and call the provided visitor with that vertex and
Depth - first search algorithm to find the spanning tree of a vertex.
Find a vertex in this graph with the given data.
Find all cycles in the graph
Normalize a string.
Parse the given XML string and return the root Element This uses the document builder associated with the current
Parse the content of the given XML stream as an element.
Parse the input source into a W3C DOM element.
Create an element in the owner document
Resolves a qualified name into a Qname.
Copy attributes from the srcelement to the destination element
True if the given node has at least one direct child element or not.
Returns an iterator of all child elements of a given node.
Get the text content of a node.
Returns an iterator of all the child elements of the given node or null if the node has no
Returns the parent element of the given node or null if node is not a parent element.
Add a resource waiting for a transaction to complete.
Read a URL to a catalog.
get host address
{ return null
) { }
Try to describe this class in the stringbuffer.
Strips the package name from the class name
get the package name from the given classname
Forces loading of the given class. If the class is null then this method will throw a null
Returns the corresponding primitive wrapper for a primitive type.
Collect all interfaces of a class and all superclasses.
Returns all the unique interfaces of a class.
Checks if the class is a primitive wrapper.
Instantiate a class based on a property. If the property is a string the class will be loaded
Returns the getter for a given attribute string.
get an attribute setter method for a class.
This method converts the name of a class to a java class with a no - arg constructor.
This method is used to retrieve a system property
= null ;
Maintain the set by removing stale entries.
Returns an iterator over the elements in this set. The elements are returned in no particular order.
create a urllister instance for the given protocol
Return a set containing all the entries in this group.
) { }
; }
) { return }
{ } }
Register property editor.
{ return null }
Get the context classloader for the given thread.
If the given throwable is an applicationdeadlockexception returns that exception. Otherwise returns null.
Schedule a timeout for the given time and the given target.
do work on the queue if the cancelled flag is set
Use an existing context and a new one with the given name.
Lookup a object in the context.
Checks an object to see if it is assignable from the given class and if it can be
Appends the class and its interfaces to the given string buffer
Get an allowed transition by name
Read the property file.
Queries the verbosity of the output. The verbosity can either be specified as a system property or
Queries the resource file to see if the catalog is relative. If the file does not exist
Queries the external property file for the catalog files.
Get all the catalog files from the database
Queries the user for the preferred version of the public version
Queries the usestaticcatalog value to see if the current string is in the system s property
Resolve the entity from the public or system id
Resolve a relative URL to a full URL.
Make an absolute URI. If uri is not absolute it is made absolute.
Resolves the class for the given objectstreamclass.
} }
Get the local name of the given element.
Gets the attribute with the given prefix from the given node.
Get the URI of the given element.
Returns a list containing the elements returned by the specified enumeration in the order they are returned by the
Returns an inputstream to read the given file.
Load a properties file into a properties object
Read properties.
add an edge to the graph
Adds an outgoing edge to the graph from a given vertex to another.
Adds an incoming edge from a given vertex at given cost.
Checks if the given edge is already present in the graph.
Removes the edge < t > e from the graph. If the edge is already present in the
Finds an outgoing edge to the given vertex.
Find the edge associated with this node.
Returns the cost of the edge from this to the given destination vertex. If the destination vertex is
Jar file.
Returns true if there are more values available.
Fire an event to all registered listeners
Install the jvmtype provider.
Sends an action to be executed on the JavaFX application thread.
Returns a stream of actions of a particular type.
Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream that match the given rights stream.
Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream that match exactly one of the supplied rights
Gets the allowrobots attribute of the current page.
Verifying that the instruction is generated correctly.
Get the sum of degree of the words in the trie
Class constructor arguments.
Use the provided resource loader to load UTF - 8 data from the database.
{ }
Returns a list of all the instances of the given class.
create simpledriverdatasource with databaseid and connect with url driverclassname and username and password
Execute some SQL on the specified database
Execute a query with the given SQL statement
Use the given example as filter in the query
on upgrade.
Backs up the table. Returns true if the table was modified.
Restore a table from a database using a specified suffix
Set the empty text for this list view.
Dump the contents of a SQLite database to a CSV file using the provided suffix.
Unescape csv.
Get a list of all the values in a row of a csv file
convert string to map
Convert a map to a CSV string
} }
} }
read from index databasemodel csv file
write to index file
return ; } }
create basedaomodel instance for model entity
Returns the type of the parameter.
Use the given suffix to import a CSV file into the given database
backup all tables to a csv file using the specified suffix
restore all tables from a csv file using the suffix
Write the index file to disk
Creates a query from this template and all the parameters
Executes the query and returns the typedquery.
Render the query into a string.
Delete the given id from the table
Persist an object in the store.
Update an object in the database
Add a NOT IN clause.
Add a subquery with the specified LHS predicate.
returns the next stack in the linked list
} }
Add plan with planbindings.
return the plan that match the given election policy
Randomly selects plan with the same number of variables.
set plan variables based on the result at the choice index
Returns the result at the given index in the set of results
Return parent ids of this node.
Returns a copy of the children of this node.
Grows a given byte array by the given amount.
Create a new logger
Move the current position one step forward.
Set the goals stored in a byte array
Prints the string in the console and waits for user input.
Initialize the number of agent pools and number of cores.
Initialize intention selection threads
start intention selection threads
Shutdown all intention selection threads
Register a new JILL extension
Reset the static variables to their default values
{ } }
return false ; }
Add agents to the catalog.
Loads a class and checks if it is assignable from the classtype
Loads an extension from the specified class name.
{ }
Prints usage information.
Parse the command line arguments.
Parse string and option.
Evaluates the given query using the given agent and log the result
Returns the object at the given index.
Find object by name
Push an object onto the object stack.
Gets the idx th entry in the array.
}
Returns the object at the top of the stack and removes it.
Get the type of the object
Returns true if the belief and the query match.
Main method for testing this class.
get bytes from a string
Post a goal onto the goal queue.
Post a goal message to an agent
Queue a goal message for execution.
Returns a copy of the goals list.
Convenience method to create a new beliefset with the given name and fields
Add a new belief by tuple to this beliefset.
Evaluate the given query using the current state of the belief
Suspend this agent.
Get field by name
registers a number of neighbours in the belief set
Builds a random name
This is the thread that will actually do the work of removing entries from the map
Check if the stack is valid or not.
Remove finished agents from the active list
{ return false }
Shutdown the pool
{ }
) { }
; }
{ }
}
returns true if all the pools are idle
Calculates the poolid for a given agent id.
Picks and returns the currently used expression.
Sets the expression.
Create a path expression from the given joined attribute
Recursively join properties starting from the given index and ending with the given join
Find or create a join for the given property in the FROM clause.
return false ; }
Get the uploadstream part of the request.
Override handlerequest in order to perform processing for this servlet.
Test if this request has the given parameter set with the given name and value.
Get the value of a parameter
{ }
Transaction Manager config.
Get the target file for the given artifact and filename
write the specified artifact to the specified generatedfile.
Implement the postprocessing method to set field values on an instance using reflection
get the declared constructor from an implementation class.
Build the string representation of the descriptor including the name of the implementation class interface classes and the instance
Get interface method corresponding to the given method.
return LIST ; }
Returns a reference to the first dependency of the given type that was registered by the host managed class
} }
Set default links for a resource.
Sets the default link template for the specified rel. If the href is null the link template will
Extract links from the response.
Handle header links.
linktemplates is a map of links to linktemplates for the jsonnode in the body
objectnode link
Get the value for the given key or create a new one if it does not exist.
Set the allowed methods based on the capabilities from the response.
Checks if a method is allowed by the resource descriptor.
register instanceprocessor.
method for registering an instance factory of a type
register a new instanceprocessor to this classloader.
register a new classprocessor or check if it s already registered
Adds an argument to the list.
Returns a list of the targetfiles to be created.
To xml string.
Initialize producer with context and vars.
Checks if the given template file has a reference to the given template file.
create a parameterizedtemplatemodel from a reader.
create a parameterizedtemplatemodel from a file
Sets the request path for the HTTP method.
Return a stoppableobservable that contains all the entities for the given range. The returned
Returns the object created by this factory for the given string
Set a field value from a context property.
add capture to logger
remove appender.
clear capture information for the given appendername for the logger
This method is used to parse the model from a text file.
Resolve all proxies.
Get the files in a directory.
Recursively parse a directory.
Check if the resource is modelfully resolved. A modelfully resolved resource is one that has all
Find all notifiers in a resource set.
Sets the model directories.
Sets the fileextensions.
Set model resources.
Read next line and split it into parts.
Sets the designated parameter to the given String array.
Convert a string to an object of a given class.
Merge the generated file with the template.
Returns the canonical model directory.
Get template directory.
Serializes the object to an outputstream.
Start the factory
return ; } }
print qwebview to terminal
Read data from the inputstream and write to the outputstream.
This method gets an instance of this interface and uses it to invoke the method.
) { }
Detach this adapter from it's container. This adapter will no longer be used and it
Return the cookies for the request.
Dump the request
containerspi managed methods
Configure this handler using an eventstream configuration.
Sets the remote host to connect to.
Returns the value of the given parameter as an object of the given type.
Removes the prefix from the path
Returns the common parent of the two directories.
Convert absolute path to relative.
Convert relative path to absolute.
Returns the number of directories in the path.
dump the error to the logger
send json object
add paramtemplate to model
add paramtemplates to this model
init all parameterizedtemplates with the context and vars
Find all templates which have references to the template file.
Enables or disables the save button
delete the selected item
Invoked when the target of the upload is deleted.
Creates an instance of a managed class.
Get an array of all files in the ResultCollection in ascending order of fitness.
Get summary of the results
Generate a row of summary table.
get the subdir summation row for a file.
Load a new instance of the interface.
Gets the class object for the setup routine.
Returns a list of model directories created from the model path.
Returns a list of all model resources.
Set the list of candidate entities for the query.
load xml file from the inputstream using the specified loader
Displays the error message for the given exception.
Tells if the given formal parameters are an object type.
Read a JSON request and parse its contents into an array of objects.
json string to object
Extract parameter value from fitcell.
Gets the hints for all the functions in this query
Indicates if the request is an XHR request.
Indicates if the request is for an Android application
Handle an element event.
Get all properties that have a particular annotation.
Returns the annotation of the given type for the given property or null if not found.
Log a message at severe level.
lookup a domain name with a given timeout
check if there is a parser for the given whoishost
Get a managed class from a containerspi interface.
Get a remotely accessible managed method.
Process not contains exceptions.
Process notcontains.
Serialize a httpservletresponse to a outputstream.
get a cookie by name
Add new cookie with given name and value.
Remove a cookie by name
Returns an iterator over the cookies in this response.
Get targetfilelistproducer.
Adds a field to the constant pool of the given type.
Compile the class.
Verify a response
Get the value of a file.
Ensure that the path ends with a trailing slash.
get httpservletrequest from context
This method is called when a proxy method is invoked. It checks if the proxy is a transaction
) throws Throwable {
This method executes a readonly transaction on the local resource.
Returns an array of files in the directory.
Returns the last file in the directory.
get concrete config.
Returns true if requestpath starts with pathcomponent.
Returns a list of artifact factories that are assignable from the given model type.
get httpsession from request context
Serialize this httpservlet response to a httpservlet response.
Get the current meta - data of the database
{ } }
Close the statement at the end of the test.
For Spring 4 and newer IDEs this method is called in the predestroy method of
Handle allowed methods.
This method is called when the user chooses to upload a file.
delete a endpoint
Extract the column parameters from the given fit row.
Returns an array of the command line arguments that were passed to the script.
Add the periodictask to the queue.
Add a timeout to the timeout task.
throw exception ; }
Returns the next file in the iteration.
{ }
Prints the welcome message.
print stopped banner
Creates a new instance of the chameria class
register shutdown hook.
Trigger the tray notification
Trigger the endpoint.
Insert a new fitrow to the end of the result set and replace the old with the new
Get the counts for all of the results in this list
setter for score - sets
getter for variants - gets
setter for variants - sets
getter for questiontype - gets
setter for questiontype - sets
getter for token - gets
getter for deplabel - gets
setter for deplabel - sets
getter for semantictype - gets
setter for semantictype - sets
getter for sections - gets
setter for sections - sets
indexed getter for sections - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for sections - sets an indexed value -
getter for uris - gets
setter for uris - sets
getter for types - gets
setter for types - sets
getter for targettype - gets
setter for targettype - sets
getter for rank - gets
setter for rank - sets rank of the document O
gets the query string C
setter for querystring - sets
getter for candidateanswers - gets
setter for candidateanswers - sets
indexed getter for candidateanswers - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for candidateanswers - sets an indexed value -
getter for query - gets Query
setter for query - sets Query
getter for hitlist - gets
setter for hitlist - sets
indexed getter for hitlist - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for hitlist - sets an indexed value -
getter for abstractquery - gets
setter for abstractquery - sets
getter for searchid - gets
setter for searchid - sets
setter for docid - sets
getter for offsetinbeginsection - gets
setter for offsetinbeginsection - sets
getter for offsetinendsection - gets
setter for offsetinendsection - sets
getter for beginsection - gets
setter for beginsection - sets
getter for endsection - gets
setter for endsection - sets
getter for aspects - gets
setter for aspects - sets
getter for triple - gets
setter for triple - sets
getter for sourcerelation - gets
setter for sourcerelation - sets
getter for subject - gets
setter for subject - sets
getter for predicate - gets
setter for predicate - sets
getter for isobjuri - gets
setter for isobjuri - sets
getter for operator - gets
setter for operator - sets
getter for operatorargs - gets
setter for operatorargs - sets
getter for concept - gets
getter for score - gets score of this Concept.
getter for text - gets
setter for text - sets
getter for id - gets
setter for id - sets
getter for name - gets
getter for abbreviation - gets
setter for abbreviation - sets abbreviation of the Concept
setter for concept - sets
getter for variants - gets
setter for variants - sets
getter for namedentitytypes - gets
setter for namedentitytypes - sets
getter for concepttype - gets
setter for concepttype - sets
getter for occurrences - gets
setter for occurrences - sets
getter for concepts - gets
setter for concepts - sets
getter for originaltext - gets
setter for originaltext - sets
getter for args - gets
setter for args - sets
getter for label - gets
setter for label - sets
Returns the index of the first clear bit starting at the index specified. - 1 is returned if
Sets the bit at specified index.
Free the memory used by a bytebuffer
Creates a new cache value instance.
Rehash the array to a new size and keep the old objects with the same hashcode
Return the helvetic notation of the monomer
Check if brackets are opened and closed
parse the details out of the string
Make ahelm2 representation of this transformation
add a new element to the group
Check if the given polymerid is valid
Check if the polymerid is connected
Check if the string contains details related connection strings
Check whether the string is a valid group identifier
Checks if the given string contains a pattern that matches the pattern.
This method returns true if the polymer is a peptide orrna of the input string
Method to convert the object to json format
get a simple polymer from the molecule
get the last groupingnotation from the list
print the helm2 representation of the object
convert polymer to helm2 format
Use tohelm2 a new string
groupingtohelm2 ( ) -
Help method for getting the annotation in helvetica format
Get the list of polymer and grouping ids
This method returns the polymer with the given id
polymerelements is either a rnaentity or a peptideentity
} }
Sets the annotation for the node.
Set the number of occurrences of this number field.
Decide which monomernotation to use based on the input string.
method to decide which monomernotation in a group
method to decide the correct helmentity from a string
Returns the value of the GF2Polynomial.
This method parses a Helm2 string and executes the parser on it.
= null ;
Define ambiguity based on the input string
Get thread statistics.
Creates a new adigraph from the given edges.
create an adigraph from a collection of nodes and a collection of edges
Initialized the internal map of paths.
Returns a list of nodes in a graph ordered by their reachability.
Subscribe to a event.
Returns the number of subscribers that match the given pattern
Unsubscribe a pattern
Return data via synchronous or sync request.
Send a return message to a remote process
This method blocks until a new request is received or the specified timeout expires. It returns true if
Send the complete shutdown message to the peer.
Checks whether a throwable needs to be checked for non - local handling.
unlock the runstate
Create a new worker thread
try to add a worker if it is the same as the given ctl
= true ; }
Deregister worker.
Continue adding WorkQueues to the front of the queues
( ) ;
) return false ;
The common submittedterqueue if any.
Returns the number of external workqueues to be performed
Submit a non-blocking task for execution
Make a common pool for all the threads
Get the value if the current status is greater than the timeout.
Convert a JSON code to a string using the ajsonserhelper.
get worker thread statistics
Create a list from an array of elements.
Reverses the elements in this alist.
Iterates over the collection applying the predicate to each element and returns true if the collection contains all
Returns the results of applying a function to all elements of the collection.
Folds the elements of the given collection to the right using the supplied starting value.
Push a task onto the queue.
Create a nullable option from a nullable value.
Return a new alonghashmap initialized from the given iterables.
Returns an empty map for the given equality.
Create a new alistmap by using the provided equality and elements.
Create a listmap from the given key - value pairs using the provided equality function.
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map. The set is backed by the map
Normalize the name of a resource so it can be used as a resource name.
Converts the object v to a string.
Return a new CharSequence containing a subsequence of this sequence.
Returns a binary search function for a given list.
Returns a binarysearch algorithm that searches a list using the given comparator and returns the index of the
Asynchronously sends a message to the email.
Bind a routebinding to this handler
Bind a filterbinding with this handler.
Add a role to the list of roles.
Gets the int representation of the given long.
Removes duplicates from a string array
Create a string that is a like the given string.
This method is used to execute the action specified by this class.
Login a user with a password
get the current login user from the session
Compare a plain password with a salt.
Save or delete a member in a cookie
Generate a unique key for the login
Find the user for a cookie with a given uuid.
Binds the request to the specified path.
Get a long from a request parameter or the default value
Log a debug message.
Get caller informations from stacktrace
Converts char array into byte array by stripping the high byte of each character.
Converts a charsequence to a byte array.
Converts an array of bytes into an array of character primitives.
Convert a charsequence to an ASCII byte array.
Lookup a locale data object from a locale code.
create a promise that will execute in the given number of seconds
Crops an image to a specific location.
Schedule invocation for a given number of milliseconds.
threadsafe version of the direct invocation.
get restoperations.
Renders the ajax error message.
Render the ajax forbidden message.
Processes the given template string.
Parse the path into the actionpath and the rest.
Render the datatables.
Render empty datatables.
Sets the list of items in the Combobox.
Redirects the request to the given URL.
Returns a list of all instances of this type binding in the injector.
Returns the name of the current method.
Try to compact memory.
Propagate a metrics instance to the local metrics collection
Encode string.
Copies all data from the inputstream to the outputstream
Copies the data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Copies the inputstream to the output writer using the default encoding
Copies the reader to the writer.
Read characters from a reader and write them to a writer.
Write reader to outputstream using the default encoding.
Copies the content of a reader to an outputstream.
Compare two inputstreams for equality
Compares two reader to determine if they are the same.
Applies the function to each object in the pipeline.
Get the sql for a given group name and sql id.
unmarshal a string to an instance of a given class
Unzip a. zip file to a directory
Returns an instance of the permission dialog fragment for the given permbean.
Override onresume to add a key listener to the dialog
Register converter for core value type.
Returns true if the given value matches the regular expression.
returns if a value is mobile
isphone checks a value if it is a phone number
isbirthday returns true if string argument represents a valid date.
Checks if value is a URL.
Apply the configured pipeline to the incoming http servlet request and response.
Encodes the given string as base64. The string is converted to bytes using UTF - 8
Decode a base64 - encoded string.
Converts a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
Read properties from an inputstream.
read content from inputstream to string
Reads the content of the file and returns it as a string. The file is closed before
Writes the byte array to a file.
Recursively copies the contents of a directory to a file.
Serialize a document to a string.
Get a document from a file.
Create a new XML document from the input source
Get a DOM document from the inputstream
validsignature This method validates the signature of the document using the public key given
sign xml document with rsa publickey and rsa privatekey
Returns true if the given class is cache - safe in the given classloader.
Returns true if the given class is an array of primitives.
Returns true if the given class is an array of primitive wrappers.
If the given class is a primitive class returns the corresponding wrapper type instead.
Check whether a type is assignable from another type.
Checks if a value is assignable from the given type.
Gets all interfaces implemented by the given instance.
Gets all interfaces that an object implements.
write to temp file
Extracts the template variables from the given URI.
Adds a permission and message.
bind a implementation to an extensionpoint
Return the builtin object for the given type.
Return the primitive value for a primitive type.
Attempts to convert the given object to the given type. Returns null if unable to convert or
Converts a user defined value type to the correct type.
Parse the query parameter and return the value or null if the parameter does not exist.
Parse a cookie parameter.
Parse the session attribute for the given name.
Initialize database sources from configuration.
Sets a parameter for the transformation.
Set a parameter for the query.
Show the permission dialog
returns true if all values of the array are granted
Returns true if any of the values passed in are denied.
Finds a list of records by a SQL SELECT statement.
Finds the first record matching the sqlselect.
Check if a model is new.
Checks if a method declares an exception.
Traverse the queue and extract all softvalues.
Overrides the put method of the MapHandler interface
Determines if the given string matches the given pattern.
Read the arguments for the class.
Returns the protobufentity annotation of a class or null if it is not present.
Return true if the class is aprotbufentity.
Get all the protbuffields of a given class
Returns the getter name for the given field of the given protobuf attribute
Returns the name of the setter for the given field of the given protobuf attribute.
get current thread s object mapper
get jsonfactory from thread
Serialize an object to JSON.
Sets the borders of this rectangle to the specified values
retrieves user record from database.
Copies all attributes from the source object to the target object. If the target object is a
Copies all attributes from the JMX attribute value list into the target object.
Add this application to a frame.
Save the token to the persistent storage
Returns the access token.
Get the default classloader
Gets the URL of the resource with the given name.
Obtains a resource as a stream.
Returns a stream for reading the specified class.
Initialize this URI from another URI instance.
Initialize the scheme for this URI from a URI string spec.
Initialize a path from a URI specification string.
Sets the scheme. If the scheme is not valid it throws a malformeduriexception.
Sets the userinfo value for this URI. If the userinfo value is null then the host
Sets the host of this URI.
Set the port number of this URI.
Append to the current path of this URI. If the current path does not end in a slash
Sets the query string for this URI.
Sets the fragment value for this URI.
Get the URI as a string.
create a prepared statement with a given sql and parameters
Initializes the applet.
Get the muffin for a parameter as a string.
Set the muffin for a parameter as a string.
Returns the current contents of the clipboard. If the clipboard is disabled this method returns null.
This method is used to set the clipboard contents.
Load all services of a given type
Sets the service parameters for the given operation
Get all service parameters for the given parametrizedoperation
Finds a parametrizedservice by its id.
Find service by class t.
Parse the query response and return the object or null if there was an error.
Returns an iterator that can be used to traverse the elements of this stream. < p > The
Get the encoding of a string. The encoding is the first character of the string.
Get a new connection proxy that wraps the given connection.
Get authorization from the user.
implement the visitor to accept the package declaration
Visit a class declaration. This is the primary focus of the visitation. From here interesting information
Visit an executabledeclaration. This method will be called for every node in the tree that is a
{ return null }
Create a filter of the given modifier collection
Create a filter that only matches declarations of a given type.
Create a new filter that returns true only if the declarations match both this and the specified filter.
Returns a filter that accepts the union of this filter and the specified filter.
Returns the current contents of the internal map if the map has not been initialized yet. This method
Make the given constructor accessible.
objectqueryinfo result
Return a new string that is the same as origin but with all the forward slashes replaced by
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Get the list of indexes for the given name.
{ return sql ; }
Convert a collection of non - protobuf entities to a collection of protobuf entities
Set a field value for a protobuf field.
Sets a POJO field value.
Tells whether or not the given file pathname is accepted by this filter.
Returns a new proxy instance for the given resultset.
Convert a list of labels to a map of expectedlabels.
Get the generic supertype at the given index.
} } }
= false ; }
Returns the declared field of the given class. This method will recursively search the class hierarchy to find
Gets all declared methods of a class and all of its superclasses.
Get the declared method for a class.
Get all methods that have a particular annotation.
Get constructors that are annotated with the given annotation class
Dumps a byte to stdout.
Returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified substring between the specified indices.
Returns a new string that contains all characters from the chars string except those contained in the chars string
{ }
Initialize audit classname.
init message queue.
Initialize password validator.
Initialize password authenticator.
Resolve locale code string from locale.
Returns the localeinfo object for the given locale code.
Create a statement proxy that wraps the given statement.
Removes all of the elements from this deque. The deque will be empty after this call returns.
Removes the top element from the stack and returns it.
Make an inputstream from a file.
Parse the command line parameters into the properties object
Returns true if tokens match pattern tokens.
Move the line
Returns true if this rectangle encloses the specified rectangle.
Check if a point is contained in the polygon.
Return the intersection of this rectangular and the given other. If the two rectangles do not intersect
Computes the union of this rectangular with the specified other rectangular.
Replaces the x values of the current rectangular with the x values of the other rectangular.
Returns a new rectangular that is the same as this one but with the y coordinates of the given
Returns the number of columns of the given column.
Returns the number of rows in a given row.
Calculates the bounds of the cell of a given relative coordinate.
}
}
Unwrap a throwable. Recursively searches for the invocationtargetexception and undeclaredthrow
Main method to start the system. This is the entry point to the JVM shutdown hook.
Notifies the object that the code has been updated.
Copies and resizes the given codebuffer to fit the new contents of the given codebuffer
init ( ) ; }
Partial copy of this queryparameter but with some of the values excluded.
= child ;
}
;
method to add functor body to the functor body
Adds the instructions to the instruction list of the parent. If this is the first instruction of the
{ }
{ } }
Updates the present flag of all components.
Create a new instance of the type.
Returns true if the given term should be evaluated by this predicate
Optimize a list of instructions
) { }
Override this method to perform the service.
start execution of the tag
Render the button
Reset the classifier to its initial state.
{ }
; }
; }
{ } }
}
{ }
; }
{ }
return null ;
Returns true if the primitive type can be assigned to the wrapper type.
{
{ }
{ }
) { }
internal unification of two terms
{ }
Returns the maximum number of arguments in a functor clause.
( ) { }
Gather the position andoccurrence information for the given clause.
; }
} }
Convert a bytebuffer to a string.
}
Sets the string value of this attribute.
Read a single term.
; }
Checks whether the given class is a subclass of the given class that is assignable from the given
Determines if a type is a subtype of another
return true ; }
tries to find the class with the given name
create a new instance of the given class
Create a new instance of the given constructor with the given arguments.
) throws Throwable {
return null ;
Invoke a static method.
Get the constructor of a class by its name.
Find all matching setters of a property
get a transactional queue
the transactional variant of getrequeue
{ }
}
{ } }
Add a supported timezone alias.
add a new alternate dimension to the table with a given tzname
Adds the dimension table to the database.
Finds all free variables that match a given query.
Finds all free non - anonymous variables that match a given query.
compare the two searchnodes by their hamming distance
throws IOException {
This method reads the data from the input stream and converts it to a string.
Creates a new search node for the given state.
generate trace indent string
Is the given term the last body term in an argument position only?
) { } }
Returns a functor object with the given name and arguments.
Returns a new variable instance with the given name.
use this method when you have an error while processing the request
; }
Sets the texture for this gradient paint
The Paintimmediate method allows a repaint to be performed in a single-threaded manner
Create a buffered image of the specified type.
Create a binary image using the raster data.
Creates a new surface that will be filled with image data.
Set the algorithm to use for the queue search
main entry point to the prolog parser
{ }
Parse a list of terms.
the functor name
variable : := variable name | variable_name
integer_literal : := INTEGER | INTEGER_LITERAL
Doubleliteral : := floating_point_literal
string_literal = string_literal | quote_string
This is a convenience method for the more common case of reading a single directive off the stack.
Interns a new operator in the operator table.
{ }
Consumes a token from the source and returns it if it is of the given kind.
peek and consume the next token if the current token is of the given kind
{
}
Collect an iterator s elements into the provided collection.
Calculate the number of ticks from the time of day.
; }
Set the ticks to the given number of hours.
Set ticks to the given number of minutes.
Set ticks to the given number of seconds.
Returns the number of ticks with a year set to the given year.
Returns the number of ticks with the given month set to the given month.
Returns the number of ticks with a date set to the given date.
; }
Read some bytes from the source.
Returns the entry for the given key. Returns null if there is no such entry.
{ return entry
{
{ }
; }
; }
; }
Returns an instance of wamresolvingnativemachine
Returns an iterator over the elements in this stream. The returned iterator is a snapshot of the state
Returns the expected number of false positives based on the provided probabilities
Computes the pfor distribution function for the given counts.
Set the ticks of the calendar.
return null ; }
Returns a new url with the given url specification.
Return the request information as a string.
Return a string containing a table of the headers.
Gets the cookies for the current request.
get all the parameters in a structured format
get the request scope as a table
Get the page scope
get the session scope of the current session
get the application scope
{ return
Start Tag.
Convert a table to HTML table
= state ; }
}
compare the two searchnodes by their f value and return a negative integer if the first is greater
Sets the values of the registers to the values in the given internal registers.
Notifies all registered listeners of the given property changes.
; }
check if the current context is a toplevel functor
; }
Get the fixity of the symbol based on its associativity.
Returns true if the feature is infix.
compare this opsymbol to another object
This method gets called when a bound property is changed.
{ }
{ }
create a component factory for a class
Get the storage cell for this variable binding.
; return true ;
Sets a column attribute. If the column does not exist yet it will be created.
Sets a row attribute. If the row does not exist yet it is created.
Get column attribute or null if out of bounds
Get a row attributeset or null if the row does not exist
Internal method to insert a row.
) { }
Create a new instance of the type.
{ }
This method creates a positional context for the given term if it is not created already
Updates the registers of the heap to match the given memory layout
Get the value of the variable.
{ return null }
) ; }
{ }
; }
Reads the next number of bytes from the source.
skip over the specified number of bytes
= null ; }
Read an int from a byte array at a specific offset
Writes an int to a byte array at an array offset
Write an integer into a byte array at an offset
Reads a 24 bit integer from the byte array at the given offset.
Read a short from a byte array at a specific offset
Writes a short to a byte array at an offset
{ return null }
{ } }
}
}
Sets the value of this attribute to the given type.
Convert a list to an array using the specified delimiter.
convert a string array to string list
Returns a camelcase version of the input.
list the handlers and append to the buffer
Returns a new callpoint for the given functorname or null if the functorname is
setcodeaddress ( int offset, int length ) ;
{ }
}
Returns the attribute value at the specified level.
Get the last value on the path.
{ }
{ } }
) { }
Calculates modulo with respect to bucketsize.
add a custom error message to the list
{ } }
{ return null }
Compares two elements in the order of partial orderings
{ return null ; } }
Converts an integer into a 256 bit log base 2 integer.
Convert an integer into a human - readable base 2 log number.
log base 10 v2 int
log base 10 v3 int
Returns the integer log base 10 of the specified value.
log base 10 v2 int log base 10
Get character count for a 32 bit integer.
Returns the number of characters in the string value encoded for the given number of characters.
Returns the number of characters in a decimal number of a given scale.
Sets the head function and instructions for the basic block.
exception { } }
{ }
}
@ Override ; }
}
; }
} }
}
{ }
{ }
{ return
Leave a functor in the functor lattice.
; }
; } }
Create a queue of search nodes with the largest value.
clean up the resources used by this object
Append the given loggingevent to the output stream.
This method fires the connector if it is not already started
Initialize the printers for this query.
= null ;
Rollback transaction.
) { }
Adds the given cached write operation to the cache for the given transaction. If the cache does not
{ } }
; }
= this ; }
This method is called when the ruleset is entered. It returns whether the ruleset was processed
Insert an element into the queue waiting up to the specified wait time for space to become available if
Returns the element at the head of the queue waiting up to the specified wait time for another element
{ } }
Returns the next object from the source iterator.
Get the value of a property as a boolean.
Get the value of a property as an integer. If the property is not defined returns null.
Get the value of a property as a long.
this is the function that will be called when the mixin is invoked.
add a new inclusivenodevisitor to process all variables in a ruleset
Traverse from the given searchnode down to the root until the searchnode is found.
This method is used to get the byte code for a callpoint.
{ } }
) { }
} }
{ }
Get attribute value.
Put the attribute value into the map.
{ }
{ }
}
creates a new searchnode from the given state
Allocate a new queue with the initial capacity for the tree and the current number of nodes
Creates a new termwalker that will use the default DepthFirstBacktrackingsearch instance
Creates a termwalker that only visits terms that the specified unarypredicate evaluates to true.
Returns a new termwalker that will use the supplied visitor to traverse each term in order.
Creates a new positional goal walker for the given unary predicate and the given term visitor.
Returns a new termwalker that traverses terms in order and invokes the supplied visitor for
{ }
{ }
{ }
{ }
Compute the size of a grid.
This method initializes fontmetrics.
{ }
) { }
Remove a property change listener.
{ }
{ }
Function to perform a fade effect
}
; }
; }
Sanitize all radio controls in a form.
Evaluates the expression and waits for the given amount of time.
return true ; }
{ }
Append the classpath to the commandline.
) ; }
Prints out the introduction of the current character.
This method initializes the command line reader
Evaluate a single sentence.
}
{ return
{ }
{ }
{ }
{ }
{ }
{ return
{ return
Convert a string to a multitypedata object
{ }
put a new value to the pagecontext
Clear the buffer from the specified key up to the specified key.
}
Internal method to insert a character into the table.
compares two searchnodes by their pathcost
{ return }
Get a map of operator symbol matching a given name.
try to find a valid operator with one of the given fixities
{ return newnode ; } }
}
; }
Get the usage as a string.
Add trailing property pairs to a properties object
Add options to a properties object
Adds an option to the command line.
) { }
Compares two iterators.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Returns the set of options for this spell checker.
Set the selected Stemmer
return null ; }
Return the stemmed version of a word. If the word is not found returns null.
Terminology based search and Stemmer.
{ } }
}
Trace environment frame string.
Trace choice frame string.
internal call with numperms permission
; }
}
; }
) { }
; }
{ }
Unbox the value of a constant
Print a single stack or string slot.
= null ;
{ }
{ }
{ } }
Returns a string representation of the chessboard
) { } }
{ } }
{ } }
Convert a LogRecord to a Log4J message.
Converts the VoltLogger level to the corresponding log4j level.
requeue a single element
requeue a requeued element
{ }
{ }
Signal on size threshold crossing.
Produce a list of sub - mappings for the given name.
Returns a list of all bindings under the given name.
Add a new property to the environment
Remove a named property from the environment.
{ }
terminal color multidimension dimension string
Resolve the named mixin reference creating a placeholder node for it if necessary.
This function creates a new simplenode with the given name and pushes it to the stack.
Set the maximum height of a row.
Update the max column width.
create a new node as a result of the search
actionforward ; }
substitute built - in clauses with builtins
} }
Check a single clause at the top level of the grammar.
convert a list to a string
{ }
Indicate that the thread is running
Indicate that the server is stopping.
Indicate that the executor has terminated.
}
; }
; }
{
Search a method and create a set of all matching results
Get a bag of results of a method within a collection
find all solutions using a method
; return result
throws Exception { }
{ return null
) { }
{ }
; }
Removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function
Return a string corresponding to the input modifiers.
Convert a string to an integer value.
; }
; }
; }
isdatetime returns true if string s is a datetime formatted false otherwise
creates a tokensource from a given string
throws IOException {
Create a token source from an inputstream
Determine whether the given instruction is constant.
Is the given instruction a void variable?
Is the given instruction a non - argument instruction?
Returns an iterator of all children of this clause.
Return the argument at the given index or null if the index is out of bounds
Returns an iterator of all children of this node.
Returns a string representation of the arguments
get measureappender by queryparameter
retrieve a list of measureappenders from database
execute the query and return the list of measures
Emmit code.
Set the basictype for a primitive
{ }
Print a variable binding.
Returns an iterable of maps where the key is the variable name and the value is the variable associated
{ } }
Read all remaining data from the input stream.
Get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Returns the time in nanoseconds since the epoch.
Use this method if you want to change the playlist and trackinfo.
Sets the playlist and progress and volume to the new values
Override this method if you want to add logic to the output
If a resource is permanent fetch it and store it
} ) ; }
Fire music request to model.
Initialize the reader thread.
Starts the ReaderThread and registers the ReaderThread with the underlying Connection and the ReaderThread
{
Reset parser for a new connection
parse packets from the core and plugins
Processes a packet to see if it matches the filter criteria.
Set the command line option.
Creates a new chat and adds it to the chat list.
internalize the partial class
reset the internal state of this object with an updated map
Set a property on this object.
Adds a filter to the filter list for the packet. A filter is a filter that will be
Process the incoming http servlet request.
Reset all properties to their default values.
Initialize the writer thread.
} } }
; }
write data to the output stream.
Return informations about this method type
Returns true if this type contains the specified descriptor.
Attaches a callback to the specified event lifecycle event.
Shuts down the task engine service.
Returns true if the entry is valid for insertion into the database.
Returns the given key if it is non - null ; the null otherwise.
Check for equality of non-null reference x and possibly-null y.
Returns the entry associated with the specified key in the HashMap. Returns null if the HashMap contains no
Rehashes the contents of this map into a new array with a larger capacity. This method
Adds all of the mappings from the specified map to this map. These mappings will replace any mappings
Removes the mapping for this key from this map if present.
Removes and returns the entry associated with the specified key in the HashMap. Returns null if the HashMap
Special version of remove for EntrySet.
Add an entry to the hash table.
Create delegate map.
Quick and dirty XML attrib encode method
Encode a byte array as a hexadecimal string.
Converts the given string into a base 64 encoded string.
Encodes a byte array into a base 64 string.
Note that this method does not change the iterator type
Sets a controller that will handle the selection of a track when the user clicks on a track
Set the controller that will be used to interact with the jump progress
Sets the controller that will be used to change the video that can be played back.
Set the controller that will handle the change volume request.
Sets the function to be used to broadcast the available playlists to the user
} ) ; }
handle the volume
handle jumps
handle select track
get the mapcache for the current thread
get request cache by name
Returns thealtfield for the given field and streamid.
Returns the shard path for the given ID.
Adapts an object to a session.
Safe method invocation.
Deleting a file or directory.
update a single object with the same properties
Sets the pinginterval.
Start periodic server pings if pinginterval is greater than num_ pinginterval.
Adds all the given options.
Checks whether the given option is present in the argument list
Parse the command line arguments.
Print the usage for the given application
Parse the command line arguments using the given parser.
Initializes the XMPP connection to the XMPP server.
Security mode has been requested. This method is called when a starttls message is received for
Returns the compression handler that can be used for one compression methods offered by the server.
Request for stream compression.
Sets serverackdcompression flag.
} }
{ }
Register a new implemented saslmechanism
Returns all registered mechanisms
outputpluginbehaviour is a function that takes a list of identifications and returns a
Log a message and throwable at the info level.
print error level log of the message and throwable
Log a message with a prefix and a stack trace.
Create a startevent.
Create a startevent.
Notify that a new string has been written.
Overrides the super class to provide the resource that provides the resource.
Indicate whether the list contains one or more resources from the given source
Check if this DataStore contains any of the given resourcesids.
filter the list of resources based on the resourceids
get the value from the cache if present otherwise call get
get the cache key for the given keyspace column family and key
remove the cached item from the cache
put the properties into the cache but only if the cache is not locked.
Clears and returns the set of files and directories.
Recursively include a file or directory.
Include a jar file and all its contents
Adds a mech to the list of default mechs
Add a collection of saslmech algorithms to the LookupTable.
}
Activate the postprocessors.
register all standard events
Register an eventlistener with the server.
Register an eventid with the system eventstore.
Attempt to acquire a lock on the file channel and invoke the provided consumer with the lock obtained
{ }
Create a new dsesession instance using the given dsecluster and keyspace.
Create a music player error
request the player to start playing the track
stop playing.
Send a command to the player.
create a new broadcasterplaylist request.
Creates a new broadcasterplaylist answer from a playlist.
Append a list of strings to the end of the url. If any of the strings are not
Adds a query parameter to the url.
Adds a query parameter to the url.
Adds a boolean query parameter to the url.
Adds a query parameter to the URL.
Return the playlist associated with the event model and id
ed ) {
Checks if the server has finished the startup process
Use this to check if a file exists.
Open a browser using the default browser.
Creates an imageicon from the specified path.
This is the main method for the Nakamura CLasser. It is the main
Set the value of the intarray to a copy of the given values.
Exports this message into a serializable form.
get value at specified index
get an element from the array
Returns the integer value of the value. If the value is null or invalid it returns the default
Returns the value of the node as a double.
getstring Return the value as a string
Creates a command resource.
Returns true if the given command is supported by the system
Verify the capabilities of a command.
Verify if the given command has the given capabilities.
Execute cql statements asynchronously.
Returns all the subclasses of the specified class.
Returns all the subclasses of the given FQCN.
This method performs the actual search.
Searches the given directory for classes assignable to the given class and store the location of the
Converts the resource to a list
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Processes a packet to see if it meets the criteria for this packet collector. If so it
Get the volume of the event source
Send error messages to server and log the error.
Create error response iq.
Is the identifiable a target of the event model?
Sets the loginenabled field with the given value.
Returns a synchronized set that wraps the specified set.
; }
Update the state of the question.
Retrieve all roster groups.
append a rsm element to queryelement for RSM data
parsersm - static method
Create a leavingevent.
Reload the current roster from the server
Creates a new user entry.
get all entries of the roster
get presence for a user
Set unavailable presence for all users.
Fire roster changed event to roster listeners.
Sets the digest value for the given connection identifier and password.
Use the resource_id from the resource model to generate a new resource.
Creates a playerrequest from the given parameters.
Return the time passed of the event
Registers a new update listener.
Reads the properties from the properties file and stores them in the properties object.
Reload the properties from the properties file
Parse streamerror.
Parse the mechanisms from a node in the XML.
Parse the compression methods from the given element
Parse a packetextension from an XML pull parser.
Attempts to decode the given value as an object of the given type.
verify whether the event model can be played or not
resourcetype of the resource as a playbackstate
{ }
Check if a subdomain is allowed to have multiple email addresses.
Puts a new value in the map.
Returns a set view of this map s key elements.
Returns a collection view of the values contained in this map. The collection is backed by the map
}
Returns the entry associated with the specified key in the HashMap. Returns null if the HashMap contains no
Helper method for generating a hash code for a pair.
Creates a new entry for the reference map.
Override controlevents in presence monitor
Set the presence state of the item.
Updates the most frequent presence.
}
Generate the st object that will be run as a script.
Initialize the output directory.
Load properties from a file.
Writes the given HTML table to a file.
Return the progress of the resource in the event model
Decorate a collection.
Discover services on the network.
} return null ;
Gets the threadpool value for this PendingInvitation.
Create a stopmusic object
verify whether the eventmodel contains the stopmusic. id of the player
get dse cluster instance by host and port
Adds a new connection listener.
Add a packet listener that will be notified when a new packet is received that match the filter.
Add a packet listener that will be notified of any new packets that are sent to the server.
{ }
Adds a packetinterceptor to this packet processor. The new packetinterceptor will be called whenever
Notify all interceptors of the given packet.
cast a value to a typed array or array
{ }
get current thread id.
Returns true if the node is not null and if it is a child of the deleted node or
This method returns the key for a given value
Gets the value at a specific index.
Return the node at the specified index in the object data.
Returns a node given a data object and an index.
Compares the specified objects using the correct comparison method for the specified index.
Finds the node with the least left child.
Returns the node at the specified position in the tree.
Find the next greater node that is less than or equal to the given node.
Returns the node at the given index that is most likely to be a valid node.
Finds the node with the smallest key less than or equal to the given key.
return ; } }
Returns true if the node is null or at the given index.
Returns whether the node at the given index is black.
Return the grandparent or grandparent of node at index.
Returns the node at the specified position in the parent node.
Return the right child of the node at the given index.
Return the left child of the node at the given index.
Rotates the subtree so that its root is the new root.
Rotate node right.
Recursive black - insertion in the tree.
Reduces the number of redundant deletions by repeatedly performing a black deletion on the given deleted
Throw exception if o is not comparable to this entity.
fast insertion of a value to a new node
This method is not thread safe.
Check if the table contains the given value.
Returns the value associated with the given key.
Removes the key and its value from the data store.
Removes all key - value mappings from the hashmap.
Copies all entries from the current map to the new_map.
{ }
{ }
} }
Gets a player request for the specified playlist and permanent flag.
Use this to initialize instance of defaultrosterstore.
Open the current defaultrosterstore.
Return a collection of IP addresses
Return a single subnet address from a given address.
Exports the album to a hashmap.
Imports trackinfo from a hashmap.
Adds all applications in the set.
Override this method if you want to execute a runscript from an application.
prints the list of classnames
Print the usage of the command line tool.
Main function will be triggered via hadoop exec
Create a muteevent request.
Create a muteevent.
Get a schema from the cache
Write a list of lines to a file.
Checks to see if the user has specified an exec jar in the execjar. If it does
Add an option for this application.
This method returns sorted list of thriftschemafield objects
get goodwillschemafield by name
Returns the package name from the specified jar entry.
Convert an immutable map of key - value pairs to an immutable map of values.
create event listener with given descriptor description and descriptorid.
Set the new state and return the old state.
return this ; }
{ }
Get the track information for the given event model
Exports this message to a new hashmap object.
return null ; }
Returns an image containing the maximum length of the specified lines in the error area.
get an image from a url
connect to url and return jsonresult
Reverse the keyset of a source map.
Compute the result of the multiplication of two hashsets.
This method overrides the start method of the Thread class to ensure that the daemon flag is set
Returns this object to the pool if available.
Create a endedevent.
get the current item from the queue
Update a track in the current playlist.
Shuffle the elements in the playlist
Verifies that the capabilities can be played.
Export the current state of the model into a hashmap suitable for serialization to JSON.
Escape a string for use in an XML doc.
The server is challenging the SASL mechanism of the server. The server can send a challenge or
Convert this object to a JSON bytestream.
This is the thread that will handle all events in blocking mode
handle an event
Join all the queues of this manager
Set the value of a property. If the new value is different than the current value for the
Remove a property from the object.
Add a principal to the list of principals
Remove a principal from the set of principals
Invoked when a root window is closing.
called when a user encounters this alarm
This method gets called when a presence or leave event is received.
resourcemodel - > boolean
Changes the name of the group.
Checks whether the map contains the specified key.
Checks whether the map contains the specified value.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map previously contained a mapping
Removes all of the elements from this map. The map will be empty after this call returns.
; }
Compares two keys for equality ; if both keys are null they are considered equal.
Compares two values by returning true if the first value is equal to the second one.
Increases the capacity if necessary.
Calculates a new capacity from a given number of bits.
Creates an entryset iterator. Subclasses can override this to return iterators with different properties.
Load a ColumnFamily from a binary stream
Initialization method for addon.
Notifies all connection listeners that a reconnection attempt failed.
Notifies all connection listeners that an attempt to reconnect has been made.