Emit the specified element. If the element is not in the queue it is added to
Wraps an observable with a non - null string representation.
Returns an observable that is sorted according to the given comparator. The elements in the returned observable
Computes a observable over the network using the supplied scheduler for the connection to the remote
Create a new unicastprocessor with the specified capacity.
create a new unicastprocessor with a specific runnable
Attempts to map a value to a boolean using the provided function as the return value.
Convert a value to a flowable value by applying the supplied function to each value.
Resets all variables to their default values.
check if the given completables source is not null and if it is a maybef
check returns value if must be cast to maybefrom single
Retries at most times where the predicate evaluates to false.
Require that the given object is non - null and throws a null pointer exception if it is
Wraps the identity function with a side - effect.
Returns a justvalue that is equivalent to the given value.
Creates a justvalue function with the given value.
Wraps a function with a type - safe cast to the target class.
Creates a new unicast subject.
Creates a new unicast subject with the specified capacity.
Creates a new unicast subject with the specified number of threads.
Creates a new unicast subject.
This method blocks until an error is received from the server. It blocks until an error is
This method blocks until an error is received from the server or the specified time unit is reached
Waits for the object to become available or until the specified time unit is reached.
Iterates over the elements in the queue and removes elements from the queue and executes a maximum
Submits a request for a subscription.
Completes the Future with the given value.
Returns the value if the object is not error or null. Otherwise returns null.
Gets the error.
Returns true if the next is disposed false otherwise. The observer is only called if the
Sets the value of the shared shared shared object upstream to the value of the shared object next
Validates the given subscription against the given upstream object and the given next object.
Sets the value of the current subscription to the value of the next. If the current is
Returns the max_value of the addition of the two long values. If the result is
Multiply two long values
Add the requested value to the current value.
Create a new null pointerexception and initialize it with the given exception.
Adds an object to this set.
Shuts down the thread pool and Clears the pool.
Create a new scheduled executor service.
Sets the subscription for the object.
Loops until all elements have been processed or there are no more elements to process.
Wraps a throwable into a runtimeexception.
Utility method to flatten a throwable into a list of throwable objects.
If the exception is not an exception just return it. Otherwise return the exception as is.
Clears the set of resources.
Returns the number of resources currently in the set.
Attempts to map the value of the source object to the value of the observer using the
Apply the supplied mapping to the supplied value and return an observable that wraps the supplied value.
Filter the elements from the head of the array.
Adds an observer to the head of the queue. If the queue is full the observer
Starts the queue.
Starts an unbounded spsclinkedarray.
Adds a single item to the queue. If the queue is full the offer will block
Gets the current disposable. If the current disposable is not disposed it will
Completes the Future with the given value.
Called by the application when a throwable occurs.
Indicates that the task has completed.
Waits for the specified number of items to be received.
Subclasses may wish to override this method to perform additional processing on the returned subscription.
Adds the specified element to the end of the list.
Removes the specified element from the list.
Observe a flowable viewable on a scheduler.
Parse the annotations of the given method and return the corresponding response.
Set the delay to a given time unit.
Returns the error response.
Calculates theelay amount of variance in the given time unit.
Create sampledata.
Return the value of a HTTP method.
Search for a user by the given username.
Generates a digest with the given rawpassword.
Returns true if the given salt matches the given encoded password.
Utility method to perform version checks.
Determine whether or not the current spring security version should be disabled.
Retrieve the spring securitycoreversion. properties file.
Attribute exchange.
Use this method to apply oauth2client configurationurer.
Apply oauth2resourceserver configurationurer to the current thread.
Compare the specified object with the specified attribute value.
Retrieves a dircontext entry from an dn.
Search for multiple attribute values.
Search for a single entry using the specified parameters.
Builds a new search level object from the original object s searchscope and countlimit fields
Find all of the ACLs for the given list of Sids.
This method is used to get all granted authorities on the web. xml file.
Create the root beandef definition.
This method is used to create the bean that provides the required information to the authentication manager.
Create the jaasapif setup. If the str_ is the same as the provide
Creates a typeres solver builder with a default typeresolver builder.
Create a new spring securityfilterchain and register it with the servlet context.
Retrieve the token for a series.
Returns a list of granted authorities for the given collection of attributes.
Returns a new cipher instance for the specified algorithm.
Override in a subclass to override the afterpropertiesset method.
This method is called by the filter chain after the request is handled.
Checks if the principal is the same as the current authentication.
Authenticates the request.
Check the content length of the response and if necessary do a doon responsecommitted check.
Maps a collection of authority objects to a collection of authority objects. If a null value is
Set the URL of the login processing task to be performed.
Update the url of the authentication success page.
Update the permitall status page of the current user.
If the specified object is not a string this method returns the original string. Otherwise this method
Extracts a cookie from the request.
Converts an array of strings to a base64 - encoded string.
Sets the specified cookie for the specified request.
Resolves a method parameter using the supplied bindingcontext.
Extract the query string from the request and replace it with the artifact pattern.
Get the port from the url. If the url does not have a port then get the
Return the current principal s name.
Logout current session.
Return the authentication object for the given authentication.
Set the context environment properties.
Returns the redirect URL for this request.
doend tag doend tag doend tag doend tag...
Inits the user details.
Get the user detailssereries.
Add additional parameters to the additional parameters map.
Checks if the current request requires authentication.
If the debug level is enabled this method will print a message indicating if the request requires authentication
proxy ticket request.
Returns true if the current thread is authenticated false otherwise.
Returns true if the proxyreceptormatcher matches the given request false otherwise.
Create a method security expression root object.
Retrieve the jwkset.
URL - encode the given string using UTF - 8 encoding.
get the list of granted authorities for current user
Load the user details for an assertion.
Get the pre - authenticated principal.
Concatenates the given arrays.
Returns the specified subarray of the specified range of the specified array.
Returns a list of granted authorities from a collection of attributes.
Given a map of string to collection of granted authorities return a new map where the key
Retrieve the granted authority collection for the given object.
Adds the specified collection of objects to the specified collection of objects to the specified result.
Get the pre - authenticated principal from the http request.
Returns a shared object of the specified type.
Builds a redirecturl for the specified request using the specified port as key.
This is the entry point for the proxy method invocation.
Adds the role to the string if it is not already present.
Returns a string array with length num_ + roles + str_ + str_ + roles
Generates a new successful authentication token and adds it to the session.
Attempt to switch the user to this password.
Returns authentication credentials not foundexception.
Set the exituserurl.
Displaypublicindex Method.
Apply the spring - security filter to the bean.
Decodes the given token and validates it. The returned jwt object is a valid jwt
Returns true if the access is authorize using theaccesseAttemptression.
Returns true if the current user is allowed to access the URL using the URL check.
Converts the specified JWT to a collection of granted authority objects.
Used by the framework to generate a generatetoken token for this request.
Display adminpage for a contact.
Add permission to the specified contact.
Add permission.
Gets the role with the specified default prefix.
Constructs a userDetailsresource from a string representation.
Get a list of values for a given attribute.
Get the first attribute value with the specified name.
Convert a charsequence to a byte array.
Decode a byte array to a string.
Look aheadameter names for a parameter.
Adds a contact to the list.
Find all attributes matching the specified method for the specified target class.
Add a method to the method map.
Returns a collection of all configattribute instances.
Returns true if the given method name is the same as this method name.
Use this method to send a any - request to any of the registered matchers.
This method is called when the userdn and username are not equal.
Returns a random contact.
Removes the current authentication attributes from the session.
Returns the field with the given name from the given class.
Creates the Service URL with the current session id.
Create a createredirecturl string.
Extract the prefix of the given string.
send an error message to the client
Checks the stack of all filters.
Returns the registered throwable types.
Extracts the cause of the throwable.
add a new beancomponent definition to the parsercontext
Returns a hash set of all authority strings in the given collection.
Compares two byte arrays for equality.
Sets the default failureurl.
Set the function that provides information about the visibility of the link.
Builds a request URL from the given servletpath requesturi contextpath and pathinfo.
Returns true if the string is a absolute url.
Creates a list of attributes for a given identifier.
Convert a resultset to a serializable identifier. If the identifier is a string and can convert to
batchupdate all entries of the table with the specified number of times. The number of times
Create a primary key for an object
Update an mutable identity.
This method is used by the framework to make sure that the request has been saved and that
Get a list of path matchers for a given http method.
The any exchange that is not part of a serverwebex server.
Returns a new hexadecimal encoding textor with the given password and salt for the given password.
Create a text - based variant of the standard text - based password using the given salt.
Returns a text - based version of the given password using the given salt for the password.
Writes the X -FrameOptions header to the given http servlet response.
Determines the url to use for authentication.
Determine the url to use for the default target.
Set the value of the targeturlparameter property.
Retrieves the directory with the child id equal to the id of this object.
Adds a user distinguishedname with the specified username.
Creates the shared objects.
Configure the JAASusing loop.
Get the current date.
Internal parsedate the given string with the given formats.
add the object to the cache. If the cache is full remove the key from the object
Sets the details of the current request.
Get the securityname of the subject.
get webspheregroups for the specified securityname.
Build a distinguishedname for the specified group.
Allows the specified sessions.
Copy details from one authentication token to another.
Returns a list of filters matching the filter specification.
Returns all filters for the specified URL.
Retrieves the required webapplicationcontext for the specified pagecontext.
Get the full distinguishedname for a given context.
Sets the session attributes for this session.
Create a new authentications scheme with the specified username and password.
Adds a list of filters to the configuration.
Adds a filter to the configuration. If a null value is passed the filter is ignored
Creates a new basic auth scheme with the given username and password.
Create authentications scheme.
Creates a new formauth scheme with the given username password and config.
Add a proxy to a given URI.
Print the response body to a string using the specified printstream stream and log detail and should
Create a configured redirect configuration.
Returns a new encoderconfig instance with the default content charset and should append defaultcontentcharset to
Creates a new object mapperconfig instance with the specified default object mapper factory and the object mapper
Returns a new object mapper configuration instance.
Configures the input configuration with the specified log config.
Create a new config instance with the same configuration and session config as the current config instance.
Configures the supplied object mapperconfig with the contents of the supplied xml config.
Create a new jsonconfig instance with the same configuration as this config and the specified jsonconfig
Create a new xmlconfig instance from xmlconfig.
Create a new config instance with the same configuration as this config instance.
Configures the input stream with a header configuration.
Creates a restassured asyncconfig instance with the specified configuration.
Create a mock copy of a configuration.
Create a new multipart config instance.
Creates a mock server - side configuration with the specified configuration as a parameter.
Creates a matcher configuration from the supplied matcher configuration.
certificateauthsettings allowall_ hostname_verifier
Create an xmlpathconfig instance with the specified namespace and namespacestodeclare
Create a new xmlpathconfig instance with the given prefix and namespace uri.
Makes a request to the API with the given method and a body.
Sets the request headers.
Set the default proxy for this connection.
Sets the value of the controlname property.
Adds a header to the multipart spec builder.
Set basic credentials.
The entry point to the NTLM entry point. The entry point is the host and port
Create a new set of headers with the given header and the given additional headers.
Resets all state objects to their default state.
Set the value of the given header to the given value.
Build the response object and return it.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher if the given string matches the given matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher if the specified string matches the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher matching the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher matching the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher that matches the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher matching the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher matcher that matches the specified matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher if the string version matches the given matcher.
Returns a detailedcookiematcher that has the specified maxage matcher.
Specifies that the response header with the specified name is present and that the expected value is
Specifies that a particular header with the given name and the expected value is present.
Specifies a cookie with the specified expected value.
Return a copy of this proxyspecification with the host set.
configuration of numberreturntype
Returns a new jsonpathconfig instance with the specified defaultparies type.
Returns a new logconfig instance with the given printstream.
Enablelogging of request and responseif validation.
Create a http request.
Returns a new multipartconfig instance with the specified default Controlname defaultfilename default set the default
Adds an attribute to the mock at the same time.
Adds a header with the specified name and value.
Adds a multipart request.
Use this to add additional resulthandlers.
set a parameter to a value
Add params.
Returns a new entity manager configuration using the specified entity manager factory and the current HTTP client instance
Returns a new SAX configuration for the HTTP multipart mode.
Get the result of the assertion at the specified path.
Get the int value for a given path.
Returns the byte corresponding to the given path.
Get the short associated with the given path.
Get the float value associated with a path.
Get double.
Get an long at the given path.
Returns the content of the path as a linkedlist of the given type.
Get a map for a given path.
Gets the object from the object at the path. If the object does not exist it
Sets the body of the specified object to the specified mapper.
Adds a cookie to the request.
Adds a parameter to the request.
Adds a parameter to the request.
Sets up a mock configuration for a queryparamsupdatestr strategy.
Create a filter for logresponsetoif matches.
Create a new cookie with the given cookie and additional cookies.
Remove a set of objects from the backing map.
Indexes all registered bindings.
get a bindingimpl with the given errors and jitlimitation for the given key
Converts a string to a bindingimpl with the given errors.
Cleans up any non - injections that depend on a non - injection point.
Removes a failed - time binding.
Returns the internal dependencies of the bindingimpl or an im mutableset of the bindingimpl
Create an uninitialized binding impl for the given key.
Returns all the parameters for the given context.
Binds the injectorimpl to the source providerinstancebinding.
Binds a logger to the providerinstancebinding of the given injector.
Returns true if the member is misplaced in the errors list.
Returns true if method a overrides method b.
Lazily initializes this string with the given string as the only argument.
Returns a type - safe provider for the type of this field. The type of the field
Resolve a list of types to a list of typelLiterals.
Returns a canonical version of a typelLiteral.
A convenience method to prepare a injectorimpl instance for its use.
Canonicalize the given classloader.
Tells whether or not the specified classloader is the same version as this one.
Returns true if the given member is a publicly method.
Returns the key with the annotation type as the key.
Initializes t with the given source and set of injectionpoints.
Called by all the injectablereference instances that have completed their validation.
Create a new instance of the class.
Internal factory method for a scope.
Returns the current scope of the specified injector but not the current scope of the specified injector s
Normalize a path.
Generates an annotation of the given type.
Returns true if the retention policy for the specified annotation type is retained at runtime.
Returns the first annotation of the given type or null if there are none.
Returns the key for the given type and member. If no key is found an errorse
Returns the string name of the key.
This method is called when the string is initialized with a non - null delegate string.
Adds a real directtype binding to the binding chain.
Returns the constructorinjector for the given injectionpoint with the given errors.
Checks if the interceptorclass is isscope.
Create a realmapbinder that uses a typelLiteral as the key.
Return the key for a new value.
Constructs a new object with the single parameter injectors and then finish the construction context.
Makes a copy of the object from the source object to the target object.
Returns a module formodule for the given module.
Returns the assist data for the given collection of methods.
Returns true if the typelLiteral is the same as the typelLiteral in the configuration
Checks if the constructor has parameters.
Returns the im mutableset of the specified constructor and the specified implementation.
Returns an immutable set that contains all of the provided dependencies but does not contain any ass value
Returns true if the implementation is valid for optimizedassFlag false otherwise.
Get the binding for this method from an injector.
Overrides the default implementation of the proxy method.
Creates a string builder for the missing errors and adds the given key to the current string.
Create a real multibinder with the specified key.
Returns the key for a new item.
Returns the next filter for the given request or null if there are no filter found.
Returns true if the given constructor has at least one inject.
Gets the internal constructor injector.
Returns the im mutableset s internal dependencies.
Returns a module formodule for the specified module object using the specified scanner.
Get the annotation for the given method.
Returns the line number for the given member.
Initializes the class loader with the given errors.
Returns the object value for the specified key. If the object is null or the key does
Returns a warning about the given string.
the errors are merged with the current errors and the errors are merged with the current errors.
Returns a list of the injectors for the given errors.
Returns a key with the given type and annotation strategy.
Returns a annotation strategy for the given annotation.
Returns a annotation strategy for the specified annotation type.
Get the prunestacktrace of a throwable
Returns the stacktrace source of the class or one of its super classes.
Convenience factory method to create a new message instance with the given messageformat
Creates a message with the specified cause and the supplied message of arguments.
Creates a message from a throwable.
Converts the given object to an object of the desired type.
Returns true if the given classname should bebeskipped.
Gets the object associated with the list of classes.
The main entry point for this example.
Sets the dependency of the given object and adds it to the internal state.
This method is used to set the push state of an object.
Returns a new instance of t.
This method is used to provision a construction context.
Process a single event.
Add a connectioneventprocessor.
get the result of a futuretask
Throws the specified throwable if it is a runtime exception or if it is an error.
add a processor to the cmd2 set of processors
Register a defaultprocessor.
returns the remotingprocessor associated with the specified command
Attempts to get a value from a url.
Decodes a protocolcode from the given buffer.
Return a list of all connections from all connections in the pool.
Scans the pool list for new connections.
Returns a connection to the given URL.
Create a connection to a remote url.
Remove a task from the list of conntasks and close the pool.
The healif messages are generated for a URL. We need to make sure that the
Create a new connection and add it to the pool.
Close a connection to the given address.
Invoked when the connection is closed.
Closes the channel.
Adds an attribute to the object. If the attribute already exists it will be overwritten.
Registers a userprocessor with a concurrenthashmap.
Registers a userprocessor for a specific string.
do the real work of dispatching touserprocessor
Attempts to deserialize and send a command response to the server.
Generate a bolt command for remotingcontext
Log a command timeout time out.
Generate a debug log message for an RPC command.
Executes the command. If no executor is specified the task is executed using the default executor
Called when a command is received from the remote peer.
Convert a bitset to a byte.
Create a bitset from an integer.
Add a task to the reconnect task.
use the factory to create a remoting command
Filter connections by their service status.
Close fresh select connections.
Get boolean.
This method logs the given string at the info level.
Return whether or not the current command s timeout is greater than the current timeout.
Get userprocessor by classname.
Returns a random connection from a list of connections.
Returns the context value for the given key or the default if not found.
Gets a property by its key.
Resolves a command to an object. If the command was successful the object is returned
cast a response command to a object
casts a response command to a throwable
Takes the result of an RPC call and formats the result using the string. format.
Create a rpcserverexception with the given details.
printconnectiontrac single traceid and invokecontext
Creates a new event loopgroup with the specified number of threads.
Returns a string representation of the remote address of a channel.
Returns a socket address from a channel s local address.
Returns the remote address and host address of a channel if one exists. Otherwise returns an empty
Returns the channel s IP address or empty string if the channel does not have a IP address
Returns the local address of the channel without the host address.
Returns the parseremoteport port of a channel.
Returns the local port of a channel.
Returns the inet address of the specified socket address or empty string if the socket address is not
Adds a connection to this connection list.
Remove and try to close a connection.
Register a custom serializer for a class.
Returns the custom serializer for the given classname. Returns null if the classname does not exist.
Register a custom serializer.
Returns the custom serializer for a given commandcode.
Checks to see if the current address is connected.
Initialize the write bufferw watermark and add a option to the channel option that specifies the high
Return the frame corresponding to the given opcode.
Sends a batch of messages to a websocket channel.
Set the status code.
Set the position to the end of the message and set the reason to UTF - 8.
Update the payload.
Checks if the string is a known protocol and if so returns the matched protocol.
Checks the length of the string and throws a limitexceededexception if the length
Checks the packetsize of aingle frame and throws an incompleteexception if the check fails
Generate a final key for the specified string.
Process a frame with a continuous opcode. If the frame is not a continuous then throw an
Process a framedata frame and send a runtime exception to the websocket listener.
Log runtimeexception.
Processes a framedata frame.
Process a frameisfin
Add a frame to the buffer and check if the frame is notfin
Processes the closing frame.
Check if buffer limit is exceeded and throw an exception if limit is exceeded.
Retrieve a fixed - size buffer from the buffer list.
Get the total size of all the buffers in the buffer list.
Translates a string to a handshake builder.
Translates a string to a handshake builder.
Decodes a remote socket buffer into a string.
Close a connectionduetowrong error.
Sends a runtimeexception to the client and closes the connection.
Generate a HTTPrespon Construct with the specified number of errors.
Sends a string to the server.
Resets the state of the websocket engine.
Connect the read thread.
Return the port number from the URL. If the URL does not have a port number return
Sends a websocket.
Set the connectionlost timeout.
Stop the websocketconnectionlost timer.
Start the websocketrunning timer.
Restarts the websocket connectionlost timer.
try to executetection the provided websocket with the specified minimumpong time. If the
Stop and cancel the connectionlost query thread.
The method to perform the handshake
Sends a ping frame to the server.
Stop the thread and wait for it to stop.
Returns the port number of this server is running on. If the server is running on a
Reads more data from the websocket.
Accepts a connection to the WebSocket server.
Reads a single message from the queue.
The selection key is valid. If the selection key is valid the interestops will be notified
Do the setup of the selector andserverthread thread.
Checks if the current thread is closed.
Shut down the websocket server.
Returns the socket associated with the given websocket connection.
Broadcasts a message to a collection of clients.
Broadcasts a message to a list of clients.
Do the tile data and send it to all clients.
Fills the object with data from the server.
Transfers a buffer from one to another. Returns the number of bytes left to the first
Start the JPA API.
Returns the entitymanager for the given name.
Adds a consumer to the transaction associated with this entity manager.
Converts an array of objects to its asscala equivalent.
Gets a list of t from the command line. If the first argument is a list
Get a translation for a given language and key.
Get a message for a given language and a list of key - value pairs.
Is definedat for a language and key
Returns the preferred message for the given collection of language components.
Returns the preferred message for the specified request.
Sets the lang attribute of the result object.
A convenience method for building bindings for a collection of guiceable modules.
Add bindings to this service.
Add the given bindings to this service.
Return a builder that overrides one of the given guiceable modules.
Return a self - overrides set of modules for this play instance.
Return a self - overrides instance that includes the provided bindings.
Disables all methods with the given class.
Calls the completion of the method specified by the given request.
Return an optional file object representing an existing file.
Returns a binding that is declared in the given scope.
Returns a tuple containing the given values.
Creates a 5 - element HList.
Converts an executioncontext to an executor.
Returns a new jpaconfig instance with the given parameters.
Returns a jpaconfig instance with the given parameters.
Creates a new jpaconfig. persistence unit from the given map.
Create a string flow with a string as its content and not used as a callback.
Create a flow to send a JSON node to the server via a callback.
Adds a constraint validator for the specified key.
Create a new instance of the specified type.
Returns the method with the specified name and parameter types from the specified class.
Called when a client error occurs during a request.
This method is called when a request is bad by the framework.
Displays a forbidden status message.
This method is called when a not found response is sent to the client
Override this method to handle a servererror
Log an error in the log
A utility method to throw an exception when an exception is thrown from a fulefule
Displays an internalservererror.
Displays an internalservererror.
Convert a list of files and a list of ivy files into a corresponding ivy files
Creates a documentationhandler for a given directory.
Create a new instance from a directory and a jarfile.
Generate a documentationhandler for a directory and jarfile.
Create a documentation handler from a jarfile.
The consumed data.
Create httpentity from content.
Returns a strict version of the given string using the given character set.
Create a chunked object from a source of bytes.
Returns the status code of the given json node and content.
Convenience method to send a JSON status message.
Create a result with the given status code and the bytes content.
Returns the status of the given inputstream with the given content length.
Returns the status code of the given file and content.
Finds user by id.
Return the preferred language of the given collection of language components.
Call the unique method
Make a call to the play server with a fragment of the URL.
Returns the absolute URL for the given request.
Create websocketurl from http. request.
Get a boxedunit for a connection.
Create an abstract function that returns the result of a connection function.
Create a new http server for the given mode port and function.
Converts object to json.
Converts a JSON node to a JSON object.
Parse a string representation of a JSON node.
Parse a JSON node from a stream.
Create a relative path from a start path and a string.
Returns the canonical version of the given URL.
Returns a list of objects that are displayable by the given set of constraints.
Returns the displayable object for the given constraint.
Completes the completion of the specified completion stage by the given amount and time unit.
Return the next valid date of the given cron expression.
Returns the number of days since the given date.
Creates a new a time - out a time - out a time - out a time -
Returns a guice application builder based on the current environment and configuration.
Displays a todo for the current user.
Sets the value of the given key in the session context.
Adds a string value to flash.
Return a binding key for the given instance.
Return the binding key qualified with the given annotation.
Converts the wrapped object to a binding of the given class.
Returns a binding that has the same type as the supplied provider.
Create a binding from a supplier.
Returns the binding for the given key.
Create a binding of the given class to the underlying class.
Gets a list of available langs for the application.
Returns the preferred language for the application given the list of available langs.
Create a new simpleevolutions reader from a map of string to a list of ev
play. api. db. evolutionsreader for default evolutions
Removes all evolutions with the given schema from the database.
A guice application builder that uses a configuration loader.
Construct a guiceapplication builder using the supplied bifunction and the supplied environment and configuration
Create a guiceapplication builder based on one or more guiceable modules.
Load the guiceapplication builder for the given modules.
Load the guiceapplication builder for the specified modules.
Load guiceapplication builder with the given bindings.
Obtains a new guiceapplication builder.
Converts the cookie value to a base64 string and encodes it into a base64 string
Entitymanager em.
Gets the stack of all entity managers.
Push the given entity manager onto the stack. If the entity manager is not in the stack
bypass with function.
Used to bypass with a mergestr strategy.
Convert error arguments to a non - empty list.
Return the complete form with the specified value.
Returns the validation errors of this model as a list of validation errors.
jsonnode errors as json.
Returns an optional value with the given key.
Return a new dynamic form based on the specified value.
Converts a string into an object of the given class.
Converts a string to a typedes specifed type.
Print a string.
Returns a string representation of the specified field of the type.
Print a string.
Registers a converter for string type.
Registers a formatter for a field of the given type.
Encodes the cookie into a string.
Given a path and an object node find all the nodes that match the path and replace the
Converts a java. util. List to a java. util. immutable. seq.
Convenience method to convert a java. util. array to a java. util.
Wraps all elements of the given array into a sequence of arguments.
Create a mapped from a Java class to a JSON object.
Create a websocket acceptorresult.
Computes the cost of a class by looking at the number of times the original class
Copy the full executable arguments to the class array with the necessary arguments.
Returns the cost of a class as a child of another class.
Gets the message at the specified key.
Gets the message at the specified key.
Create a database with the given driver and url parameters.
Create a parallelsorter based on an array of objects.
Sorts the elements in the specified range [ lo hi ) using the specified comparator.
Sorts the specified range [ lo hi ) using the specified comparator.
Invokes the method.
Load a single argument.
Emit a field instruction.
Type must be a number or a null.
Unbox the current value of the specified type. If the current value is unboxable
Create an array and call the callback for it.
Generate a codeemitter with a null label onenull and a non - null label
Resolves all class files.
Filter the constructors of the given class.
Sets the superclass of this object.
Return the value of the field with the given names.
Adds a method to the signature.
Returns the cardinality of this set.
Sets the namingpolicy to use. If null the default namingpolicy will be used instead.
Returns an array of method names and their corresponding methods.
Resolves a string with a path relative to the string itself.
Reads a string from a file.
Set the host header.
Create a new httprequest object with the given method and destination name.
Create a new httprequest to connect to a given destination.
Returns a new httprequest object with the given destination.
Create a HTTP POST request to the given destination.
Convenience method to put a HTTP method.
Create a new HTTP patch request to the given destination.
Create a httprequest that delete a resource.
Create a new httprequest that sets the head header to the given destination.
Create a httprequest that returns a trace request to the given destination.
Create a new httprequest request options with the given destination.
Make a http request for a given path.
Write the specified cookies to this httprequest object.
Adds a query parameter to the http request.
Adds a map of query key - value pairs to a http request.
Sets the HTTP query string.
Returns a string representation of the specified query.
Returns the host URL as a string.
Set the basic authentication header with the given username and password.
Set the host header.
Override this method to provide custom buffer implementation.
Converts the start label to the end label. If the first handler is null then the
Returns the number of times the specified handler was called.
Collect all interceptors.
Collect all action filters.
Collect all action results.
This method is used to collect all action runtimes.
Set the value of a property on a bean.
Get property by name. If the property does not exist null is returned.
Extract this reference from a property name.
Return the fast chararray writer.
Adds a reference to an object.
Get a reference to an object.
Looks up an object reference. If the object reference is not found an exception is thrown.
Gets the descriptor for the specified tableref.
Finds a descriptor for the specified column.
Returns the alias for the specified table.
Registers a tablereference.
Return the tableref.
Registers a hint.
Overrides the default serialization method to add a value to the json context.
Inject attributes to the supplied targets.
Inject parameter values to the specified target.
Inject values from the multipartrequest to the target.
Converts the property name to upper case or lower case.
Converts a column name to a property name.
Converts the column name to the applytizet name.
Stores an object value into the prepared statement at the specified index in the context of the
Convert a value to another type.
Gets all wrappers of the wrapper set.
Resolves the given wrapper class and creates a wrapper if it does not already exist.
Create an instance of the wrapper class.
Returns the filesystem separator of the given path. If the path is null then null is returned
Gets the path.
Splits a filename into parts.
Returns the relative path of the given string.
Registers a madvoccomponent with the webapp.
Registers a consumer to receive actionconfig messages from an actionconfigmanager component.
Start a webapp.
Registers all components.
Exclude all jars from the excluded jars.
Includes specified jars.
Adds rules to the list of included entries.
Exclude one or more entries from the excluded list.
Scans the jar file for class files.
Scans the classpath for classes.
Converts a class type to a byte array.
Scans a list of classes and adds them to the filestoscan.
Start the scan.
creates a new jtxtransaction.
Returns the defaultorscop type for the specified class.
Returns the madvocscope with the specified class.
Process a madvocscope request.
Returns a random string in timetolive order.
Assuresize the set is at least as large as the max_value of each token
Checks to see if the session contains the specified string.
Creates a bean copy from the supplied object.
Makes a copy of this object.
Visit a property. The property name and value are the names of the new property and the
Override this method in order to override the default constructor.
Resolves a scope for this instance. If no scope exists a new one is created
Register a bean with the specified wiring mode and consumer.
Register a bean.
Remove a bean from the context.
Resolves the beannames for the specified class.
Register a new beandef definition.
Register a new propertyinjectionpoint.
Registers a new beandefinition with the beanname and property.
Register a new methodinjectionpoint.
Register the specified init method for the specified bean.
Register a list of destroy method points.
Register a provider definition for a bean method.
Register a provider definition.
Emit information about the type of the bean.
Adds all parameters from the given map to the internal data structures.
Intercepts an action request and returns the execution time of the action.
Resolves the current platform version.
Pushes an int onto the stack.
Throws a proxettaexception if the argument index is out of bounds.
Returns the advic fit name for a field with the specified index.
Returns the name of the method with the specified index.
Generate the method arguments for a load.
Generate the method arguments for a static method.
Load method arguments for a method.
load a method or string literal at the given index into the methodinfo object at the given
store a method or string at the given index.
Generate code to preparereturn a return value.
Create a string representation of a method signature.
Create a new array with the given component type.
Stores an array component of the specified component type.
Extract encoding from content type. If no encoding is specified the default encoding is returned.
Gets whether or not the specified flags refer to the system or user flags.
Resolves the authbearertToken header from the given http servlet request.
Sends an error response to the client that requires authentication with the given realm.
Create a preparedownload from a file.
Sets the content type and filename in the given http servlet response object and sets the content length
Get all cookie with the given name.
Read the request body from the request and return it as a string.
read request body from stream.
Stores the context path in the pagecontext with the specified context path.
Stores the context path.
Returns true if the parameter with the given name exists in the http servlet request.
Utility method to prepare an array of strings for parameter values.
Copy parameter values from the servlet request to the parameter values.
Invokes the body of the method. If the body is null an exception is thrown.
Render a jspFragment into a char array.
Renders body to a string.
Invoke all init - methods.
Call all the bean s destroy method points.
Create a new beaninstance.
Determines if the beandef definition should be injected.
Rewrite the specified action path with the specified http method.
Add a header to the response.
Add a property entry to this propsentry.
Set a property on the base properties map. If append is true the property value will be
Put a property into the profile properties map.
Get a property for a profile.
Resolves a resolvemacros value with a list of profiles.
Extract the target map from the parameter list.
Returns the index of the first record of a streamtoword.
Hashes the given password using the given salt.
Compare the plaintext to the hashed one and return true if they match.
Copies all data from the stream to the specified outputstream.
Copy the number of bytes from the stream to the outputstream.
Parses an action runtime configuration for the specified action method and action definition.
Resolves an action annotation for the given action annotation values.
Detect and register alias.
Gets the array of all interceptedbyors for the given annotated actionclassorm both
Read action filters from an annotated element.
Read the actionpath from the package.
Read actionpath.
Returns the alias of the method from the annotationvalues object.
Creates an action runtime.
Check if the last modified date is greater than the current date and if so reset the response
Tries to apply the adviceclass to the specified class. If no advic
Inject target object to the proxy object.
Visits an annotation of the given type.
Returns the real name of the object represented by the given JSON string.
Resolves a JSON object name.
Looks up the typed data for a class.
Returns a typedata instance for the specified class. If a typedata instance already exists for
Finds the subclasstypedata for the specified class.
Resolves a json name for a class type.
Resolves a class name using the most specific type.
returns the content of the file
Copies all bootstrap methods from the given class reader to the given char buffer.
Set the major version and class name.
Put constantpool to the provided byte vector.
Put bootstrap methods into the byte vector.
Adds a constant field reference.
Adds a constant reference to the constant pool of a method.
Returns the entry with the given tag and name from the constantpool or creates a new entry
Adds a constant member reference.
Adds a tag - value pair to the constant pool of this symbol.
Adds a tag - value pair to the hash table.
Adds a long to the constant pool.
Adds a new entry to the hash table.
Adds a constant name and descriptor to the constant pool and returns the index of the entry
Adds a constant name and type to the symbol table.
Adds a string to the constant pool of utf8 values. Returns the index of the
Adds a constant to the symbol table.
Adds a constant method handle to the symbol table.
Adds a constant dynamic reference to the symbol table.
Adds a constant - invoke dynamic reference to the symbol table.
Adds a constant dynamic reference to the constant pool.
Adds a constant dynamic reference.
Adds a reference to the constant pool.
Adds a reference to a constant utf8 reference list.
Add a bootstrap method to the symbol table.
Adds a type to a specified typable index.
Get the hash code for a given string.
Clears all entries in the queue.
Returns all values with the given name.
Returns an iterator over the elements of this list.
Returns a list of all entries in this list.
Grows the buffer by a given amount.
Appends a range of characters to the internal buffer.
Visits an annotation of the specified type.
Called when the visit function is called to create the proxy methods.
Create the first areaindelegate operation.
Generate the method call with the appropriate signature for the specified target method data.
Returns a new path based on the given string.
Adds a field to the path.
Configure servletcontext.
Execute the method and return the proxy object.
Returns a sorted array of all the fielddes associated with this field.
Create a new beandef definition.
Convert jtxtransactionmode to dbtransactionmode.
Reads a property from the given object.
Put all object in the specified map.
Appends the contents of the specified buffer to this buffer.
Writes the contents of this object to the specified writer.
Copy all objects from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Writes to an output stream.
Returns the charsequence associated with the key. Returns null if the key does not exist in
Returns the integer value associated with the given key.
Returns the long value associated with the given key or null if the key is not present.
Get the double value associated with the given key.
Get the float value associated with the key.
jsonobject to jsonarray.
Adds a string value to the object under the given key.
Use this folder.
Get messages filtered by the given email filter and flagstoset. If the flagst
Update the flags of the specified email.
Close the folder if it exists.
Look up a named parameter.
Validates this action against the given profiles.
Adds a violation.
Set the MIME type of the current context as the specified string. If the specified string is
Sets the filename of the file to be downloadable.
Set the target inputstream for this method.
Set the target class.
Set the target class.
Throws a proxettaexception if the inputstream is null.
Create the class.
Create a new instance of the class.
Dumps the current time folder of the proxy class.
Set from address with the given personalname and from address.
Adds the specified email address to the address array.
Adds a new recipient address with the given personalname and to address.
Set the email addresses to reply to.
Adds a cc recipient address to the email address.
Create a plain - text message.
Sends an HTML message.
Adds a header to the response.
Returns the property value for the specified name or the default value if the property does not exist
Returns the boolean value for the given name. If the name does not exist returns the default
Returns the int value for the specified name. If the name does not exist or the value
Returns the long value for the specified name. If the name does not exist or the value
Get the parameters of this method.
Adds a key value pair to the path. If the value is null the key is
Looks up an alias and if not found uses the default actionpath.
Returns the alias of the given string.
Adds aultpath to the resultpath if the given value is non - null.
Resolves a string alias by using the resultpath and the provided value.
Returns the last index of the last dot of the specified string or - 1 if str is
Returns the index of the last character in str_ that is not a dot after str_
Returns the index of the last character in str_ that is not a dot after str_
Attempts to resolve thechemaname of the class represented by the dbtable class.
Resolves a columndes descriptor for the specified property.
Initializes the cache with a key and a tweak.
Calculate the mix of x and y at a given depth_of_d_in_
demix d_in_r by j and d_in_r.
Assumes num_ > = s
Initializes this object with the given key message and the given bytestolongs values.
Encrypt a block of bytes.
Returns an array of size size elements from the input array starting from the specified offset.
Remove anybounding between s and e.
Returns the full path of the method.
Writes the contents of a file to a file. If the file is not a directory
GZip compress a file.
Converts a file object to a gzipped file object.
Returns a list of all zip entries in a zip file.
Unzip a string to a directory.
Adds a file to a zip outputstream.
Create a zip entry and add it to the output stream.
Returns the fielddes link to the fields with the specified name if declared is true
Returns the property descriptor for the property with the given name.
Set the Bundle name of the current request to the specified string.
Sets the session locale to the supplied string.
Gets the session locale.
Filter the parameters for a beanname.
Adds one or more profiles to the propsentries.
Reads a long value from a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Reads all data from the inputstream into a byte array.
Reads a label.
Returns the number of bytes that would be used as a type annotation.
Returns an array of unsigned shorts for an attribute.
Returns an array of all the ctordes associated with the current class. If the class
Gets the ctordes Iterate over all the parameters and return the first non - null
Returns the request map for the attribute of the given servlet request.
Makes a map from a String to a transientbeandata.
Convert array to long array.
Override this method to initialize the servlet.
Searchpath and add a file object to the list of files to be found.
Searches for a file with the specified path and adds it to the searchpath container.
Appends the given patterns to the end of the file.
Adds one or more patterns to the exclude list.
Adds a file to the path list if it doesn t exist already.
Returns a list of all files in the directory.
Initializes the list of todofiles. The list of todofiles is
Returns an iterator over the files.
Returns the wiring mode of the specified class or the default wiring mode if no w
Resolve the bean name.
Return a printwriter for this object.
Returns the servlet outputstream.
Returns the class name of this element.
Returns the same string as this string but without the parameters.
Returns the method descriptor of the given return type with the given argument types appended.
Returns the method descriptor for the given method.
Appends a string to the value builder.
Gets the number of elements to be included in the result.
Returns the number of arguments to be passed to the method.
Set the rollback only.
Call the commitor to commit or rollback all the resources.
Rollback all resources.
Send a resource to the server.
Pop the name of this model object.
Write a string to the stream.
Converts the specified character to unicode and writes it to the output stream.
Write a charsequence.
Sets the log level to be used for parsing error messages.
Start region.
Checks if the given string is multiple of this string include the given string.
Registers a pseudo - function as a pseudo - function.
Returns the pseudo - function with the given name creating a new pseudo - function if necessary.
Overrides the visitor to initialize the proxy.
Visits an annotation of the specified type.
Generates the code for the clinit block and the method for the clinit block.
Generate the proxy method that will be called when this is the first argument constructor.
Obtains the proxy for all the superclassreaders.
Returns the index of the lowest element higher than the specified search target or - 1 if none
Add the given string to the current string.
Replace the Asminstructions in the given class file with their attributes.
Returns an array with all of the attributes for this class and all of its methods.
Registers an SQL type with the context.
Returns the sqltype object for this class or null if the class is not found.
Look up an instance of sqltype.
Create a new proxyinfo instance with the given parameters.
Create a new proxyinfo instance with the given parameters.
Create a new proxyinfo instance with the given parameters.
Get the total number of threads in the thread stack.
Get the number of transactions with the given status.
Associates a transaction with the associated jtxtransaction list. The associated jtxtransaction list
Compare the current isolation level of the source mode to the dest mode and throw an exception if
Lookup resource manager jtxresourcemanager.
Create a proxy instance for a specific class.
Append a method name to the path.
Returns a string of the specified size with left and right padded with a string of the specified
Converts a string to a string with the specified first char and a separator to be uppercase
Returns a string of len characters where len is the length of the source string. If the
Converts tabstospaces in a string to the specified tabwidth.
Returns the escaped string.
Unescapes a string.
Get the bean of the specified type.
Get a bean by its name.
Initialize the specified beandef definition.
Invokes the provider method if the provider method is available.
Register a bean with the specified wiring mode.
Set the property value of an object.
Return the property value of the bean with the given name.
Shuts down the scope manager.
Resolves the method parameter list for an accessibleobject.
write body content to jsp writer
Get the resolvemacros value with the given profiles.
Ends the builder by removing all nodes that are not a child of the current node.
Creates an element node for a given tag.
Removes the last child node from the parent node.
Returns the query string.
Returns the name of the class for the specified action.
Returns the index of the first entry of the specified range with the specified number of occurrences.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified string with the specified string.
Replaces the specified sub - character with the specified with.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified char array with the specified string.
Replace the first occurrence of sub in s with with with with with.
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with with with with.
Returns a string with the last index of the specified sub string replaced with the specified with.
Returns a string with the specified sub - character replaced with the specified with character.
Removes the specified string from the specified string.
Returns the specified string with the specified character removed.
Returns true if all strings are true.
Returns true if all strings are not equals to false.
Returns an array of strings representing the contents of the given array.
Changes the upper case of the specified string to upper case and changes the original string.
Returns the title of the specified string.
Compress a string by a single character.
Returns true if the first character of the given string is lower case and the last character of
Returns true if the specified string contains the specified char.
Count the number of occurrences of a string in a given string sub.
Returns true if the specified string array equals the specified string array ignoring case ; false otherwise.
Returns the index of whitespace in the specified string starting at the specified index and ending at the
Stripleading char.
Strip a single char from a string.
Returns a string with the specified char removed.
Returns the specified string with the specified char inserted at the end of the specified string.
Strip from the specified character.
Cut all of the strings in the array and place the result in the array.
Trims the left side of a string.
Trims the right side of a string.
Returns the number of occurrences of the specified substring of the specified string at the specified offset in
Join a collection of strings with a separator character.
Joins an array of objects into a single string.
Converts a charset from a source string to a new string.
Checks to see if a specific char is charatequal in a string.
Surround the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
Adds the given prefix to the given string if it is not already a prefix. If
Adds a suffix to a string if not already present.
Cut to indexof.
Cut a string from indexof.
Cut the prefix of a string.
Cuts a string by removing the suffix.
Returns a string with the specified prefix and suffix removed.
Inserts the specified string at the specified offset.
Returns a string by a given number of characters.
Reverses a string.
Returns a string with the largest common prefix between the two strings.
Finds a common prefix for a number of strings.
Shorten the given string by removing any whitespace characters from the beginning and end of the string
Touppercase the given string.
Remove single quotes from a string.
Converts an array of bytes to a hexadecimal string.
Gets the bytes from a string using the default encoding.
Detects a quote character in a string.
Visits an integer field.
Visit an annotation.
Add a descriptor to the descriptor map. If an existing descriptor with the same name already exists
Registers all entities of the given type. If force is true the entity is removed
Remove an entity descriptor from the descriptor map.
Create an instance of an entity.
Set the target interface.
Injects the target field of the given wrapper into the wrapped object.
Look up all the properties associated with the given class.
Detect database and Configure dboom.
Closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
Write a byte to the stream.
This method is called by the filter chain to invalidate the session.
Gets the encoded name.
Return the content of this buffer as a byte array.
Writes the content of the current file to the given destination file.
Copies the content of the specified stream to the specified output stream.
Appends a constant to the string.
Prepend a string with a type.
Change the type of a string by appending the number of characters to the end of the string
Overrides the default implementation to strip the leading and trailing whitespace from the specified text.
Registers a type converter.
Looks up the converters for the given type.
Select nodes that match the given query.
Select a collection of selectors.
Selects a set of selectors and adds them to the result list.
Get the first node that matches the query.
Recursively walks the nodes of a linkedlist nodeset.
Recursively walks the node tree starting at the specified root node.
Adds a new node to the result list and adds it to the supplied css selector.
Returns an array containing all of the characters in the packed string.
Increments the buffer size by the number of bytes in the string.
Returns a page of data.
Removes the specified string from the sql string.
removetofrom = num_ ;
Removes the order by part of the specified SQL string.
Decodes the specified string.
Detects the name of the specified entity.
Builds theordersql for a string query.
Builds the SQL for a pagesize statement.
Resolves columns and properties.
Find the dbentity columndes specified column.
Find a columndesDescriptor by its propertyname.
Gets the propertyname for the specified column.
Returns the column name for the specified property.
Get the value of the id property of the specified object.
Sets the value of the id property of the specified object.
Get the string representation of an object s key - value pair.
Appends a string to the end of the string pool.
Set the current index of the String pool. If the new index is out of bounds a
Expands the capacity of the internal array.
Returns the length of each element in the array.
Create mixing message.
Return the proxy bean instance for a refbeandef definition.
Initializes the map from the list of files.
Returns whether or not the given file is actually a file.
Use a file to watch for a given string.
Start the timer.
Called when a dirwatcherevent of a particular type is received.
Adds an enumeration to the list of enumerations.
Computes the computes of the current parameterization.
Put fieldinfo on a byte vector.
Returns a target instance for the specified value.
Writes the property value to the injectionpoint object.
Decorates a page and writes it to a writer.
Parse a page.
Writes decorator content to the specified output writer with the specified number of decoratags.
Writes a page content with the specified decoratags to the specified writer.
Start the server
Runs the specified process and waits for its result.
Override this method if you want to override the default authenticator.
Create a new outputstream.
If hint is not null increment increment increment count by one.
Append the columnname to the string builder.
Add a rule to the list of rules.
Applies the flag to the flag value.
Processes the includes of a rule and determines if it should be included or not.
Checks whether the value should be included in the includes list.
Gets the name of the class without the package.
Adds all elements in the specified collection to this set.
Finds the insertionpoint of the specified element in the specified range.
Binds annotation type to actionconfig.
Registers a new action configuration class and returns it.
Returns the action configuration for the specified class or annotation type.
Registers a consumer to an actionconfig of the specified type.
Sets up the system mail properties.
Perform validation on an object.
Find the element of the last table in the list.
Fixes the elements in the roster.
Retrieve the sessionbeans from the httpsession.
Retrieve the session data for this session.
Initialize with a new package and supername with the specified suffix and request proxy class name.
Adds a method with the specified name. If the method does not exist a new one
Ends the action and registers the bundle with the bundle manager.
Adds the operator to the section.
Add the operator to the profile key and if the key does not exist it will be added
add a string to the key profiles if the operator == copy
Convert a typed string to a classname.
Converts a string to a typeref name.
Gets the typetotyperef for a given class.
Adds all consumers to the collection.
Create a new collection with a given length.
Converts a single element collection to a collection.
Convert a value to a collection.
Convert collection to collection.
Adds a line number to the current line number.
Makes the current thread a call to this class to visit the specified line number.
Puts the bytecode for a forward reference.
Add a reference to the forward reference list.
Mark the given subroutine as being a subroutine of this type.
Compareigits for the given strings.
fixaccent returns the specified char.
Adds a byte to the vector.
Put two bytes into the vector.
Put a short into the vector.
Puts a 12 - byte integer into the vector.
Put a number of bytes into the vector.
Put an int into the vector.
Put a short vector into the vector.
Put a long into the vector.
Put a byte array into the vector.
Enlarges data to fit the specified capacity.
Authenticates a request for a https session.
Authenticates the current user with the specified action request.
Authenticate a user for the specified action request using the specified username and password.
Returns the message with the specified key for the specified locale. If no message with the specified
Returns a resourcebundle instance for the specified string and locale using the specified classloader.
Returns the k - th element of the given array at the given index.
Set the entity s id value to the supplied new id value.
Saves an entity to the database.
Update all objects of the given type.
Updates a property of an entity.
Update a property
Find an entity by its id.
Searches for an entity of the specified type that has the specified property value.
Searches for an entity matching the specified criteria.
Inserts a new entity of the specified type with the specified id.
Update the given entity.
Get the count of all entities of a given entity type.
Increase a property.
Decreases a property.
Returns the entities linked to the given target object and source object.
Returns all entities for the specified target class.
Removes all attributes from this object.
Overrides the default set implementation.
Add an object to the map.
Removes an attribute from this set.
Get the current stack trace.
Extract the stacktrace of a throwable
Get a list of all stack trace elements.
Returns an array containing all the stack trace of the given throwable.
Returns a string containing the stack trace of the specified exception.
Exceptionchaintostring.
Builds a message with the given message and the cause.
Unwraps a throwable until it is enabled.
Register the class as consumer.
Accepts a madvoc component class as a Madvoc component.
Retrieves the system classloader.
returns the inputstream of the specified resource.
returns the inputstream of the specified resource
Returns the inputstream of the specified class.
Returns an inputstream with the specified classname and classloader.
Adds a string to this route.
Find or create a child for a given string.
Parses all parameter values from the request and adds them to the map.
Converts the specified object to the specified destination type and component type.
This method invokes a bean property s component type or collection type.
Set the value of a property in an array. The index must be greater than or equal
Create a new instance of a bean property.
Extracts the type of the property from the bean.
Stop the current session.
Start the session.
Returns the given localdate as a date.
Returns a calendar instance for a given local date and time.
Defines a proxy for the specified class.
Add a check.
Create a new validationcontext instance and add the specified class to it.
Add a class to the cache.
Collects annotations on a property descriptor.
Collect annotation checks for specified target type and target name.
Copy default check properties from an annotation to another annotation.
Encodes a string with the given encoding.
Encodes the given string with the given encoding.
Encode URI scheme with the specified encoding.
Encode the specified host with the specified encoding.
Encode port with specified encoding.
Encode a path with the given encoding.
Encode a string with the given encoding.
Encode a queryparam with the given encoding.
Generates a URI fragment using the specified encoding.
Returns a HashMap with all the properties of the current class.
Returns an array of all properties sorted by name.
Returns an array with all the cookies in the response.
Unzip the response
Close the HTTP connection.
Determines whether or not a particular scope should be considered as a scope for the current thread
Encrypt a byte array.
Decrypt a block of data
Convert map to bean.
Generates a list of objects from a map.
Sets the value of a property on a target object.
Allows to generic type - check if the key type is string.
Compare this object to the specified object.
Set the header with the given name to the given value. If the value is null then
Sends a http request to the server and elapsed time in milliseconds.
Called by the HTTP client to send a request to the server.
Add the default headers to the request.
Read cookies from httpresponse.
Add a worker to the httprequest.
Send a message to the specified email.
set the subject of the message
Sets the date the message was sent.
set headers on the email object if not already set
set replyto and replyto fields of email with data
Sends a message to the given email with the given data.
add bodydata to emailwithdata
Sets the content of the email message.
Create a mimebodypart object from an attachment
Get content type from dataheader.
Adds a result set.
Close all resultsets.
Closes the current statement and returns the result set. If an error occurs while closing the
Closes this query and cleans up its resources.
Set the fetchsize of the result set.
Sets the maximum number of rows in the result set.
Execute update.
Returns the number of times the query was executed.
Returns a set of generated columns.
Returns the query string of this prepared statement.
Returns a proxy of the specified aspect class.
Returns a collection of the elements returned by the supplied iterator.
Returns a stream of the elements returned by the supplied iterator.
Compares two elements.
Set the default wiringmode.
Print the message and the throwable at the specified level.
Gets the current stack trace and the current stack trace as a string.
Get the shortenclassname of this classname.
Exclude a set of types from being included in the JSON.
Serializes the given object to a JSON context.
Serializes an object to a string.
Clone a serializable object.
Writes an object to a file.
Reads an object from a file.
Convert an object to a byte array.
the classnotfoundexception is the class not foundexception is the class not foundexception is
Gets the names of the classes that have been resolvemapped.
Returns a string array with all names of the specified type.
Return the column value of the current row of the result set as an object.
Caches all the objects in the given array.
Resolves a provider definition for the given class type and method name.
Applies the tablenameto entityname to the specified string.
Returns whether a connection is valid or not.
Override this method to return the error page for the specified target.
Return the target for the specified action request and path. If the path does not exist the
Return the current printwriter.
Returns the outputstream of the servlet.
Writes the specified content to the output stream using the specified encoding.
Set the content type.
Print a string to the output stream.
Start the authentication process.
jsonresult tokenasjson.
Tries to login using userauth.
Create a file object from a url.
Creates the given directory if it does not already exist.
Creates a directory if it does not already exist.
copyfile - > copyfile - > copyfile
Copies a file to a directory.
Copies a file from the source directory to the destination directory.
Copies the source directory to the destination directory. If the destination directory does not exist
cleandir delete a directory
Reads the contents of the specified file into an array of chars. The encoding of the
Reads a set of chars from the specified file using the specified encoding.
Write char array to file.
Write string data to a file.
Append string data to a file.
Read a number of bytes from a file.
Write a number of bytes to a file.
Append a number of bytes to a file.
Copies a file or a directory.
Deletes a file or directory.
Creates a new file with the given prefix and suffix and returns it.
Returns true if the file is a binary file false otherwise.
Copies the content of a file to a directory.
Copies the content of a file to another file.
Prints the usage of this command.
Returns the action method for the given action class and method name.
Registers an action method.
Register a path alias.
Moves the iterator to the next boolean.
Create a chararraysequence from a char array.
Execute the method on the proxytarget object.
Returns true if all characters in the input match the upper case rules.
Returns a charsequence of the specified range.
Returns an array of url for the specified class.
Joins a list of through addresses. The list of through addresses will be joined with a
Registers a class type with the factory.
Looks up a serializer for a class.
Parses the given inputstream and creates a new multipart - request file. If the file
Returns the value of the first parameter with the given name.
Gets parameter values.
Returns the value of a file upload parameter.
Returns an array with the files with the given parameter.
Initialize the parameter.
Parses the specified string and adds it to the sql builder.
Finds the end of the string.
Count the number of escaped characters in a string.
Builds a string query from a set of querymap.
Parse query string.
Prepares a header parameter name.
Extracts the full type from the content type string.
Generates the HTML representation of the given node.
Generates a string representation of the specified node and adds it to the appendable.
Configure the webapp with the parameter madvoc.
Resets the context.
Set the lazy = lazy flag.
Replaces the class with an additional instance of the class type.
Parses the given string as a list of components of the specified component type.
Converts a string to a map of keys and values.
If the value is a supplier returns it. Otherwise returns the supplied value.
Skip object.
Reads a string from the stream.
Read the content of a string.
Generate a hex character from the input array and return it.
Parses the content of the current line into a string.
Returns the number of times the string was found in the input or 0 if the input is
object to be used as an array content.
Generates the code necessary to store the state of the state machine.
Generates the code for a simple method wrapper.
Convert a string to a string that can be used as the result of a lookup for the
resolvereference a property descriptor to a bean reference.
Convert a parameter list to an array of bean references. If the parameter list does not have
Read allreferences from an annotation.
Returns an array of beanreferences for the specified executable or null if the executable does not contain
Returns a beanreferences object whose type and name are the same as the specified property descriptor.
Remove all entries from the given array of beanreferences.
Convertreftoreferences.
Convertannvaluetoreferences.
Runs the jSetup script and passes it to the consumer. The consumer will be invoked
Returns the bool_ method for a class.
Returns the first constructor matching the given parametertypes.
Resolves all interfaces of the given type.
Compares two parameter lists to see if they are the same.
Force access to an accessible object.
Instantiates an instance of the specified class with its parameters.
Returns all the superclasses of the given type.
Get the child class of the given object.
Get the jarfile of the given class.
Causes the current thread to sleep for the specified amount of time.
Causes the current thread to sleep for a long time.
Wait for an object to become available.
Creates a new thread factory with the specified name and priority.
Get the current value.
Visits a parameter.
Visits an annotation of the given type.
Visits a field instruction.
Visits a string field or method.
Visits a bootstrap method with the given name and descriptor.
Visits a label.
Visits a multianewarrayinsn instruction.
Visits a try catch block node.
Converttowriter.
copy all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Advances the iterator to the next element.
Returns true if the last element of the list is a non - top - level element.
Joins the given arrays with the component type.
Joins arrays of the specified component type into a new array of the specified component type.
Resize an array to a newsize size.
Appends an element to the end of the array buffer.
Removes a component of the specified type from the specified offset of the specified array.
Returns the index of the specified value in the array or - 1 if the value is not
Returns the index of the given value in the array or - 1 if the value is not
Returns the index of the specified sub - array of the specified array starting at the specified index
Enables or disables the tag mode.
Parse XML content.
Parse the document from the given lagartoparser.
This method computes theemaxstackandlocal algorithm.
End the current simple block with no code.
Collects the attributep entry types for a given attribute set.
Inject a target object into the context.
Registers a pseudo class as a pseudo class.
Returns the pseudo - class of the given string.
Perform an action request.
Returns the names of all the beanpropertyn messages for the given class type.
Visits all properties of the source object and all child objects.
Returns true if the specified property name matches the specified rule.
Resolves a method injectionpoint for the given class.
Read filterconfig parameters into target object.
Sends bundlefile to http servlet response
Lookup the bundlefile for the given bundle id.
Do a lookup of the gzip bundle file.
Registers a bundle with the strategy.
Computes the SHA - 256 hash of the given string.
Download and download a list of strings from the bundle. If the bundle does not exist or
Clears all files.
Fixes a CSS url pattern.
Adds a column to an entity to the table.
Creates a string representation of the given entity.
Get the dbsession resource.
Converts an object to a multi - element array.
Parse the signature for a list of strings.
Resolves the bean for the given class type.
Returns true if the given propertytype matches this pattern.
Opens a connection to the database.
Starts a opentx transaction.
Closes the current transaction to the specified boolean value.
Commits the transaction.
Rollback a transaction.
Load properties from a file.
create a properties object from a string
Load properties from a string.
Returns a subset of properties with the given prefix.
Create properties from classpath.
Gets property.
Resolve allvariables properties.
Resolves a property.
add to the pattern replace the class name with the method name
Returns the transaction mode for the specified method. If no tx mode exists for the specified method
Register a list of annotations for the current transaction.
Read transaction annotation for a method.
Overrides the acceptance of a node with a predicate to determine if the node should be
Checks if the element of this node matches the element of the specified node.
Determines whether a node is to be included in the current result or not.
Unescapes str_ with num_.
Builds a list of packages with the specified version number.
Wraps the specified node to be clonetoed if necessary.
Removes this node from its parent node.
Adds a child to the node list.
Inserts a child node at the given index.
Insert a child node before another node.
Inserts a new child before a given child node.
Insert a child node after another child node.
Insert a new node into the list after a given node.
Remove all child nodes.
Return the child node with the given name.
Returns an array containing all child nodes that match the given predicate.
Checks to see if this node has any child nodes.
Initializes the list of child elementnodes for this node.
Initialize sibling names.
Initialize the childnodes.
Changes the ownerdocument of the specified node.
Return the previous sibling node with the same name as this node.
Returns the text content of the child nodes.
Returns an innerhtml string representation of this document.
Visits all child nodes of the specified node.
Returns the CSS path of the node.
On Decoratag.
Processes the id attribute of the tag.
Adds the specified decoratag to the list of decoratags.
Adds a new proxy - level annotation to the proxy - level annotation.
Adds a string to the list of packages and mappings.
Adds a mapping from an action class to the package rootof.
Find the package for the specified action path.
Resolves a validation message for the given violation.
Returns a copy of this object with the specified names removed.
Adds a pattern to the propsname pattern.
Remove all registered targets from the list and pass the target consumer to each of them.
Iterates over all targets and collects the in scope of the target with the specified injection
Convenient helper method to loop through all the targets and write the result to the out
Extracts the parameter values from the current object.
Returns the target action target array with method parameters. If the methodparams array is null then
Create the action method for the given class.
Notifies the listeners that a session has been created.
This method is used to remove a session from the session manager.
Adds the specified object value to this array.
Adds all the elements of the given jsonarray to this jsonarray.
Remove the object at the given position.
Resolves boolean values to a target string.
target not found exception
If the valueobject is not an array returns the valueobject. Otherwise returns the valueobject
Adds the specified actionfilter class to the set of registered filters.
Returns the name of the class without the package.
Resolves the specified propertyinjectionpoint to an array of propertyinjectionpoint objects
Create aocks4 proxy socket.
Returns the total number of attributes in the attribute list.
Returns a new hash set of all the actionresult objects in this set.
Returns true if the given character equals one of the specified charsequence.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified match in the source charsequence or -
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified match in the source array or - 1
Adds a string array to the argument list. If the number of arguments is greater than
Add a value for an environment variable.
Starts the process.
Invokes the object s methods with the specified class.
Copies data from the given frame into this data frame.
Returns the internefrom descriptor associated with the specified string or an internal string if no such
Set the inputframe from the specified object array and the specified stack. The inputframe is
Gets the local index of the output buffer.
Sets the local index of the abstract type.
Pushes an abstract type onto the stack.
Pushes a descriptor to the top of the stack.
Removes the given number of elements from the top of the stack.
Returns the number of non - null non - null non - empty non - null non -
Adds an abstract type to theinitializedtype list.
Returns the abstract type of the initialization or the uninitialized type if the abstract type is un
Put the abstract type of an item into the byte vector.
Get the number of cache objects that are prunecacheable.
Visit a module.
Visits an outer class.
Visits an annotation of the given type.
Get the current thread session.
Closes the current thread s database session.
Creates the action wrapper array.
Invokes an action method.
read the request body
Returns the index of the first item of a page.
Returns the index of the first item in the page with the specified total.
Returns true if the specified value matches this predicate.
Wraps a char array to a byte array.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified match in the source array or - 1
Return the resolvenodename of the specified node.
Resolves the attributecase to the name of the given attribute.
Loads properties from a file.
Load props from a file.
Load props from an inputstream.
Load properties from a map.
Loads properties from a map.
Load properties from the classpath.
Returns the value associated with the key as a string or the default value if the key is
Set the value of a property on this profile object.
Extract properties from the specified map to the specified target object.
Extract properties from target map.
Extract the specified sub - properties from the specified target map to the specified sub - properties.
Returns the inner map of the current object.
Add additional values to the map.
Resolves the active profiles.
Returns all profiles.
Get all profiles for a given property key.
Adds a propertyinjectionpoint to the properties array.
Adds a sip to the setinjectionpoint array.
Adds a methodinjectionpoint to the signature.
Adds a list of init methodpoints to the list of methods to be initialized.
Adds a list of methodpoints to the list of methods to destroy.
Resolves the specified class to its super and wrapper classes.
Inject target object to the wrapper object.
Returns the type of the target field of the given class.
Find the fielddes term for the given field.
Returns the type of this field.
Resolves the key type.
Resolves the component type.
Creates a jsonresult object from the given object.
create a jsonresult with the error details for the given exception.
Resolve the http - method from the method name.
Returns true if the number of times the pattern appears in the string.
Resolves loading rules for the specified classname.
Override this method to override the default implementation of the loading of a class.
Override this method to provide a url for a resource.
Wait for the thread to end.
Returns the annotation type of the input annotation or null if the input annotation is not an annotation
Build an injectionpoint from the annotation value and the property name of the madvoc
Visits the current class descriptor.
Returns an array of urls for the specified class.
Sets the bean.
Update the bean of this supplier.
Loads the property descriptor.
Connects to the dboom database.
Adds an iterator to the string.
Prints the content of the chalk.
Stops the database and global objects.
Create a socket to the specified host and port. If the connection timeout is smaller than num
Create a ssl socket
Returns the default sslsocket factory for the specified protocol. If the protocol is not set or
Create a socket factory based on the proxy information.
Generate a random string.
Generate a random string from the specified range.
Generate a random string with the specified ranges.
Create an instance of an array.
Injects a boolean value to a target object.
Convert the value to the specified type.
Visits a provide provider.
Returns a typecache with a default implementation.
Put t.
Returns a sorted array of all methods descriptor for this collection.
Returns the inet address of the specified hostname or null if the hostname is unknown.
Extracts an ipasint from a string.
Validate theagaintipadressv4 format.
Returns the hostname of the specified ip address or null if the ip address is unknown.
Download bytes from a url.
Download string from url with specified encoding.
Downloads a file from the given url.
Returns a socket connected to the specified hostname and port.
Create a new socket and connect it to the specified hostname and port with the specified connection timeout
Gets the index of the classname.
Override this method to load a class.
Return the class array of the specified component type from the specified classloader.
Shutdown all the instance manager threads and wait for all to finish.
Searches for the element in the array using binarysearch.
Searches for the element in the array using the given comparator.
Exclude any rule from this rule.
Includes the specified rules from this rule.
Includes all properties of this class.
Start the tag with the specified index.
Register a component.
Attempts to resolve a column definition to the specified sql type. If the column definition is
Override this method if you want to override the preproces space character.
Creates a resultset mapper from the specified resultset.
Finds a key with the boolean columns set to true.
Generate unique column names for an entity.
Override this method to create your own bean implementation.
Set a bean.
Sets the values of this query parameter to the values of the given map.
Set objects to a new q.
Inserts the specified chunk after the specified chunk.
Looks up the type of the specified entity.
Find the columnref of the specified column.
Attempts to resolve the alias of the specified dbentity descriptor from the specified tableref
Returns the class of the given object.
Appends missingspace to the given string builder.
Returns an enumeration of the fileparameter names associated with this request.
include a string with a page value
Gets the url.
Gets the request uri.
Resolves method parameter names for the given action class method.
Start the cache.
Stops the service.
Sets the subject of the e - mail message.
Set the messageid of the e - mail filter.
Set the from address as the search term.
Add a recipient string to the email.
Add a cc recipient string to the email.
Emailfilter for addresses that are direct children of a recipient.
Applies the given flags to the email.
Adds a boolean flag to the email filter.
sends a received date to the e - mail.
Filter the sentdate for the given operator for the given amount of milliseconds.
Sets the size of the email filter to the given value.
Add the given email filters to the existing email filters.
OR one or more filters.
Negates an emailfilter.
Concatenates search term to nextisnot.
Converts a byte array into a base 32 string.
Is gzipeligible for the given request.
Validate the given object against the current validation context.
Validate the specified object against the specified validation context.
Adds a profile to the list of enabled profiles.
Use a list of enabled profiles.
Checks whether the given string array contains a match.
Create a JSON object from a string.
Returns the number of milliseconds since the epoch.
Adds the specified j specification to this object and returns the result.
Subtracts a jLockedandate from this to the given jLockedandate.
Set the element f to an integer.
Emit a comment between the from and to positions according to the configuration.
Error function.
Create a hash string from a password.
Returns the specified password salt iterations and bytes as a secret key.
Converts a hex string into an array of bytes.
Resolves a provider definition for the specified type and name.
Sets the name of the email address.
contentid to name if missing.
Attempts to determine the MIME type for the given content type.
Set the type of a method signature.
Computes the profile for a Treebank - like model.
Put attributes to a bytevector.
Decodes a string with the given encoding.
Decode a string with the given encoding.
Start str_.
Check connection provider.
overrides the visitor to override the visit method.
overrides the visitor to override the visitend method
Creates a new method signature.
Converts an array of objects to a csv string.
Converts a string to an array of strings.
Resolves a ctorinjectionpoint for the given class type.
Create a class reader from the class of the specified proxyadviceclass reader.
Lazily creates and returns the class reader or creates a proxyadviceclass
Encrypt a string.
Replace all occurrences of str_ with str_.
Returns the logger of the given name.
Set the name of this class.
Creates a new action request instance.
Override this method to create a new bean.
Destroys a bean.
This method is called when the server shuts down and cleans up all managed beans.
Retrieve messages from specified folder.
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Runs the threads that report messages.
Print a message to the standard out.
Print printrate.
Attempts to map a file to a read - only version.
Stop the replay session and remove the replay destination.
The minimum work count is the number of times the condition is satisfied. If the condition is
Returns the position of the raw data in the log metadata buffer.
Inserts a vector into the current partition. If the current partition is closed it is added
Adds padding to the current partition.
Closes the session
Polls for an error response from the server.
Stop a replay session.
Sends an eventavailable image to the system out.
Unavailable image.
aeron status for a channel.
Create a status reader for a specific channel.
Sets the limit for the string.
Append a number of bytes from a direct buffer to this buffer.
Return the number of messages to be reported. If there are no messages to be reported the
Creates a new mappedbytebuffer with the given aerondDirectory name and report
Creates a snapshot of the current data.
Create a new big - endian unsafebuffer.
Create a key buffer and add it to the keyoffset and keylength.
Add a direct label buffer to the group. The order of the labels is not specified.
Establishes a new connection with the specified response channel and correlationid.
Attempts to connect to a remote peer.
Add a closesession request header to the buffer.
This method is used to start a new conversation with a specific stream.
This method is used to stop recording of a particular stream.
Convenience method to send a replay request to the client.
Stops a replay request.
This method is used to list all recordings associated with a call back from a call back
This method is used to list recordings for a uri stream.
This method is used to list recording requests that have not yet been received.
This method is used to extend a recording request for a specific channel.
Returns a recordingposition with the given parameters.
Sends a stopposition request.
Generates a message header with the given parameters. The message header contains a Base64 encoded
Checks to see if the udpchannel has the tag and the local data.
Returns the destination address of the specified channel.
Returns a description of this interface as a string.
Adds a new destination to the connections array.
Inserts a new packet into an existing buffer.
Finds a new atomiccounter with the same type and record offset as the input counters.
Add a string parameter.
Returns the channel tag index for this channel.
The index of the tag associated with this entity.
Adds a sessionid to a channel uri.
Gets the tag of the parameter value. Returns invalid_tag if the parameter value is
Adds a padding to the current context.
Checks whether there is enough data left in the buffer to store the new data. If
Allocates a new unsafebufferposition object.
Returns the label name for the specified type.
Scans for data in the specified termbuffer starting at the specified offset and with the specified
Clears all the fields of this channeluristring builder.
Validate the state of the channeluristringbuilder.
Sets the prefix of the channeluristringbuilder.
Set the media attribute of the channeluristringbuilder.
Set the controlmode of the channel.
Sets the Attempts length of the channeluristring builder s log buffer.
Set the term offset for the channeluristring builder.
Sets the linger of the channel.
Closes this channel and all its associated resources.
Checks to see if a frame is valid.
Receives an inetsocketaddress from the given buffer. If the channel is not open
Adds a new reTransmitsender to the activeretransmitsmap
Processtime out a given retransmitsender for a given number of tries
Set the string status.
Allocates an atomiccounter with the specified name and channel.
Resets the internal buffer.
Checks that the internal buffer is valid.
Validate andcomputes the length of a vector array.
Calculate the producer windowlength.
Checks to see if a datagram channel can be opened.
Validate pagesize of a string.
Throw a configuration exception if the low and high values are out of range.
Validate that the specified clientlivenesstimeoutns and timerIntervalns are within
error_code_offset = 0 ;
Resets this object so it can be re - used.
Converts an array of clustermembers to a string.
Adds the member status publications to the channel uri.
Closes all the publications from the given clustermines.
Returns true if all clustermembers are active.
Returns the quorumposition of the specified members.
Resets the logposition of all clustermembers.
Returns true if all clustermembers at the given position have votersre
Returns true if the specified array of members have a fullcount.
Returns true if the specified array of clustermembers contains a vote with the specified
Returns the specified member from the array of clustermembers. If the specified member
Validates that the specified member has a valid endpointsd detail.
Return true if the two clustermToFile instances are the same.
Returns true if the specified candidate is less than the specified logposition.
Returns true if at least one of the specified clustermembers is a quorum
Returns true if one of the provided members is not duplicate.
Returns the index of the member with the given ID.
Removes a member from an array.
Returns the highid of an array of clustermembers.
Return the cnc_file if it exists otherwise return null.
check if is driveractive by mapping the cnc_file to the Drivertime
Return true if the drivertimeoutms is driveractive i. e. if
Determines if the cncbytebuffer is active.
Drivertermination via the cnc_file descriptor.
Returns the framel ndarray of the unsafebuffer at the given term offset.
Puts the framel representation in a little - endian order to a given buffer. The
Converts a short to a little - endian integer and writes it to the given buffer.
Adds a flags field to a frame.
Write a little - format termoffset to a buffer.
Write a little - format termid to a buffer.
Find the first record of a given recording id.
Find the best match for the session id.
Get recording id from counters reader.
Checks if the given recording is active.
This method is used to set the application specific field of the status message.
Reloads the current file.
Returns the last entry in the list.
Creates a new recovery plan for the aeron archive.
Creates a new recovery plan from the specified snapshot list.
Appends a term record.
Appends a snapshot of a record.
Commits a logposition entry.
Writes a single entry to the current file.
Close all streams.
Inserts a vector into the buffer if it isn t already present.
Unblock a block of log metadata.
Returns the length of the next channel in the buffer.
Set the channel of the imagemessageflyweight.
Checks whether the vectors length is valid. Throws an exception if the vectors length is
Verify that pagesize is valid.
Return true if the test for active term count equals the expected term count.
Computes the position of a term at a given positionbitst Sift.
computes log length of a partition.
store the default frame header at the end of the metadata buffer
Puts a frame header at the end of the term buffer and sets the header length at
Copies the tail of the metadata buffer into a new term with the given number of
initialis detail with the given termid
Compute the termoffset of the raw data.
Returns the raw tail volatile version of the given metadata buffer.
CAS raw tail for a partition.
Add a token buffer to the internal buffer. If the internal buffer is smaller than the token
Allocates a new temp buffer and initializes it with values from the specified buffer.
Returns the index of the first record in the buffer that contains the recovery_state_type
Checks to see if a replay with the given counterid has been recycled.
Get the service count and serviceid of a record from the counters reader.
Returns an array of characters corresponding to the given flagstochars.
This method is used to put a channel into the buffer.
Inserts a buffer into the cluster at the specified offset and length.
Wraps the specified atomic buffer starting at the specified offset with the specified length.
Commits the frame length.
Aborts the frame and resets the frame length buffer to its initial value.
Main method. This is just for testing purposes.
Close all streams and remove all references to other objects.
Returns the position of this stereo frame.
Allocates a counter with the specified service id and key length and adds it to the
Find the first record of the given serviceid.
Allocates a new atomiccounter with the specified name and type id using the provided temp
Closes the ioutil and sets the cncbyteb record to null.
Dispatches a recording descriptor to a consumer.
Decides whether or not to add more bytes to the addslab at the specified size.
Set the byte at the specified index.
Adds a statistics to the statistics list.
Convert an array type to a group type.
Takes a struct type info and makes a corresponding Resque implementation for it.
Returns a string with the given number of occurrences of str_ and str_ = str_
Checks to see if there is a non - zero non - zero non - zero non
Reads a single t protocol and writes it to the output t protocol.
Return a list of footer objects.
Convert a summary status to a list of footer objects.
Reads from an input file with a given metadata filter.
read the next rowgroup
get the next filtered rowgroup from the current block
returns null if the columnChunk metadata contains no plain_ bonds or the rle_
Adds a newparquet record to the named writer.
Remove a record for a given writer and update the status.
Update the current memory pool
Registers a callback.
Start the file.
Start a block of code.
Starts a new column with the specified column descriptor.
Writes a dictionarypage to the file.
Convert a row count into a single row. The row count is the number of rows in
Reads the next record in the file.
Copy a range of bytes from an inputstream to another inputstream.
End the current state and write the metadata to the output stream.
Merge the metadata from a list of files.
Use WritemergedMetadataFile instead.
Writes a list of footer to an ioexception output stream.
Merges a set of metadata into a single set of metadata.
Reads the value of the binding. If the binding has not been read the binding is
Returns true if the schema is a nullok schema.
Returns the first non - null object in any of the given objects or null if none.
Returns the value of a given string according to the given schema.
Convert thriftMetadata map to thriftMetadata object.
from thriftclass to thriftclass. Returns null if thriftclass is not assignable from T
Converts the descriptor to a JSON map.
Set the repetition level and definition level of the statistics.
Writes the data to the file.
Initialize from a page.
Allocates a buffer for the minimumiblock size.
Checks if the enum at index is equal to the expected enum type.
Calculates the bitwidthsfordeltablock buffer for the minimumiblock size
Throws an exception if the exception is assignable from the given exception class.
Returns a statistics instance for the specified primitivetypname.
Returns a builder for a specific primitivetical type.
Merge the given statistics with the current statistics.
Gets the non - null schema.
Create a new taskAttemptcontext.
Invoke a method on an object.
Add a string representation of the members to a string builder.
Makes a copy of the fields. The returned list is a copy of the fields.
This method initialises the counterloader with the specified configuration.
Get a filter instance for outbound record formats.
Get the list of filest data files from the data directory. If the data directory does
Generates a list of blocks from a blockgroup and a list of blocks from a file
Write a record to the storage.
Throws an exception for all fields not present in the descriptor.
Gets the serialized proto message descriptor for the given type.
Return a list of amend missing required fields for a struct.
setfielddefinition = > elemType = > setfielddefinition
Read metadata from an inputstream. If skiprowgroups is true a new metadata will be
Close the file.
Set the job s schema.
Adds the class c and the primitivetypename p.
Throws an exception if the column found does not have a valid type.
Checks that the given long value is not equal to the original long value.
Load a typemapping definition from a schema definition.
Create a new Simon mapping from a parquet typemapping schema.
Create a new typemapping from a schema and a parquetschema.
Writes a header to a datapagev2 file.
Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk
Convenience method to write an object to confasbase64
Remove a key from the cache.
Add a value to the cache.
Get the current value associated with the key.
Convert object to an avro schema and write the non - null value to an avro schema.
Sets this object to a string.
Output the contents of the specified string to the specified file. If the filename is null or
Opens an inputstream for the given filename.
Unbound recordfilter for a particular column.
Converts a struct type to a messagetype
Get the repeated annotation for a repetition. Throws an exception if it is not a repeated
Returns the list of repeated elements of the given type.
Get the key - value pairs as a map with the key as the key and value as
This method creates a split object from an old split and returns the new split object.
Get the fields for a class by its name.
Resolves a messagetype based on the configuration. If the configuration is set to
get inputfiles of num_ files from filesystem
Check if the inputfiles are valid and throw an exception if they are.
Get input files from a partition.
Returns a page filter that filters records based on the supplied starting position and pagesize.
create a listconsumer from a class that implements the consumer interface.
Get the path topartition info for the job.
Merge the data of the given tuple to a new tuplesum summarydata.
sumup a tuple to a tuplesum summarydata
read a struct from the stream
Read a mapentry from the keyconsumer and valueconsumer.
Write an integer to the stream.
Reads a four - byte big endian integer from the buffer at the given offset.
Set the Avro schema for a job.
Use this method to override the properties of a specific topic.
Return a copy of the pipestagebeans with the same errors but with the same st
Create all interceptors of the specified type.
create an interceptor bean.
Attempts to create a parser for the given string representation of a schema.
Returns the number of times where the given millis local appears to be the same as the one
get the value of an Avro header of a record
tov2 data format.
Copy a list of source files to a blobstore directory.
Resets all fields to their default values.
Sets the healthReport of a thread. If the thread does not exist it will be created
Register a thread.
Loads the configuration file from runtimeinfo and stores the new strings in the properties file.
Perform credentiallogin on the current user.
Upgrade ifnecessary.
Append issues to a stage configuration.
Attempts to upgrade a stagedef definition to a new version of the provided library.
depending on whether or not a service is available and if it is available add the issue to
stagedefinition s stageconfiguration
Returns a list of nullreplacer conditionalconfig fieldstdonot exist and set of
Checks if the class is issystemclass.
Adds the specified element at the end of this list.
add andgetevicted - > e
Returns an optional value with the value for the given key. If the key does not exist
Creates a list of stageoutput objects and adds them to the list of reported errors.
Method to get the descriptor for a particular messagetypetofile and messaget
Returns all the file descriptor for a given file descriptor set.
Fills in the default value map for each typeto extension.
Constructs a descriptor from a string.
Messagetypeto extension map field.
Create a dynamic message based on the display descriptor and the default value map.
Messaget toprotobuf msg.
add all configs to the list of configs and replace str_ with str_ and str_
Check connection.
Convert from kudut type.
Create a field from a rowresult.
Intercepts records.
Returns the contents of the current line as a string.
This method adds missing configuration stagedef definition to stageconf.
Returns a record for the current HTTP method of the request. If the current HTTP method is
add header to response
Write the strings in the header output field to the output field of a HTTP response.
Add the num_ to the header if not already present in the response.
Die Methode wird aufgerufgerufen wird auf
Configure client.
parse the headers only
Increments the sourceoffset by a given number.
Method to parse apaginatedresult.
Add response headers.
Create a hash map with all headers as keys and the corresponding object as values.
This method is used to process the response of an operation and return the new sourceoffset.
Determine if the specified property is a property defined in the configuration.
Convert a data parserexception to a data parserexception.
Convert the original exception to a datageneratorexception.
Helper method to get credentials from the file system.
previewinfojson for a pipeline with multiple batches
Copy to a buffer.
Removes entries from the sortedset that are not in the specified packages.
Returns the index of the next fileline at the specified index.
Resolves a single line for a single file chunk.
Close the current database connection.
Returns a new string builder with the given string as the first character replace str_ with str
Build the flowcontrolsettings.
Constructs a subscription admin provider with default messages size and default endpoint.
Put an object into the buffer.
Compiles a string expression.
Create a digest of an expression.
Converts the specified inputstream to an inputstream and adds the results to this model.
Adds a reader to the index.
Stops and returns the aggregated data.
Roll up and down a new data window.
serialize an object to a string
Deserialize a string to a typeref
Reads a single typeref from a file.
Write a record to the file.
Evaluates a string as specified by the given variables and returns the result.
Generate an inner field from the first and the second field.
Get a string value from a table.
Get the data type of the specified database field. If no data type is specified the default
Get the internal field of a record.
Get a string representation of a location field.
Get the custom location for a given record. If the record does not have a location then
Get Avro schema from a metadata record.
Get the data format for a given record. If the record does not have a data format
Create a new field with the given name and type.
Throws an exception if the specified partition names are not in the list of partition names.
Generate a partition path from a linkedhashmap of partitions.
Tries to serializes an avro schema file from the filesystem.
Set the parameters for a prepared statement.
get the configuration of the object
Convert a string representing an RFC 33164 format to the number of milliseconds since the epoch
Returns a formatted string.
Start the batch context.
Checks to see if a record is valid. If it does it throws an exception.
Returns a list of field names that are not unique.
Send onrecorderrore exception to errorrecordhandler.
Parse a jar name as a dependency.
Returns an optional of dependency for the given URL.
Get the instance for the given config and issues.
Release any resources held by this object.
Returns the label of the given string.
Verifies that the config definition with the given key exists.
Retrieve the write operation type from the header of the record.
Builds a subdocmutation observable.
Create a SQL - compatible string for the given schema and linkedhash map of strings.
Configures the server with a map of configs and a login context name.
Returns the next batch of messages.
Commits the current string for the given offset.
Called by the application when an error occurs during the application execution.
Injects stagedef definition into stageconf.
getObject method to return the JSON object of a given type of object.
Returns the definition of the specified string.
Returns the formatted column name for the given column. Touppercase is case sensitive.
Helper method to format a string value.
Return the pipelineinfo object for the given pipelineid and rev. If the rev is not
For internal use. Create a new stageconfigurationjson object.
Retrieve a list of scalar values.
Import a pipFeatFeatFeat JSON fragment.
Extracts a string value from a date and time record.
Returns the opcode of the operation from the record or - 1 if the operation is not supported
Get the fieldpath for a given column.
Retrieves the enriched event from the queue.
Get the runner of the queue.
The idlerunner for the given idletime.
Return a runner to the queue.
Destroys this pipeliner.
Throws a pipeliner error if the queue is destroyed.
Check whether the specified stream exists.
get the lastShardid of a stream.
Process a single record from the queue.
Method handlesqlexception of an exception and adds it to the list of onrecorder
get the hashcode of the column stoparameters
Compares two files based on the last modified time of the file and the last modified time
Retrieve the pid of the given process.
Validates a set of field paths against a set of supported field types and returns a hash
get a proxy user for a given user group.
Roll the current time.
Take a snapshot of the current entry.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Use this to write a single record.
This is the main entry point for the jdbcre record writer.
Writes an object to the cache.
Generates a new event and sends it to the client.
Method to detect a new partition
Updates the record s hdfs header to the specified avroschema and location.
Processes the specified string group and value.
Returns true if the two stage annotations have the same version.
The main entry point.
Configure auth and build the client builder.
Resolve all headers.
Return the httpmethod for the expression. If the expression is not the same as the method
Fill null types.
Returns the field value for the given path in the given record or null if the field is
load a schema from registry
method to register a subject s schema
get the schema from registry
get thechemaregistry id for the given subject
get the schema from registry
Write a schemaid to the outputstream.
Detect schemaid from a byte array.
get all default values for a given schema
Parses all messages for the specified message id and payload.
Log the current str and the version.
Gets the bad records for an errorsink.
Initializes the stage. config Issue list.
Gets the outwardedg work for a given vertex.
Returns the inwardedgices for a given vertex.
Serializes an offsetmap
De - serialize a string to a map
Send a report description to the wsse and return the status code.
Sends report data to the wsse.
Checks if the checkpoint file exists and is a backup file.
This method writes the file part of a partition file to a file.
Delete blob from storage.
Called by GCS originating from a GCS originating a blob that has an error
The archiving option is to copy the blob to the bucket. The archiving option is
Returns the current reader.
The releasereader is a special case. The releasereader is a special
Set the dpmbaseurl.
Add a defaultheader.
Returns the parsed version of the given string.
Converts a string to a escapes string by replacing all the occurrences of str_ with str
Gets the client.
Create a new kineticaconnection and initialize it.
Method to get the kineticatable metadata for a given gpudb and a string
Creates a new event builder.
Builds a schema from a map of fields.
Converts fromoracletosdccode to fromoracletosdccode.
Add a list of classes to the job archive.
Checks to see if the fieldorderbylist context contains the specified field.
Checks to see if the field with the given name is part of the given condition expression
get the long offset of a file
The premain method.
This method returns the number of times a previous stage occurs.
Run a query on the tableresult table.
Get the list of all Tabledes read from the file.
A validatTableacceptsinserts is a validatTableacceptsinserts is
Returns the type of the specified jsonobject field.
Checks if the field is of type bool.
Return a JSON object representing the tables and their schema names.
get the columnproperties for a particular string
Return the class of the given string.
Inits the target. context object.
Convert a topic expression to a topic expression.
returns the inputstream of the file
Return the outputstream of this object.
Returns true if the file exists false otherwise.
Returns an illegalArgumentException if the given string contains an invalid permission.
Validates that allservices are available.
Creates a simple instance of the specified class.
Returns the aggregator unit for the given class.
Creates a new Deratordata instance for the specified class with the specified name and tim
Create a new aggregator with the specified string name and type.
Starts a new data window.
Stops the data provider and returns the stopped state.
Roll up and down the data provider by a given amount.
Releases the instance of the login manager.
Throws an exception if the given string is not a globtoregex string.
Return a list of objectslexicographically.
Stop a snapshot.
The idletime is the time when the string is empty. The idletime is
This method is used to create failure snapshot from inside inside inside a pipe.
bound statement to bound statement.
Set a new configuration from the specified map.
generate a new kudulookupkey and return it.
Returns the number of characters in the string builder.
Roll the interval by a given amount.
Convert dpminfojson to enabledpm format.
Retrieve the dpm base url.
URL - normalized for pmbase.
Retrieve the user s auth token.
Logout the current user.
Change the current appauthtToken value to app_token_file in ioutils
Updates the specified DPM base url with the specified list of labels.
add a field to a record schema
generate a new complexschemafort type schema
get the designated field of the record
Get the default value for a given schema.
This method is used to initialize the metrics iff the protoconfigurable entity has already been
Compare a wrappedfile to a wrappedfile.
Returns the index of the specified group.
Returns a list of the names of all the groups in the system.
Returns true if the given string is an escape - escaped character starting at the given position.
Returns true if the character at the given position is not alash escape character.
Checks if is the bool_ for a particular character class.
Counts the number of times the given string appears at the given position.
Extracts all groups of a named pattern.
Replaces all escape sequences in the given string with the given replacement string.
Handles the GET request.
Refresh the specified schema and add it to the set of tableschemalastupdate for the
Returns true if the entry has expired.
Returns the offset of the current file. If truncate mode is set to true the offset is
Reads the next record from the file. If there are no more records to read then
Convert string to double or long.
Parses a part from the buffer.
Parses the values from the buffer.
Retrieves the primarykey columns for the current schema.
Generate the custom field mappings.
Return str_ as String or str_ if str_ is not a String return str_
Returns a string with the same schema as this string.
Set the primarykey columns of a prepared statement.
formatsqlexception.
Runs the pipelinerexception on the current stage.
Prepare the batchcontext.
Finish a batchcontext with all the metrics for this and all the objects registered in the batch
Given a string and a field return a map containing all of the strings in that field and
This method is not public for use by the container. xml and the container. xml.
execute get record and set onrecorderrore result as onrecorderrore exception
Generate a sorted map of column stoparameters.
Get the condition for the partition column.
The supplied string is not a validatestoredandspecifiedoffset.
Returns a list of all registered generators.
Get non - empty arguments from a list of strings.
Get the operation for the given table.
Converts a double to a string using the testodis play format.
Scans a single liv file and returns the corresponding file or null if the file could
Return the number of pending files in the directory. The number of pending files is the number
Returns true if the property name is present in one of the properties and the list of dependencies
Returns true if the set of versions matches the set of expected versions.
The entry point for this example.
This method is used to propagate the downwardness of a node to other nodes.
Checks to see if the report description is valid and if so adds it to the list
remove config from list of configs for implicit field mapping and set max_cache_size to
Extracts the namedgroups from a character sequence.
Waits for an offset from the producer queue to the consumer queue.
Create a new embeddedsdc object.
Set the fields in the given record to the given map.
This method is used to get a list of all the pipelineandValidationStatus objects from the
A convenience method to create a new remotedata time result futureack with the boolean value
Create a gauge with the specified properties.
Obtain a sorted map of column stoparameters.
Convert a file header to a HashMap.
Validates a record using the fileref util.
Remove old temp files.
Get the fileref from a record.
get filereader from inputstream
Read and write an avro file.
Check input field.
Check an input field for unsupported types. Throws a stageexception if the field is not
Check input field.
Checks if a field is present and has type byte_array. If not an optional
Adds a field to the context. If the field type is byte_array then the
Set the pattern of this string to the pattern of the new string.
Appends a string to the matcher.
Return a hash map of all named groups.
Replaces all properties with the given replacement.
Gets the value of a string variable from the specified datasource.
Create a new event record with the specified name and time as the root field.
Create a new stope event record.
This method is used to fix the offset column of a SOAP field.
Extracts the string representation of the field to the valuestr. If the field is assign
Method to add a partition query.
Executes a settableproperties query for the specified partition.
Return the result set of a query that returns the specified string.
Execute the specified string.
Execute a query
This method is used to execute a multiple stage of the pipeline.
Iterates over all pipe and invokes the consumer for each one.
Returns the current offsetcommit trigger for the last stage of the pipe.
Returns true if any of the pipes has been recycled.
This method is called when a consumer needs to be invoked to accept a pipe.
Liefert den Wert der Auftrages. Diese Methode
This is a bit of a hack to get the object from a field. The field is
Define a documentFragment in the configuration and display it in a observable.
setdocumentinrecord create a jsondocument doc and add it to the document document s document
Set the value of a n1qlqueryrow.
Handles a summary for a S3object.
Checks if a given string or a sequence number is in between the current and current transaction
Use the thread s contextclassloader as the classloader of the current thread.
Log out the subject and remove the login context from the subject object.
Sets the exceptions associated with the stag specific configuration.
Replaces str_ with str_ and resources.
Make sure that the current thread uses the class loader of the thread.
The entry point when the program starts.
Returns the relative path of a directory.
Renames a given path.
Should roll the header?
Returns true if the given pattern matches the given string.
get the contents of the file as a map.
Gets the remaining wait time after the given time.
returns a map of string to long with the corresponding offset from the file context provider
Attempts to create a new instance of the specified stag type with the specified stag
Create an instance of the class from the class loader of the current thread.
Returns the value of a metricelement or metricelement.
Find the index of the first occurrence of num_ in buf.
Get the number of bytes to be read.
Copies a string into a file. If the number of bytes in the string is
The method to create a sslservers Mojo factory for a given URL. The URL will be
Returns the MIME type of the given string or null if the string is not a mime -
Process the request for an ihttps session.
Stop the server.
Adds a no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
Send body to outputstream.
Create a new fixedlength response instance.
Returns whether to use gzip when accepted.
Set a cookie.
Unload the queue from the response.
Decode the given base64 - encoded string and return a new string. If an exception occurs
Base64 - encode the given string.
Sets the string representation of the field.
Returns the username of the principal.
Create a new sessionrepositoryfilter and register it in the servlet context.
Resolves the principal name of the session.
Retrieve the object with the given id from the session hash. If the object does not exist
Get the jndi name of the specified model node.
Returns the canonical names of the parameters of the specified view method.
Register an interposed synchronization object.
This method is called before the view is rendered.
Returns the current transaction.
This method is used to deploy a deployment unit.
Doesscoped persistence unitnameidentifycach Regionname.
Returns a list of the commonwebserver. service_names.
Decrements the readlockcount counter.
Increments the readlockcount counter.
Adds a service to the list of services for the current beandeploymentarchives
The handlerestorationcalculation method.
Add search for the specified deployment unit.
This is a hack to avoid the use of the toplevel bda in the static modules.
Creates a jsearchivemolecule for the specified deployment.
Set the configname and file.
Return a list of jsesecuritymetadata objects.
Gets the servlet mappings for the specified POJO endpoint.
Creates a new HashMap that contains the full web metadata of all Servlets and their full class
Resolves the methodintf.
Returns all the child connectors for the specified operation.
The core - mode element is the core - mode element. The core - mode element has
Parses an element which is a processid profile element.
Returns the address of the path address for the given operation.
Set the path address of the operation.
Returns the value of an attribute.
Returns true if the modelnode is a modeldescription and should be included in the
Create a composite operation.
Add a operation to the model.
Creates a new modelnode with the specified path address and index.
Create a modelnode createreadattributeoperation with a given address and attribute.
Create a write - attribute operation with the specified address and attribute value.
Creates a new und define attribute operation with the specified address and attribute type.
Return the value associated with this context.
Add a urlcontext factory.
Remove a urlcontext factory.
Load all providers for the given classloader.
Modify a deployment.
Configure the jbosswebmd transport class.
Modify the contextroot of the deployment.
Gets transport class name from the deployment.
Set the runas principal for the current thread.
pop runas identity.
Process management.
Injects a property value to an object.
Returns true if the specified propertytype matches the specified classtype and propertytype.
Find a method by name and type.
Find a field.
Derive usefulinfo string from servlet request.
Returns a jdrreport report from the given protocol host and port.
Perform a jdrreport collect.
Register the resource adapter deployment.
Unregister a resource adapter deployment
Registers the transformers for the current model version.
Writes an array of object to the outputstream
Read an exception.
Returns the current thread owner of the lock.
Release the lock for the current component instance.
Add a string content to the log.
Addcdiflag to deploymentunit
Return the componentview for this component.
Invokes the service method invocation on the specified endpoint.
Return the view method of the component.
Returns true if the given method matches the given view method.
Returns the EJB security metadata associated with the specified endpoint.
Get the same security domain as the old and next.
ensures that the old security domain is equal to the new security domain.
This method is used by the generated code to set the pkgname to the specified string.
Gets the absolute name of the package.
Returns the jndiname of the specified entry name.
Resolve the deployment properties and add them to the deployment unit.
Set up a exchange listener. This listener will be notified when a request is received from the
Returns true if the current thread is in a multi - thread transaction.
Returns a reference to the transactions Synchronization registry.
Returns the connection factory.
Gets the last component of the specified name.
Does the specified name have the same number of fields as this name?
Create an namenotfoundexception from a string and a context name.
Creates a namingexception with the specified detail message and the cause.
Creates a namingexception with the specified detail message and cause.
Create a cannotproceedexception with a given object and a given remainingname.
Returns a naming enumeration from a collection of elements.
Binds an object to a name - value pair.
get the activity component control of the current server
Creates a componentinstance instance.
Return the virtualfile object from the jar - location of the module. If the module does
resolver untimename string.
Liefert die persistentresourcexmldescription zurueck a
Returns the primitiveOnly flag for the specified class.
Shuts down the pool and releases all resources associated with the pool.
Get a list of strings with a url pattern.
Gets the servlets. If it doesn t exist a new one is created.
Gets the servlet mappings associated with a jbosswebmd.
Returns a list of security runtime metadata.
Gets the loginconfig.
Returns a list of paramvalueMetadata objects.
Gets the webresourcecollection.
Gets the servlet initparam.
Convenient factory method for creating a new security type - specific metadata object.
Create a new webresourcecollection.
Creates a new jbossservlet.
Create a new servlet mapping.
Create a new auth type - specific auth type - specific auth type - specific auth type -
Create a new userdata metadata object.
Create a paramvalue metadata with the specified key and value and add it to the supplied list
Creates a new paramvalue metadata with the specified key and value.
Registers a session bean component description with the deployment unit.
Stop the deployment.
Return the jndi name of the specified model node.
Return the value of an attribute.
Get the type of the url pattern.
Returns true if the targetspooled connection factory is for the given server and resource adapter.
Returns true if the target isTrace connection factory is the target isTrace connection factory for the given resource
Returns the default value for the activity server.
Returns the default persistence unit name.
Start the web application with the given startcontext.
Stop the thread and remove a listener.
Called when the server is suspended.
Resume the deployment.
Called when an invocation is completed.
Overridden when a transaction is created by a given createdby.
Start the service based on the current context.
Stop the namingstore and remove the controller from the namingstore value.
Get the capabilityservicename of the specified dynamicparts.
Returns a list of all resourceroots.
Return the list of all classes to be used by a deployment unit.
Return whether or not the given persistence unit need to be mapped to a persistence provider.
Checks if the specified persistence unit metadata is allowed to create a new entity.
Returns whether to allow default data source use.
Checks to see if the entity managerfactory should skip thesynchronizationtype check.
Get a copy of a server and port from a hashtable.
Initialize the applet.
Initialize the static methods.
Set the active namingstore.
Validates the annotations of the current deployment unit to be applied to the annotations of the current
Check the type arguments for a method.
Returns the defaultvalue annotation of the given annotation arr or null if annotation arr is empty.
Throws an exception if the method s parameter is not of the correct type.
Return all extendedentitymanager objects.
Returns the status as a string.
Add the given properties to the list of listeners for the given classification.
Extracts the data based dialects from the properties of this sql statement.
This method is called when the connection is not null and if the database is not null.
Convert the given string to a internal string.
Check the database to make sure it is available.
Convert a string to a date
Sets the datatree of the prepared statement. If the datatree is in the
Used to mark a deployment unit.
Reads the parameters from the stream.
Writes an object to the outputstream.
Writes a throwable to the outputstream.
Perform a lookup for the specified index using the specified starting index and ending index.
The begins of a hashmap. This method is called by the sfsbcallstack thread
Called by a thread that ends a SFSB.
Gets the current invocation stack.
Pushes a call to the current sfsbcallstack.
Pop an extendedentitymanager from the stack.
Gets the current call.
Add attachments to the deployment unit.
Returns the type name of the class.
Inserts the specified primitive into the table of values for any of the primitive s values.
Converts a string to a iiop name.
Returns true if the given string is a Api keyword.
Returns a string representation of the class without the component type.
Returns the signature of the given method.
Returns a string representation of the specified type.
Returns the batch permission for the specified string.
get orcreatetransaction entitymanager.
Adds a value to the map.
Convert a security role to a modelnode.
Return the mostLockedentityversion of the specified timerimpl.
Get all the timers for the given timedobjectid and timerservice.
Return the directory for the given timedobjectid. Create it if it does not exist.
Adds a naminglistener to the specified target scope.
Removes a naminglistener from the current state.
Create a new namingevent.
Close a value. If an exception occurs it is passed to the consumer.
Adds a credential to the subject s private credentials.
Returns the object instance with the specified name and context and the hashtable.
adds a view description to the view.
Utility method to copy a string from one string builder to another.
Create a new transport configuration object.
Add theearprefixifrelativename to the deploymentunit.
Returns the deploymentunit of the specified deployment unit or the deploymentunit of the specified deployment unit
Gets the serviceName of this product.
Creates a viewconfiguration instance for the given class component configuration and proxy factory.
Create a viewbindinginjectionsource.
Returns the ordered list of all interceptor factory methods for the specified method.
Adds all methods of the given interceptor factory to this view.
Adds a new view interceptor for the specified method.
Returns the ordered list of client interceptors for the specified method.
Add a client interceptor factory method for each method in the proxy. The priority of the method
Adds a client interceptor factory method to the ordereditem container.
Puts data into the data map.
Throw an exception for an unexpected element.
Returns the specified JAX - Wsejbs deployment unit.
Returns a list of pojo endpoint objects for the specified deployment unit.
Gets the endpoint name from the servlet metadata.
Get the endpoint class name from the servlet metadata.
Gets the servlet for a given servletname.
Returns the value of the specified attachment key from the deployment unit.
Retrieves an optional attachment from a deployment unit.
Gets the jbossweb metadata for a given deployment unit.
Attempts to find a component with the specified name in the deployment unit s deployment metadata.
Gets the ejbEndpoint list of the specified classname from the specified JAXWsdep deployment
Returns the contextroot of the deployment.
Load the class with the given name.
Return the url of the resource with the given name.
Return all resources with the specified name.
Returns a list of all resources under the specified path.
pop call back the entitymanager stack
Return the entity manager with the given name.
This method is used to register a non - transactional registry with the current context instance.
If the phasecontext contains a deploymentUnit then this method will deploy the deployment unit. If
Returns true if the class is all fieldsp global.
Create a new HTTP endpoint and add it to the deployment.
Create a new deployment and add it to the deployment manager.
Checks if isjaxrsdep deployment.
Set the next timeout.
Set the timer state and start the thread.
Merges the scanned applications and scan provider classes into the deployment data.
This method is used to deploy a deployment unit.
Addremotetransactions dependency.
Returns a hash set of all interceptordescription objects.
Is the specified method level?
Throws an exception if the element1 and element2 are not present in the set.
Returns the class of the given classname or null if the classname is null.
Returns the component type at the specified index.
Parses a name from its string representation.
insstringtostringifiedcomps a string as a vector
Convert a string to a name component.
This method is called when the server shuts down and cleans up all resources associated with
This method is used to get the object reference from the repository.
Authenticates the user with the specified username and password.
Returns true if the class is a string or a short int long float or double or boolean
Lookup the binding with the given name.
Remove the binding with the given name.
This method is used to instantiate a bean.
set the properties if they are not nullify the values if they are not nullify them
A utility method to dispatch a lifecycle joinpoint.
Return the current namespace context selector.
Return the bean name with the given name and the bean state.
Return the canonical name of this class and the current bean state. If the current bean state
Gets the class description for a class by its name.
If the metadata for the deployment is not complete then override this method to do nothing.
Performs postparsest information from the persistence unit metadata to the deployment unit metadata.
Checks that a string descriptor is a valid string and throws an exception if it is.
Creates the deployment metadata for the deployment unit and its sub - classes.
This method creates the webmd and all necessary sub - classes for the deployment.
Retrieves the auth method from the deployment.
Deploy the deployment unit.
Creates the bean and removes the bean from the deployment.
Instantiate the class and load it from the class loader. If the class loader is not
Gets ananonymouso write of a long as a UTF - 8 encoded string
Return a copy of the list of persistence providers.
Remove a set of deployments specifed deployments spec classes.
Add a new deployment provider.
Find the classloader that is the parent classloader of this classloader.
This method is used to deploy a deployment unit.
Adds a new deployment unit to the deployment phase context.
Add annotation_index index to all resourceroots of the deploymentunit.
Returns the persistence provider or null if no persistence provider can be found.
Saves the provider adaptor to the deploymentunit
look and return a persistence provider for the specified deployment unit.
Gets annotations.
Creates an ejbarchivem metadata object for the specified deployment.
Builds the wsejbsmd and ejb endpoint metadata.
Refresh the participant in the thread context.
Returns the bool value of the specified class. If the class does not exist returns null.
Resolves a class by looking up the soft reference.
Create a workinprogress analysis instance.
Returns the current class name without the package name.
Converts an integer to a hexadecimal string.
Converts a long to a hexadecimal string.
Returns true if this method is an accessor or not based on the return type of the method
Returns true if the method m is a mutator method.
Returns true if the method m has nonapp exceptions.
Returns the attributeread name of the given string.
Liefert die Methode wird der uebergebene String zur
Checks to see if all of the methods of this class are overloads. If so
Fixup casenames.
Generate an escape string for the specifiedir name.
Parses an XTS element.
Parse the element that contains a context parameter element.
Processes attributes.
Load the provider with the given name.
Create a new stephandler for the specified child type.
Override this method to override deployment unit processing.
Writes the specified attribute to the specified writer.
Create a remote session.
Infers the destination name from the given address.
Registers a set of endpointh handlers.
Gets the jobxmlnames for a given job.
Initializes the class loader.
Get the uri from the request.
Create a new using url.
Looks up an object by its name.
Bind an object to a name.
Calls unbind on a named component.
Returns the number of occurrences of the specified object in the specified naming context.
Close a namingcontext and call destroy on it.
Destroy a namingcontext.
Create a naming context for a named component.
Convenient method to create a subcontext.
Looksuplink an object.
Adds a value to the hashtable.
Removes a property from the current object if it exists in the env.
Addtransformations to a resourcet definition.
Removes a security domain from the manager.
Do a JNDI lookup for the specified context.
Convenience factory method to create a factory of the given type.
Factory method to create a unique identifier for a class.
Create a new instance of the given type and addr with the given factory class.
Returns the type of the specified primitivetckind if it is a primit
Waits for the given controller to be up.
The method computemaskedpassword.
This method initialises the vault and the options map.
Start a new security session with the specified vault alias.
Display the attributecreateddisplay of the specified vaultblock with the specified attribut
Display the configuration of vault.
Returns the string representation of the vault configuration.
Return value if it is not null throw connectorlogger. dependend on the type of the
Get the deploymentservicename of the specified raxml object.
Insert a string value into the table if any.
Returns true if the jndi permission is implies the action bits and path.
Returns the actions of this string as an action string.
Returns the log name.
Sends a message to the device with the specified old state and new state.
Returns the value of the given type.
Generates a contextservicename for the specified application and component.
Returns a hashset containing all the interceptors including the default interceptors and all method intercept
Adds an interceptordescription for a method.
Add a constraint for the current component.
Returns all component interceptors for the specified method.
Returns all around timeout interceptors for the specified method.
Add a new timeoutview interceptor factory for the given method.
Adds a new interceptor factory to the chain.
Adds a new post constructor interceptor factory with the specified priority.
Adds a new predest forward interceptor factory with the specified priority to the predest forward
Adds a pre passivate interceptor factory instance to the prepassivateors list
Adds a postactivate interceptor factory to the chain.
Set the componentcreateservicefactory property.
Remove the jndial binderservicename from the list of modelnode objects.
Accepts the specified EJB client context builder.
Create a unique context service name for the specified app module and comp.
Create the context - service name for a given app and module.
usecompnamespace and compnamespace at the same time
bindinfo for bindinfo for a jndiname
Obtain a concurrent map for the specified principal and domain.
Returns an array with all the non - boolean members.
Returns an array with all values of this type.
Create the subsystemroot.
Parse config.
Initialize and start a naming context.
Add the deploymentruntimename with the sub deploymentname to the deploymentUnitname string
Adds a component description to the deployment root.
Adds a new messagedestination.
Return the components for the given view type and virtualfile deploymentroot.
Get a list of description objects for a component.
Return a set of viewdescription objects for a given component name and view name.
Create a new messagedestination for the specified messagedestinationname and virtualfile
Create a new resourcetrans definition builder.
Discard attributes with a default value.
Removes the securitycontext from the statecache and sets the connection and securitycontext to the
Loads the module and the api idsmanually.
Check the version of the module to make sure it is not missing.
Computes the slot for the given jsf version. If the version of jsf
Returns the constant - type code for a class.
Adds the class to the registry.
Returns the moduledefimpl if the given string is the same as the previous string. Otherwise
Adds all interfaces to the container.
Adds the abstract value of the specified key to the current string array and returns it.
Adds a class to the archive.
Adds an interface to the class.
Adds a value to the valuedefimpl.
Adds the specified exception to the map.
Gets the class level injectiontype.
Method to start the dimension manager. If no store is set a new store is created.
Close the naming context and close the store.
This method checks if the specified method is allowed in the current context of the specified component.
make sure methodtype is non - void and that methodtype is non - void
Returns all class names for the specified deployment unit and composite index.
Returns the waitingontx at the time of the transaction associated with the specified key.
Extract the extraparameters from the map.
Returns a map with all the parameters associated with the key and value.
Returns the class of the given type. If the type is a class then the class is
Converts the given object value to the class object. If the object is not a class
Returns a string array with the type of each of the values in the array. If the
Checks to see if the given type names and values are the same.
Advances the next binding.
Get the more.
Attempts to map the name of a binding to the corresponding name of an object.
Adds the observeresources for the given event.
Close the observes.
Converts the specified locator into a handleimpliiop object.
Returns an enum value of the given class of the given value.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the inputstream.
If the element1 and element2 are not contained in the set of seen elements throw an
Add a component description.
Adds a set of class loaders to the deployment.
Unbind the specified component.
Lookup an object by its name.
Returns the names of the class with the specified name.
Returns the list of bindings for the given name.
Add a factory to the treeset.
Saves the context object properties.
Create the io extension.
Create the welcomecontenthandler.
Retrieves a bean from the pool.
This method is used to create a HashMap that will be used to calculate the operation details.
Collect metrics for a resource.
Do the actual work of creating a deployment unit.
Add a deployment key to the deployment unit.
Publishes all endpoints for the target deployment.
Stop the deployment and destroy the context.
Start the deployment.
Registers an endpointconfig object.
Use this method to perform a retry on a timerimpl.
Perform posttimeout processing for the specified timer.
Get all declared methods in a class.
Returns the declared fields of a class.
Returns the constructor of the given class.
Returns a method or null if method doesn t exist.
Adds a messaging activity extension to the context.
Returns whether or not the specified parameter is allowed for the specified resource type.
Makes a new instance of the factory class in add operation.
Cancels the flag field. If the flag is set the old value of the flag field
Checks whether the stateref is not cancelled.
Set the type internal to the specified value.
Checks if the operator with the given target can execute the operation without index on the given
Returns a list of all classes for the ipackagename and if the ipackag
Returns a list of all classes in the package that implement the interface.
Returns the generic type arguments for the given field.
Override this method to modify an object evaluaterecord.
Return an otype derivation of the requested field.
Updates the cluster record.
Find the record with the specified ID.
Gets the minimal set of nodes for the local node and the clustermap
Return a new list with all the oand blocks except the oandblock that are the
Add an additional orderby projections to the current query plan.
This method extracts the subquery information from a query plan.
Return true if the cluster with the specified ID is in the filter set.
Find the index for a specific class and replace it with an index for sortonly mode.
Returns true if the specified class is one of the current oclass s subclasses.
Return true if the item order by item is the same as the item order by item.
Returns true if the specified key condition requires an obinary condition.
Find the index for the specified class.
Return a list of indexsearch descriptor objects for the common factors.
Registers a new strategy for a specific type.
Create an orole role.
Returns whether this role is rule defined.
Returns the status of this server.
Initialize the system database.
Load local database files.
The member removed event.
This method is for internal use only. This method is for internal use only.
Check if lockmanagerserver is a lockmanagerserver. If it is a lockmanagerserver
Commit the transaction.
Rollbacks the transaction and sets the active flag to false.
If the oldrid is equal to the newrid the update is done. Otherwise the update
Update the updaterecordcache after rollback.
Createsirectories for a file.
atomic_move a source object to a target object. The caller is responsible for closing the
Return the set of patterns to be disjoint.
Execute onlylocally the supplied nodes.
Writes a character array to the current position of the parser.
Returns true if the socket is connected false otherwise.
Extracts a mergesByteBuffer from two buffers.
Splits a short to a buffer.
Return the number of properties of the class.
Adds a single value to the fulltext index.
Remove a value from the dictionary.
Run the command and return a list of objects.
The first object returned by this method. The number of objects returned is the number of objects
Creates a new ioexception channel.
Check if the file size is correct. If not throw an oioexception.
Replaces the content of an existing file with the content from another file.
Make a o command request.
End a request.
Adds the host part to this address.
Start an ochannel binary request and return the associated network object.
Get the current database owner.
Returns an oclient connection for the specified channel and protocol.
Kills the oclient connection.
Attempts to cancel a connection to the specified channel.
Disconnects the client connection to the specified channel.
Push distrib cfg 2 clients to the current oclient connection list.
Swaps the element at the specified index with the specified oidentifiable value.
Close all locks.
Updates the designated schema of the current object.
Update the metadata for a metric.
Return the last record in the iteration.
Return the number of missed characters.
Execute the command and return the object.
Sends an o command request retrying if the callback is not null.
Register the given class.
Replies the current file limit.
Returns true if the specified operator allows to append the specified object to the specified target object.
Moves iposition bytes from ifrom to ifrom + iposition.
Fills the buffer with the requested length.
Execute the scriptlinestep step and return the last step.
Execute the scriptlinestep step and return the step. If the step does not contain
Override this method to customise the status of an object.
Execute the SQL source code.
Load a configuration.
parse the o command request and return the result
Execute the request and return the result.
Updates the resultingschedule of a given pattern node.
Adds an index definition to the collate.
Splits an aggregate for a specified aggregateprojections split.
Convert a result to an object type.
Get the collate of an object or null if the object is not an oidentifiable
Gets the string value.
Advances the given probe by removing its internal array index.
Execute the command.
Load a JSON document from a file.
Compare the password with the ihash.
Create a hash from the specified input string using the specified algorithm.
Checks if the provided string is a supported algorithm.
Create a new index configuration object.
Returns all vertices in the graph.
Returns the edges of the graph.
Returns the partitionkey of this task.
Calculates how long to wait for the distributed task to complete.
Get the current features.
Checks to see if a specified page index has been filled out.
Set the timeout of a string.
Return the current lock strategy.
Create a new cluster with the specified classname and clustername.
Remove all orids with the given cluster id.
Start up the metric registry.
Shuts down the engine and removes all resources associated with it.
Creates a oscriptresultset that contains only a single entity.
Grant a orole to a resource.
Revokes a permission to a orole.
Return whether or not the record was valid.
Resets the mask.
Returns the index of the specified item within the table.
Compute a spread for a given number of elements.
Creates a new index on this object for the specified type.
Drops all indexes related to this class definition.
Returns the current global index.
Returns the linked class.
Obtains the current configuration as an ORecord document.
Remove a listener from our list of listeners.
Registers a odist distributed database.
Takes a long asynch request and waits for it to become available.
Make a new copy of this odata based document.
Attempts to merge the specified orid copy with the specified one.
Replaces the specified treebag with the specified object.
If the given object is a map the result is returned. Otherwise the given object is returned
Execute the cluster command.
Close all databases.
Called when an ostorage instance is no longer registered.
Returns a set of function names.
Returns a set of all ocollatefactory names.
Returns a hash set of all command names.
Returns the field size and the ovarint of the current field as a tuple.
Set the status code and reason in an ohttp response
The method to write headers to the response
writerecords the object ifetchplan is set to true.
Set the ifetchplan field of a record. Ifetchplan field of a record is
Send a http response to the server.
creates a new response for the request and sets it as the response status code and the response
Opens a new odatabaseobject instance with the specified parameters.
Close the current thread and remove it from the local cache.
listen for changes on an existing collection.
Completes the operation of the current component.
Push all counters of a particular component to the holder.
Pushes a new writcachecounters holder onto the snapshot.
Used to push a storagecounters holder onto the snapshot.
Used to push a new holder into the snapshot.
Push a performance counters holder to the specified component.
Stopwritecacheflusht Method.
Stop frame time and add time to time - of - frame
Stop the full checkpoint timer.
Stop a commit time.
Stopwalrecord the current time.
Stop the flushtimer.
Parse an O command - line string.
Initialize the messagethread thread.
Start a timertask to discoveryping interval of time.
Remove the current graph in the current thread.
Set a property on this object.
Remove a property.
Checks for a classname in the current graph. If the classname does not exist returns null
Wraps a cursor into an oindex!
Define a vertex attributestr strategy
Define an edge attributestr strategy.
Returns a list of orecordoperation instances for the specified class.
Returns a list of orecordoperation instances for the specified cluster ids.
Add an index entry to the index.
Returns the mergeset of the given source set into the target set. If the source set
Return whether this record was updated or not.
Checks if the function can execute the result of an obinary compare with an index.
Generate a set of keys for the specified object.
Writes a page to the pagecache. If the pageindex is greater than the current
Reads a page from the page cache.
Truncates the page index to the latest available space.
Open a new file and truncate its content.
Is this node a replicationactive server?
Returns the strategy that creates new nodes.
Checks if the cluster configuration object contains the requested execution mode.
Checks if the cluster is ready to write configuration to olog.
Returns a map of all servers for the specified cluster. If the cluster does not exist or
Returns all servers of the specified collection.
Checks if a server is a list of all clusters.
Checks if a server is issaining a cluster.
Returns a list of master servers.
Returns all configured servers.
Get a list of all clusters with the specified inodename.
Get all clusters of the specified inodename as clusters of the specified inodename.
Gets the cluster owner.
Return the cluster owner of the specified string.
Returns the configured servers for the specified cluster.
Returns a hash set containing the names of all registered servers.
Returns a hash set containing all of the keys in this collection.
Returns the number of servers in the specified datacenter for writequorum configuration.
Checks if the cluster is issped.
Get the list of servers associated with a given datacenter.
Get the datacenter of the specified server.
Get the read quorum of the cluster.
Convenience method to get the status of a quorum of servers for a given cluster
Get the odocument configuration for the specified cluster.
Get the display configuration field for the given datacenter.
Clear the initial stack.
Returns the index of the element with the specified name or null if the index does not exist
Remove the index with the specified name.
Adds a vertex to the graph.
Sets the clustername to null. If the id is a string the clustername will be
Returns the vertex with the given id.
Returns an iterable containing all the vertex objects of the specified class.
Returns an iterable containing all edges of the specified type of the specified class.
Returns a copy of this edge with the specified object id.
Create a new graph with a given document idatabase.
Shuts down the database.
Returns the type of this vertex.
Returns the type of the specified type.
Creates a default index with the specified class name and the specified number of clusters.
Remove the class with the specified name from the current session.
Returns the type of the specified type. If the type does not exist null is returned.
Convenience method to create a cluster type for the specified class.
Returns the writeByte element with the specified id.
Drops a key index on an element.
Remove the specified listener from the list of weak reference listeners.
Notifies all listeners of the specified exception.
Stop the monitoring.
registermbean the object.
Unregistermbean the object.
Fetches the writcachecounters holder from storage.
Fetch all systemcounters.
Fetch componentcounters.
Returns the value of a property of the specified name or null if the property does not exist
Detaches an object from this object and returns the result. If the object is not a
Get the version of an object.
use the underlying command to execute the command
Set the dirty flag of an object.
Unset theDirty attribute of the XLogPDescriptor object.
Gets theindextypes of all the factory types.
Returns a hashset containing all the engine names.
Returns a list of the missing nodes.
Get the list of response groups.
Get the index of the best responsegroup in the group list.
Computes the response of a quorum request.
Gets a list of received odist distributed responses.
Gets a plan from the current context.
Returns true if the result of the current left - hand side matches the result of the given
Get the library string for the given odatabase and language.
Release a scriptengine for a specific language and poolentry.
Returns the next available position in the file.
Replies the size of the updates.
Returns the value at the given index in the array.
Returns whether or not the specified index can be used by the specified equalsfilter and the specified
the index of a string with the index of the itofind and the index of the
Calculates the relative distance between the icurrent position and the imax position of the
Jump the character sequence to the index of the next character.
Sets the fetch plan used for this query.
If the clusterposition of the specified orecordid is lower than the current cluster position then
Cancel arepairrecord.
If the cluster is not active enqueuerePaircluster is used to enqueu
Generate a hashset with the names of all the aliastonodes of a pattern
Create an instance of this class.
Register a collection of entity classes.
Registers an entity class only if recursive is true.
Set the classhandler.
Acquires a database.
Gets the number of available connections for the specified name and username.
Acquires a database.
Execute the command.
Returns an iterator over all the classes in the class loader of the given class.
Checks whether the memory limit of the JVM is greater than the memory limit of the JVM
create a graphson vertex from a json object
create a graphsonEdge from a jsonobject and a vertex out
Create a JSON object from an element.
Returns an object node with the given properties set.
Run an import job.
Get the status of the job.
Returns a hashset containing all data centerof servers and data centerof servers.
Returns the number of instances of num_ in str_ if the given string contains at least
Create a osymmetric key from a key configuration.
Create a new osymmetric key from a file.
Create a new osymmetrickey from an inputstream.
Encrypt a byte array with transform
Write the key to an outputstream.
Move the keystore to the outputstream.
Set the child context.
Add the given object to this set and return true if the object was added ; false otherwise
Construct an object of the specified type and a field of the specified type.
Authenticate with the specified username password and idata additional parameters.
Get a map entry from a map.
Get the record associated with this request.
Read the current record.
Returns a copy of the txgraph. If the txgraph does not have a pool a
Returns a copy of the current graph notx. If the current graph does not have a
Set the imin and imax of the database
Returns the property of the specified object.
Stop a transaction.
Get the next token.
Returns the token at the specified index.
Return an iterable of vertex labels in the current graph in the specified direction.
Remove this vertex from the current graph.
This method is used to override the addedge method to add a vertex to a partition.
Adds a new Vertex to the graph with the specified label invertex and the specified class
Gets the connection class.
Get the connection for the specified ifieldname and iclassnames.
Process brokenrids.
Returns a map of method - > object where the key is the method and the value is
Executes the specified task on the specified database.
Get the number of nodes with a status of one of the specified strings.
Wait for next retry.
Returns the argument at the specified iposition.
Returns the number of parameters in the current request.
Create a new connection to oserveradmin with the specified username and password.
Return a list of all olist entry of the system.
Use this API to get information about a server.
Check if a database exists.
Create a new odropdatabase with the specified id and storagetype.
Create a new storage with the specified type.
Use this API to release database of specified storage.
Get the clusterconfig.
Get the current graph.
Parses the string representation of the object s type. If the string is equal to the
Saves the current record to the database.
Delete theeterecord of a record.
Returns the authentication header for the given datapoint.
Authenticates the server using the given username and password.
Check if the user is authorized to the specified resource.
Override this method to shutdown your cluster server when it is ready to accept connections.
Adjust the line and column for the new line and column number for the begin of the token
Sets the pageoffset of an obonsaibpointer to the specified value.
Returns an obonsaibpointer on the specified page offset.
End the current operation.
Acquires the specified lock on the specified object. If the lock is already locked the
Change the readcachemax memory size to pagesize. The readcachem
Start listening for this server.
Read the parameter configuration.
Called to shut down the log manager.
Adds an entry to the file.
Removes an entry from the cache.
Acquires an entry from the cache.
Returns the value associated with the given key.
Clears the read buffers.
Close a key - value pair.
Clears all read buffers and applies the read - buffer - count read.
Adds a task to the state buffer and tries to run it again after the task has
Drains the read buffers if necessary.
Put an entry into the buffer at the specified index.
Returns the closest to num_ to value except num_.
Return whether or not an event is created or updated.
Convert the string value to an enum and store it in the underlying map.
Convert all values to a boolean.
Returns an obinary serializer of the specified type.
Initialize the shutdownqueue.
Gets an engine by name.
Adds a state to the state array.
Authenticate a token. If the token is not valid an exception is thrown.
Create metadata.
Attempts to lockereadlock the specified number of milliseconds. Returns true if the lock
Returns the vertex of the current graph in the specified direction.
Returns the id of the element.
Sets the value of a property on the current node.
Remove a property on the current graphin threadlocal.
Clears all obonsaib present in the file.
Delete a bucket.
Ends the batchJob and waits for all threads to finish.
Create a vertex.
The strategy of a string is a touppercase. The strategy of the string is
Extracts a list of recordinfo objects from the given bytes container.
Execute the command.
This method checks if the fieldvalue is a link to an other entity.
Fill a abstract record.
Set the version field of a record.
Returns the type of the specified orecord.
Initializes the distributed database instance.
Prints a stack trace of an exception at a specific level.
Convert the key to a record.
Register a new command instance.
Create server user configuration object.
Return a list of oindexsearchresult objects sorted by field count.
Create a osqlfilteritemfield and a osqlfilteritemfield to search result.
Attaches all fields of the given object to this object.
Get the index class.
Return the next value with the current value.
Truncates all clusters.
Adds an oclass to the cluster.
Add the clusterids of the specified ibaseclass to the treeset.
Returns the oidentifiable object for a linktostream.
Return a pointer to the pool.
Check memoryleaks.
Clears all mappings.
Converts a byte array to an int at a specific offset in big - endian order.
oofflin node local - > oofflin client - > oofflin client -
Installs the specified oclass for the specified idatabase.
Generate a dump of the server status.
Returns the index of the given comparable object in the given array.
Returns the index of the given object in the given array.
Return a copy of the target clusters set.
Override this method if the handleresult method for the current context.
Get the temporaryridcounter for this context.
Reports an individual string to the current state.
Fetches theplan from the specified string.
Sets the state of the socket cache.
Optimizesorts the current index by fetching all the values from the index and then
Get the current status of the document.
Used to execute a command.
Handles the error of the JVM.
Writes an index value to the current transaction.
Rollback a transaction.
Get the executor for the specified command.
Registers a cluster with the cluster manager.
Sets the property of an object. If the property is null then the object is removed.
Execute the command.
Execute the command.
Delete the record.
Called when a hook is invoked.
Delete the record with the given ID.
Returns the count of rows for a given view.
Count the number of instances of the specified class.
Sets the current thread local to this instance.
Register the class with the manager.
Gets the index for a given chunk of data.
Returns the next word after the current parse position or null if the current parse position is not
Parses one word.
Returns the index of the next word to be processed.
Parses the next word.
Returns true if the specified character is a separator in the specified string.
Execute this command and return the result.
Clear configurationfiles.
Returns the number of bytes in the array as an array of bytes. Returns - 1 if
Extracts a token from the token string.
Obtains an existing acces query token from the current client context.
Make a copy of the current token.
Return whether or not the stream has no more data to read.
Reads a byte array and returns the num_ value of each element of the given array
Skips the specified number of bytes from the underlying stream.
Ensures that the given offset + length are within the given arraylength.
Swaps a b and n elements of the specified swapper.
Murmurhash3 64 - bit
Murmurhash3 64 - bit
Writes the contents of the current buffer to the given byte buffer. If the buffer is
Truncates the file to the max size.
Moves the current position in the file. If the repositionablestream is
Refresh metrics if an error occurs during refresh metrics.
Gets all future threads and removes them from the pool.
Returns a stream of matches for the specified query.
Finds a set of compacted schema names that are not targeted by any other schema
Remove all files that are not snapshotd.
Determines the hashcode of a field.
Removes all referencersschema with the same name from the given set of matches.
The method to call when an announcement is completed.
Called when the cycle metrics for the producer is complete.
read the headertags map from the datainputstream
Get the primarykey of an object
Clears all the segments.
Reads the interior of the datainputstream into an array of listeners.
Returns the number of bits used by this bitset.
Get the field value as a string.
Copy bytedata from one position to another
Copy a number of bytes from srcpos to destpos.
Returns true if the range of bytes in this array are equal to the range of bytes in
Copy bytes from src to dest. The returned number of bytes is the same as the number
Copy a number of bytes from srcpos to destpos with the specified number of bytes ordered
Read a number of bytes from an inputstream.
Writes len bytes from startposition to the outputstream.
Ensures that the segment at segmentindex is at least num_.
Returns the position of the field with the given name.
Calculates the number of tries to select a buckets with equal equal equal equal equal equal
Returns whether or not the given dataset has at least one of the handles schema types.
Generates all the files in the directory specified by the packagename. If the pack
Generate the files for the hSync files in the given directory.
Returns true iff the ordinal is not one of the specified keys.
Returns an array of objects representing the key of the specified field.
Generate a fieldpath for a primary key field.
Create a fieldpath for hashindex.
Puts an object ordinal into the dynamic table.
Initialize the static fields.
Returns true if the current string contains the specified key false otherwise.
Adds a field to the objectfilter configuration for the specified type.
dependencyordered classname list.
Inits the object with the next major version of Treebank.
Gets the long at the specified index.
Returns a map of all records with the specified field name and value.
Returns a map of all records for the specified string fieldvalue.
Set the elementmatch paths.
Set the element key paths.
Restores the data model from the last state.
Run the populator populator to update the metadata and notify the listeners of the change in
Exclude a key from being included in the result set.
excludereferenced objects.
Writes a header to a dataoutputstream.
Processes all typestates from the heap and adds them to the stack.
Writes bytedata to a buffer
Write a fixedlength int to the fieldbuffer
Write a fixedlength long field to the fieldbuffer
Return the ordinal to the top of the array
Sorts the array by num_ and size.
Calculates a hash for a set of fields.
Returns a hash of the specified field of the specified object.
Recompute the number of elements in the storage array.
Finds the next preferred. If the preferred is not available this method returns - 1.
Fill the pointersby pointer array with the maximum number of elements in each array.
Compare a key with a serialized buffer.
Grows the keyarray by a given size.
Get the hashcode of the data associated with a key.
Creates an empty keyarray of the specified size.
Returns true if the fields of this object match is equal to the fields of the other object
Return the matching object for the specified key.
Swaps the current readstate with a new readstate.
Convert a given number of elements to a real number.
Runs a compaction.
Writes the definition to the specified outputstream.
Writes the current state of the engine to the specified outputstream.
Adds fields fromchemanameset to the result.
Converts a string to lowercase and returns the original string. If the original string is not
Reindex the hash index.
Returns the first object matching the specified query object or null if the query object is null.
Trigger asyncref fresh with random delay.
Trigger a refresh with a specified delay.
Adds a new hCreationiff for the specified type with the specified primary key paths.
Writes a vint to an outputstream.
Write a vint to a byte array starting at the given position.
Reads a vint from the inputstream.
Read a long value from a stream.
Internal method for adding a view to the viewgroup.
Refreshes the layout of the page using the refresh viewssization.
This method is used to update the current status of the node. It is called by the
Called when a new scroll event is received.
Returns a new rule builder with the given name and the given value.
Adds more rules to the rule.
Create a new rule builder instance with the specified rule class and action type.
Create a new rule builder instance.
Returns a new rule builder that uses the specified rule type.
Returns a new rule builder for the specified rule class.
Returns a new rule with the specified name and the specified value.
Generates a new rule with the specified names.
Add an action to the rule.
Returns the instance of the rule.
Returns an optional field of the given annotation.
Returns an optional instance of the specified annotation for the specified class or null if it is not
Gets the first element of the given annotation or null if the annotation is not present.
Register a non - auditable rule.
Updates the enforce enforce enforce enforcement status for a non - auditable rule.
Returns a mapping from the current thread to the Rulest status.
The result type of this builder is the same as the specified result type.
Adds an action to the rule.
Adds an action to the rule.
Resets the value to the default value. If the value is null the default value is
Adds a type to a rulebook.
Retrieves a list of all annotations and superclasses that have been added to the package.
Read the next line of data from aorendtable.
Returns an array of all the services in the given list.
Get theports from build configuration.
Extract port mapping from config. port
Parses a port mapping.
Add the port if not null.
shift or null.
Add missingservicep Given a service and a defaultservice add missingservicep Given
Append the imagestream resource to the file.
Returns true if the host port is equal to the int or string int or string int or
Set the serviceName property with the current values from the current env varorsystem property.
Get the service host and port as a string.
Adds a string value to a map if it does not already exist.
Takes a map of strings and tries to merge them with a map of strings to strings
Returns all the mappings contained in the two maps. If both maps are null an empty map
Putall if not null.
Wait until a pod is ready.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the given string is not null and not empty.
toitemlist creates a list of metadata from an object
Returns the resource version of the specified entity or null if the entity does not have a resource
Checks if is pod ready.
Get the current context from the config.
Returns true if the object has the specified name.
Determines whether the given list of paths contains a resource.
Auxiliary method to read andenrich the string with the associated kind and resource version
Converts a map of variable names to an env var list.
Returns the mergedeployments or the configmap if both are deployment or configmap otherwise returns
Removes all entries from the specified map that are not present in the specified map.
Checks if islocalcustomisation is necessary.
Read config.
Add the port to the map if it is valid.
Generate a JSON - configuration string for a server
Returns the plugin configuration for the given system and id.
Returns the specified secret configuration as an optional map.
Download the given url to the given target file.
Compares two versions of a string.
Returns a processor configuration object for a specific profile and a file resourcedir.
Lookup a profile for a given name and file.
read profile from the classpath.
returns all profile with the given name from all metainfprofilepaths for the given ext
Returns the profile YAML of the given directory or null if the directory does not exist.
Returns a list of all metainfprofilepaths for the given extension.
Read a list of profile from a YAML - formatted input stream.
Returns the default value if the policy is not defined in the configuration.
Returns whether or not the mode of open shift mode is open.
Returns the package count of the deployment or the default value if no package count is defined.
Returns the first child element with the given name.
Installs the template entity with the given name.
Removes all tag references with the specified name from the specified list and returns the number of
Apply the namespace to an existing entity.
Apply a project to a project request.
Apply a projectrequest to a entity.
Gets the namespace if the entity has a namespace attribute.
Called when an error occurs during the processing of a template.
Create the builder with the namespace and project information.
Enrich the resource with the default namespace.
Gets the main class from the configuration.
Returns the number of seconds specified by the argument. Returns null if the argument is null.
Return the duration represented by the given string or null if the string is null.
Returns an array with the names of the files to be scanned.
Disable the open shift features.
Checks to see if a service has a rule or a backend.
Convert the inputstream to a map of string to list of strings.
Returns the defaulticonref for the current project.
list files in a directory and copy them to appconfigdir
Retrieve properties from a resource.
Returns the spring boot version as an optional.
Runs the enricher.
Returns a map of raw configuration values for this processor.
Create a linkedhashmap from a string and an object.
Returns a template for the given resources.
Get the date at which the current build wasreferenced.
Gets the value of a configuration property.
Returns the config map for the given key or an empty map if the key does not exist
Prepare a list of named elements to be included in the includes list.
add the from configuration to the builder
Gets the frommoded default string for the given mode.
Returns the Open shift mode name of the current configuration.
Returns the registry configuration for this node.
Returns true if the string is online false if it is not.
Get the external service URL for the given service name and protocol.
Returns the value of a property as boolean from the system properties or null if the property is
Create a jestclient from the properties.
Create a new internal node.
Scan plugins.
Create a new american - line rewardsbalance from a json string.
Retrieve the rewards balance of an american and add it to the http client.
Deserialize a jsonobject from a string
Override get to handle GET requests.
Do a HTTP POST at the given path returning the result as a JSON object.
Deserialize a JSON object into a Java object.
Collects device data for a specific fragment and listener.
Create a JSON object that contains the unique identifier of the device and the unique identifier of the
Adds a result to a jsonobject and sends it to a listener.
Attempts to get the client metadata id for a given context.
Checks if the current signature is valid.
Get a optional string property from a JSON object or fallback if it is not present.
jsonobject to list of paymentmethod nonces
Gets the checkout configuration for the current browser.
Gets the billingagreementrecipesindecreasing priorityorder from the current browser
Get the resource at the given path and callback. If the path is null the callback is
Submits a request to the callback on the main thread.
Do a POST at the given path with the given data.
Approval url for a specific request. The URL will be typed by the fragment and the
Registers a listener for all registered listeners.
Remove the listener from the list of listeners.
Requests the billingagreement of the current context.
Called when an activity result is received.
Intercept the result and intent to create a node with the client metadata id and source.
Adds a list of words to the dictionary.
Removeword for a given position in a list of words
Generate a list of string from a sequence of tokens.
Extracts a list of korean descriptor files from a sequence of tokens.
Converts a list of strings into a string that can be used as a key - value
Fetch a buffer from the specified readable byte channel.
Allocates a list ofByteBuffer objects and adds them to a list ofByteBuffer objects.
Joins all pending units into a single group.
Returns the profile for the i - th entry.
Normalize an array of taps with the specified number of bits and write the result to the
Reads all data from the current marker to the given byte buffer and writes it to the
Die Methode wird aufgerufgerufen aufgeruf
Gets the maxavailableframe.
Modify a channel.
Get the total duration of all edits in the trakbox.
Return the timetos sample duration of the given trakbox.
Calculate the timevaluetof string of the specified trakbox with the specified tv
rescale a trakbox with a duration at a given axis.
Returns the number of times the trakbox was edited with respect to the duration of its
Get the qtpLayerframeno of a movie by its mediaframeno.
Get the qtplayertime of a movie
timevaluetotimecodef single time valued on a trakbox
Converts timecodetrack into a string.
Internal helper method to calculate the 7 bytes of an integer.
Set the element of a list to the specified value.
Returns true if the input color matches this color space false otherwise.
Computes the compsize of the specified size.
creates a new mp4 messageuxer for a specific movie and trakbox
read cache.
Create a wavheader from the given audio format and the number of samples.
Create a wavheader for the specified array of headers.
Parses aac information from the stream.
Encodes a symbol with the given context.
Splits a track into two by rational and tvmv.
Decodes a data frame and writes it out to the provided buffer.
Set the big format of the data.
Assumes that the left and top are already encodedmbs.
Deden a picture. This is the main entry point. The Deden a
Converts a long value into an array of bytes.
Returns num_ - 1 if v &gt ; num_. Returns num_ if v
add a tag to the packet
Repositions the read buffer to the end of the file.
Decode a binary value.
Decode a binbypass.
Compute the gotomarker of a buffer.
Returns the frequency of the i - th entry. If the i - th entry is within
Make a prediction on a new data point using the predict method.
Starts an array with a given number of elements.
Computes the polynomials at a specified level of the given array.
Computes the finish of an integer array.
Copy bits from a buffer to this one.
Rewrites a hash table to a backing array. This is useful for reusing a
Seeks to the keyframe of the current frame.
Returns a buffered version of the provided frame. The returned buffer is the same size and color
Returns the index of the id of the last id s.
Converts a byte array to an int at a specified depth.
Converts an int array to a byte array at a specific depth.
Convert a audio format to a float buffer.
Convert a float buffer to a audio format.
Fill outb with the number of bytes of each frame of the specified audio format.
Remove all the bytes of a given audio file from an array of buffers. The number of
Returns the size of the model.
Builds an array of groups with the specified parameters.
Reads a batch of bytes.
Read int32 batch.
The global implementation of the global variant of the global variant of the global variant of the global
Generates an encodedframe with the given keyframe and writes it to the given output stream
Use this method to encode aidrframe.
Encode a Pframe.
Returns a list of all the supported codecs.
Returns a list of all supported tags.
Adds a reference to the given jnireference.
Deletes a reference to a jnireference from the queue.
Flushes all cached jnireference references.
Loads the specified string using the specified library.
Check if the given path contains a URL.
Add a file to the temp dir.
Returns the default layout for the specified number of channels.
Returns the channel from the specified audiochannel layout and index.
Returns the object that can be used to render the video. The returned object will have the
Get the version information.
Get the default timebase to use for the video.
Constructs a video encoder with the current configuration of the video encoder. Returns null if the
Plays the content of the specified filename.
Display a buffered image at a specific time.
Returns the codec descriptor for the given codec id. Returns null if the codec has not been
Print a single option to a file.
Registers a factory for the specified protocol prefix.
Generates a unique name for an object with the given extension.
Create a mediaaudioresine with the specified values.
Return a collection of supported rational numbers.
The type of the supported pixel formats.
Returns a collection of integer with the support of at least as many of the supported features as
Returns a list of supported audio formats.
Returns a collection of the supported audiochannel layouts.
Set the value of a flag.
Set the value of a flag2 field.
Returns the decoder for the video clip. Returns null if the clip is not available.
The demuxer for this video stream. Returns null if the video stream does not have
Return a collection of formats.
Returns the video filter graph or null if no filter graph is available.
Returns the type of the bitstream filter.
Returns a copy of this buffer sbytebuffer or null if this buffer was not
Create a new audioframe with the specified audio format.
Resampleres the input using the current resampler.
Validate the provided image.
This method is called to validate that a picture is valid.
Get the current filter graph.
Get the keyvalue object s metadata.
Returns the cpuarch of the given string.
Convert a string to a cpuarch
Returns the os family associated with the given string.
Converts a string to a os family.
Plays a media file.
Loads the specified alib and the specified amajor version into the file system.
Return a cached version of the specified alib and add it to the cache.
Get the bool value of the specified alib entry. The return value is true if the
This method initialises the path variables.
Returns true if the specified alib name and version has already been loaded ; false otherwise.
Deletes this model from the database.
Returns the video stream at the given position.
Get the Muxer for this video stream. Returns null if there is no Mux
Create a script transaction.
Decode a string into a byte array.
Generate a random string.
Get the current transaction for the given txid.
Returns a list of addresstransactions for the specified address with the specified limit.
get a list of addresstransactions.
get the list of headers for a block
Get a block.
Sends a transaction to the server and returns the result as a string.
set a script for a chain
Attempts to run the specified script on this server and return the result as a string.
Writes to the specified array the specified offset and length.
Flushes the buffer to the underlying stream.
Writes an object to memory.
Return the classInfo object for the lastDirectclass specified in the configuration.
Converts an object to a byte array.
Sets the data associated with this file channel.
Returns the number of specificity of the specified class.
Change the size of the mappedfile to the desired size.
Remove a string from the list.
Writes a string definition.
Set the outputstream for this buffer.
Create a JSON configuration object.
Create a new Structmode configuration object.
Calculates the size of an object.
Clears all cached data.
Returns the contents of the specified inputstream.
Get a copy of a byte array.
Get a copy of a byte array
Retrieve the fstobjectoutput of the operation and write it to the outputstream.
Registers a mapping from a string array to a list of class names.
Returns thecpname for the class.
Write an int data to the output stream.
Writes a long to the output stream.
Attempts to write a long to the output stream only if the data is between the minimum
Write the specified number of bytes to the current writer.
Retrieve or create an fstclazzinfo for the specified classes.
Called when the object will be removed from the stream at the specified position.
Called to indicate that an object has been written to the stream.
Return an fstclazzinfo for a class or null if the class does not exist.
Writes an object array to the file.
Set this string as a string.
Writes a range of an array to the underlying stream.
Takes a snapshot of the current offset and base for the current block and removes all the
Takes a copy of the supplied origin and creates a snapshot of it.
Register an object for write
Convert an object to a byte array
Convert a byte array to an object.
Reads a byte array from the buffer.
Read an int from the queue.
back a given number of bytes
Sets whether or not the current threadpool is enabled. If the current threadpool is not
Start cassandra with the specified string at the specified time.
cleandata cassandra with the given keyspace and excluded tables.
copy a string resource to a directory
Returns whether or not the specified string represents a socket on the specified port with the specified timeout
Returns an empty subscriber state.
Returns a HashMap with the names of all the opdes set.
Returns the output shape of this command.
Returns true if the condition is satisfied by an or expression.
Computes the logical AND of an array with a condition
Computes the logical and of the elements of an array.
Computes the logical or of the given condition on the given dimension
Applies a where clause to a indarray that has a number equal to the given value
Returns the index of the first element of the given indarray that matches the given condition.
Returns the index of this vector as a flatbuffer. The index of the vector is the
Create a functionproperties object from a flatproperties object.
Returns the properties for this node as a vector of function properties.
Set the throwable.
Set the throwable if it was null.
Merge two lists into a single list. The list must be the same size.
Partition the list by a given chunk.
Returns the nd4j databuffer type for this data buffer.
Shuts down the locker if necessary.
Return the current device s arch.
Convert a column vector to a indarray.
Pooling 2d implementation
Defines a compression descriptor based on abytebuffer.
Returns a list of lists of lists of equal size sorted into a single list of equal size
Throws an illegal argument exception if the shape of the array is not the same as the
Set the data buffer type. The data buffer must be of the type int or float.
Computes the indarray of a given number of elements.
Convert a collection of matrices to a nd4j indarray.
Compute the dot product of each element of curr with the dot product of each element of curr
Use real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real
Create a new complex value
Create a complex value of the specified shape
Returns true if the last synced time is greater than the current synemode time.
Subi a complex number component.
Computes the angle of the complex component of a complex number.
Create a complex number with the ceil component.
Return the negation of the complex number.
Creates a complex number from the absolute value of num.
Create a complex number with the power component replaced.
binarize the matrix by a given cutoff.
This method generates a dataset with the specified number of examples and out outcome classes.
This method is used to get the memory times of the model without the use of labels and
Converts a stack trace to a string.
Converts the given string to a simple hostname.
arraytostring string.
Converts a range of bytes to a string.
Returns an array of strings representing the specified string separated by the specified delimiter. Returns null if
Splits the given string by the given escape char and separator.
Splits a string into an array of strings separated by a character.
Finds the next occurrence of the specified separator in the specified string builder.
Escape a string for use in an HTML string.
Joins the given strings with the given separator into a single string.
camelize a string.
Gets the stacktrace of a thread.
Inverts an indarray to a indarray.
Returns a new big integer starting at the specified index.
Returns true if this node is a getHostside node.
Returns true if this device is an getComponent or not.
Create a databuffer and long arrays of the specified shape
This method creates the stride of the databuffer for the specified shape using the specified order.
Check if a databuffer is a vector
Get the order of the elements of a indarray
Returns the index offset for the provided array and indexes
Converts an array of indices to a list of indices.
Gets the i - th short.
reallocates a buffer with the specified size.
Copy a buffer s contents to another.
Returns a buffer for the specified array.
Get the string representation of the Kafka URI.
Element - wise power function on an ndarray.
indarray = ndarray + base
Computes the maximum element of an ndarray by a scalar.
Return the maximum of the two indarrays. If dup is true the first element is
minimum over a indarray with a scalar.
Returns the minimum of the two indarrays. If dup is true the first indarray
Compute the stabilization of a indarray by a constant.
Element - wise Expm1 lookup on a indarray.
Element - wise log1p on a indarray.
Create a indarray with the same bounds as x and the same number of dimensions as the
Returns the next dataset in the iterator.
Build a new allocation shape for a given databuffer.
Checks to see if a name exists in a path.
Reads the data from an object inputstream.
This method is used to sweeptail out the buffer and update the total number of
Creates a new indarray with the specified size.
Create a indarray from a file.
Allocates a new page of the specified data buffer.
Attaches an object to the lock manager.
Returns true if this server is started.
This method is only public for testing purposes.
Non - blocking call to flushqueue.
get the inputstream from the zip entry. If the zip entry is not a zip entry
Return the number of active devices for the specified thread. If the thread is not currently active
Attach a thread to a device
Gets the next device.
Returns the operating system OS name of the current OS.
Calculates the arch type of the current operating system.
Send an indarray message to the client.
Create a databuffer.
Intercepts an operation and writes the result to the output stream.
Add the complex component of this complex number to the complex number.
Overrides the process message method to allow for non - null payloads.
Maxpooling 3d operation.
Use a depth -wise conv2d strategy.
Resets the state of the engine.
Get the op class for the given op.
Create a new indarray.
Gets shape.
Evaluates the samediff against the input string and returns the indarray of the
This method creates a compressed array from the shape array and the order of the data array.
Computes the expi of each element of the given vector.
Returns the element indices of the array with the same number of times as the original array.
Truncate a vector to a specified dimension
Pad with a scalar value on the specified shape to the right of the original array.
Calculates the elementax of an indarray.
This method broadcasts an array to all registered arrays
Send a message to the originator.
Calculates the gamma of the given mc.
Returns the square root of a number.
Returns the big decimal root of the given big decimal number.
Calculate the power of two numbers.
Calculate the power of two big decimal numbers.
Calculates the power of a big decimal number.
Returns the complex number represented by the argument. The result is a complex number represented by the
Returns the square root of the specified big decimal number.
Calculates the ac values of the argument x using the power of 2. 0 and
Scales a big decimal point by a factor.
Computes the product of the specified big - decimal number with the specified precision.
compute Euclidean norm.
Add a differential function to the list of function instances by id.
Return the result of a differential function
Update an array for a given variable name.
Add a variable name to the template. If the variable name already exists it will be replaced
Associates the specified indarray with the specified variable. If the variable already exists for the
Gets property for function.
Adds a property for a differential function.
Add a differential function to the output for the given variable names.
Adds the arguments for the differential function
Checks if the differential function has args.
Evaluates the differential functions on the string.
Adds a new sdvariable with the specified shape. The shape must be the same as
Returns a sdvariable where the name is the name of the input and the input is the
Returns a sdvariable with the specified name initialized with the specified input.
Remove the argument from a differential function.
Set the variable for a given variab zero or more variables.
Average pooling 3d operation.
Generate a new gru cell with the given base name and configuration.
Execute a list of differential functions
Create a new random variable until the condition is satisfied.
Execute a function.
Execute a differential function.
Return the differential function indarray of the output of the differential function
Adds the given string as placeholder.
Allocates a pointer with the specified memory kind.
Returns the length of the array.
Returns the real name of the databuffer s type ; or str_ if the databuffer
get dtypefromcontext returns null if not available
Get the opnum of this operation.
This method destroys all workspaces associated with current thread.
This method prints the current and pinned strings for the current thread.
Computes the results of a dot product at the current profile level.
Processes the variance at the specified dimension.
Converts a indarray encoded in target to a indarray encoded in the format specified by
Return the unique name of the specified string.
Perform a scalar operation on the axis of the matrix.
Assert that the current system is now workspaces and throw an exception if it is.
Computes the negativ s Levenshtein s Levensht
Requests a tick at the specified time.
Try toe is the current toe or toe.
If toe is the current access state this method will return toe - 1 if the
Returns the current state of the module.
This method is called when a message is received from the remote peer.
Initializes the curr dataset from the list of dataset objects.
The main thread which performs the inithost collectors.
Get a device pointer from the device memory.
This method is used to synchronize the host data.
Applies the specified learning rate over the specified epoch to the specified indarray.
Synchronizes the host with the given allocation point. If the allocation point is enqueued and
Create a indarray from a indarray.
Gets properties for function.
Returns true if any of the command line arguments have exactly one variable.
Computes the difference between the two variables.
Returns a string representation of the given indarray.
Create a new samediff for the specified graph and convert it to the specified tensor type
convert a blob to a dataoutputstream
Converts a blob to a nd4j datainputstream.
Saves the current state of the object to the database.
Copy real to the indarray
Copy the real and imaginary elements of the given indarray to this indarray.
Use this to get the difference between 0 and other.
Assigns an array to this one. The array must be square and has the same length
Returns a matrix with the same number of rows as the input matrix.
Puts a row to the indarray.
Puts a column to a indarray.
This method is used to perform a simple subi operation on two arrays.
Add the elements of the other array to the result array.
subi the elements of this index array with the elements of the other index array.
Add the elements of this and other to this. The result is stored in the indarray
Assigns a given number to this index.
Returns the real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real real
Computes the eigenvalues of the elements of the indarray
Computes the symmetric eigenvalues of the two indarrays.
The element at the current position of the provided array is the vector i. e. the
Copies all elements of x into y.
Computes the dot product of a vector by a scalar.
Overrides the processMessage method to handle incoming messages.
Returns the sum of num_ for each of the specified values and labels
Perform a reduction on the specified sd and output name.
Returns a no arg constructor.
get a method handle for a constructor.
Invokes a method handle with a set of parameters.
Returns the first non - assignable annotation of the given type from the given annotations or null
Returns the annotation of the specified type from the Declared annotations on the class.
Returns true if the specified annotation is declared annotation of the specified type.
Create a proxy instance for a class.
Loads an entity from the database.
Saves a fullentity
Create a new mem level proxy instance with the given raw instance and the given retry count.
Gets the metadata for an entity of the specified kind.
Query the specified keyquery and return the results.
Process a keyquery and return the results.
Query normal results.
Return the results of a projection entity query.
Count the number of results of a keyquery.
Iterates over the input iterator but discards all of the elements in the input iterator.
Load a set of values into an array.
Adds a message for the given path.
Returns the key of the specified POJO.
Compares two keys to determine their relative identityhash codes.
Returns a key with the specified raw key.
Returns the raw value of a key.
Returns a string representation of the given class.
Returns true if the type s parameter list is missing type parameters.
Returns true if the given type is issupertype of the given subtype.
Gets exact directsupertypes for a type.
Captures the given type if it is a parameterized type. Otherwise returns the original type.
Gets the translator for a given key context and path.
Returns the populator for the specified class and path. If the class does not exist or
Get the index of a class or null if not found.
Returns true if the method is one of the annotations defined in the annotations list.
Returns a list of all declared properties.
Returns the key metadata of this object.
Gets the value associated with the specified key. If no value is associated with the key
Executes the fetched entities.
Fetches the pending entities from the datastore.
Add the mapped discriminators of the specified class to the set of indexed discrim
Registers a class as a sub - class of the current class.
Returns the type of a collection component.
Returns the type of the mapkey of the given type.
Constructs a new forward path from a given path.
Return the final path from the current path.
Returns the full path string representation of this object.
Returns the number of elements up to the root of the tree.
Put all the given updates into the cache.
Remove all objects with the given keys from the cache.
Caches all non - cacheable buckets into a hashset.
Get all object from the cache with the specified keys.
Returns set of keys from given collection of buckets.
Set the key to a POJO. If the POJO is already an incomplete key it will be
Sets the long id of the specified POJO.
Gets the parent - meta - key for the specified POJO.
Register a subclass with the current context and the specified path.
Tells whether or not the given types are simple and simple.
Transforms the owner of the given class.
Returns annotation any where type is annotated with annotationtype
Add all values from the other session to this session.
Load the value with the specified key.
Executes the action.
Translates the specified result into a result of a key - value pair.
Fetches a set of entities from the datastore.
Attempts to load the specified entity from the datastore. If the entity does not exist returns
Creates a key of the specified kind from the specified object.
Returns the raw value of the given key.
Returns a value based on the supplied incomplete key s id or name.
Get a key from a urlsafe key.
objectifyimpl transactionless.
Transactnew an object.
Transact a single work object.
Returns true if the object matches all of the specified conditions false otherwise.
objectify the whole object.
This method is only public so that it can be called from outside
Returns the metadata of the specified entity. Throws an illegal argument exception if the entity is
Allocates a new key range.
Opens the objectify with the given options and transactors at the given transact
Close the objectify.
Converts a list of value into a list of boolean values to homogenized.
Creates a ref key with the specified value.
Return the current value. If the current value is null an notfoundexception is thrown.
Add a value for a given key. If the key does not exist it will be created
Call this method to trigger the build when the job is done.
Returns the conditions for the specified field if the number of if classes is equal to this number
Completes the execution of the next runnable in the engine.
Returns the object that corresponds to the specified path.
Returns the stat for the given kind creating a new one if necessary.
If the exception is a runtimeexception wrap it directly. Otherwise wrap it directly.
Returns the translator for the given key context and path. If no translator exists for the given
Returns a translator for a given entity type.
Creates a new translator for each of the registered translator factories.
Allows to override the loading of a property from a container.
Gets the value of a property from a container.
set a value on a POJO
Overrides the save method if the current entity is a full entity. If the current entity
Returns the specified POJO s value.
Write extensions.
Writes a category to a string.
Writes a list of categories to a jsongenerator.
Process the specified string using the specifiedprocessor context.
Returns an iterable view of the given bid response builder.
Gets the builder with the given id from a builder response.
Updates the bid builder list of the given response builder list with the given boolean value.
Removes all builder ids matching the given filter from the given bid response.
Reads a JSON object from a JSON file.
emptytonull is an emptytonull
Register an extendable builder with its factory.
Register an openrtbjsonextwriter with the class.
Processes the provided snippetprocessorcontext.
This method is used to process the fields of a snippetprocessorcontext.
Updates all objects in the given iterable with the given function.
Filters the elements in the given list according to the given predicate.
get the current name from a json parser
start an object
create an array with the same field_name and value as the start of the array
get the current token if it does not exist create a new token and return it
Writes a boolean field to the file using the jsongenerator.
Writes a list of strings to a jsongenerator.
Writes a list of ints to a jsongenerator.
Writes a list of long values to a jsongenerator.
Write enums.
Resolves a url with the given target.
Attempts to append the target string to the url base string.
Get all hosts from url.
Returns the host of the given URL.
Gets a page from a url.
Load a list of strings from stormconf
Extract a configuration element from the map.
Returns the protocol for the given URL.
Generate a warcinfo string with the specified fields.
Extract refreshurl from string.
Gets meta foroutlink.
Filter a set of metadata by mdtof.
Adds a new url to the queue.
Returns a clean field name with all the occurrences of str_ and all lower case str_
Gets the charset from a given bytedata.
Gets the charset from the text content.
Get charset from meta data.
Returns true if the number of elements in the array is larger than maxoffset non - zero
Set a string value for the given key.
Gets the first value of a set of strings.
Creates a list of cookies from a list of cookies.
Checks if a string is a domain match for a urldomain.
Returns the key of the URL with the protocol host and port set to the default value.
Get the baserobotrules from the cache.
Extracts the Metatags from a document.
This method is called by subclasses when they need to ack some data.
Used to filter a URL.
Filter the url string by removing all substitution from the url string.
read the configuration from the rulesfile.
Attempts to process a list of elements from a URL to a list of elements.
Instantiates a navigation filters object from a conf file.
Add a record format at the given position.
the number of inactive queries that have been sent
Call this to trigger the queries that have expired.
get all filters from conf file
Append a child node to the current node.
This method is called by the parser when processing a string.
This method is used to override the default comment handling.
This method is used to override the default parsing of a DTD. It is needed to override
Returns the string value for the url field of the given tuple.
Trim the text if it is less than or equal to num_.
Returns the duration of the specified custom interval status for the specified status or empty if status is
Create a url filters object from a conf file.
Set the item count.
Given a size and a measure spec and a measure spec return the size of that spec or
Set the drawable to be used for the empty list item.
Set the current angle of the bond.
Updates the selected position of the item.
Set the status of the item at a specific position.
Returns the raw positiontowh position in the adapter.
Update the current status.
Obtains the color of a specific entry from the material.
Clamp the specified value to the specified limit.
Writes the coverage data to a JSON file.
Gets the dataasbytebuffer from the buffer.
Set the string storage.
1d stringarray.
Returns a new arraychar containing the specified number of characters at the specified index.
Convert arrayobject values to arrayobject.
Create a new array character for a string of the given length.
Get the Draw Draw Draw Draw time interval for the specified grib2record. If the
Shows this frame.
Show the frame if the frame is not iconified.
Makes the best estimate of the number of points in the gridlist for the provided projection
The main entry point for this class.
Create a new unitname with a given name and plural.
Create a new unitname with the given parameters.
Returns the plural version of the given string.
Returns whether the given date is included in this time period.
Returns the intersection of this set with the specified set.
Extend the dater variant by the start and end of the specified dater variant.
Extend the current time by the given date.
Sets the start of this period.
Sets the end of the period.
Sets the duration of the interval.
Add a mapbean to the mapaction menu.
Print a stack trace for the specified string.
Returns the name of this object.
Returns the line in paramstostring format.
Opens a DAP stream from a byte array.
Computes the list of rangeiterator to be used for a given query.
Set min max and duration fields depending on whether or not a sliders is provided.
Computes the mapping from each dimension to the corresponding element size. If the number of
Register a directory watcher.
Enables or disables the processevents.
Wraps a task to fetch the features of a certain feature type.
Return whether or not a given feature type is ok.
Find the featuretype of the ncd.
convert catalog to html
Converts a catalog to an HTML catalog.
Returns the usercss string.
Get the userhead string.
Return true if the path points to a top - level resource.
Adds the globalservices to the catalog builder.
Initialize the session with the specified provider and the specified useragent.
This method is deprecated. Use getcontentasstring instead.
set the string content to the response
Returns the default frontpage. If no defaultfrontpage is set the
Makes a catalog string. If the catalog string matches the pattern the request path will be
Extracts a threddsmingBoxed threddsmingBoxed stereo
Gets the dataset corresponding to a given dataset.
Returns true if the values are equal.
Create a new unitid with the specified name plural and symbol.
Parses a string representation of an attribute.
Reads a random number from a file.
Calculate the bytestoint of two shorts.
Calculate bytestoint of a byte array.
Get a date from the number of milliseconds since the epoch.
Returns a string with the specified string builder of the specified length that represents a validnetcd
Returns true if the given string is a validnet - 3 object name.
Read the recorddata of a structure.
Read recorddatasubset.
Fills the nonrecordvariables field with the result of the call to this method.
Returns the date and time at the specified time.
Creates a newtruct from the specified calendar.
Returns true if the specified string is less than the number of times specified in timetem
Adds a function to the server - side.
Get a bool function by name.
Return the btfunction with the given name. If the function does not exist yet it will
Loads a new function.
Gets the levelname of the specified gridrecord.
Retrieve theleveldescription of a gridrecord.
Get the levelunit of a gridrecord.
Returns the type of the specified griddef record.
Checks to see if the gridrecord is a gridrecord.
Checks to see if the gridrecord is a layer.
Makes a new transform for a set of attributecontInputs.
Method used to create a variableds object with all the parameters of a given data point transform
Make a projectionimpl for the coveragetransform gct and formatter.
The main method to run this class from the command line.
Saves the current location of the dialog.
Returns a copy of this chronology with the specified timezone.
Writes the specified number of bytes to the current position in the count buffer. If debug
Writes an array to the serial writer.
Writes len bytes to str_.
Writes a range of bytes to the output stream.
Finish initialization.
Returns a new instance of the dater exactly the same as the one given.
Create a new grib2gds instance using the specified template.
Returns the number of dds found in the given text.
Converts a string into a das das parse tree.
Swaps the header of the grid with the header of the original data.
Read a grid from a mcidasrecord file.
Main method to run the mcidas grid reader on the command line.
Write aacon to the output file
Write headersandss to fileoutput
Add a operation to the output file
Reads all the files in the directory and adds to the stats.
Scans a file for statistics.
Get the type of gridpacking of a number.
Finds a grid with a specified parameter.
Convert a word to a set of decimal places.
Unpack a data array.
Gibt die Anzahl der Nachricht uebergeben
Unpackgrib 1 data.
Unpack a grib vector into an array.
Retrieve and display the grid records in str_.
get the next byte
Creates a new calendardate using the chronology of the given calendar.
Returns a calendardate for the given date.
Returns a calendardate of the given time in milliseconds.
Returns a new calendardate instance with the same date and time as the given calendar
Parses a given number of units from a given calendarname and a given double value.
Calendardate o for the specified field.
Create a cdmarray and return the array.
Set up the response object and call the method.
Constructs a string builder for use as a escapes string.
This method creates a list of slice objects from a list of range rangelist.
Unwraps a net access file or returns null if it is not a net access file
Checks to see if a list of dimensions contains a variable length.
Computes the shape of the dapCurve.
Add a date to this time period.
Computes the product of the given unit with this unit and another unit.
Computes the divideby of the given unit.
Computes the complexes of a unit given by this unit and another unit.
Return the mapped unit of the given power.
Computes the derivative of this unit by the given amount.
Computes the derivative of the unit.
Computes the derivative of this unit by the given amount.
Computes the descriptor of this string.
Read data from specified section into this array. If the variableindex is partitioncollection then the
convert a collection to an array
Flattens a list of stationsubset stations into a single entry.
Find the invservice with the specified name.
Returns the Gatesize size for the given data type.
Returns the Gatestart standard for the given data type.
Returns the number of reflectivity and width of the doppler for the given data type
Writes the content of a netcd to an outputstream.
Returns the preferred layout size for the given container.
Verifies that a field is a descendant of a request.
Generates an invcatalogimpl for a proxied resource.
Returns a calendardateunit instance for the given calendar name and string.
Returns a new calendardateunit instance with the specified calendardateunit string
Returns a calendardateunit instance for the specified calendar period field and basedate.
Return the current quantity as a copy of this quantity. The returned quantity will have the same
Returns true if the provided raf is a random accessfile.
Used to read the data of a 2D array from the file.
Reads the data of a variable from the file.
Read to the specified channel.
Returns the distance between 0 and num_. The result is half_down if the angle
Returns the step value between range_ first and range_last.
Returns the distance between the two points.
Converts a string and a number into a byte array.
Calculates the aliphist for a given prf and wave.
Make a verticaltransform on a data set that has timed values on the same dimension.
Set the debug flags for this str_. The str_ will be set to be set
Set index extend mode on or off.
Reads the xy of the specified ensidx and timeidx from the specified range of y
Returns true if the ensidx of the specified time index is missing in the variable v2
Returns the latitude and longitude bounding box of this box.
Finish the writing of the sequence
Set the tab at the current index to the specified string. If alwaysone is true the
Returns a string with the specified number of occurrences of each character pad to the specified number of
Returns a string containing the int value padded with zeros.
Returns a string of the given long value padded with zeros if necessary.
Convert a double size to a string.
Shows a double.
Shows a double using the format specified.
Returns a string representation of the specified shape.
Finish a slice.
Converts the current index to a string. If current index is equal to the current index
Compose a slice from source to target.
Map the element at the specified index to the value at the specified index.
Dumps the contents of the specified buffer to the specified byte buffer.
Returns the type of the given string or null if the string is null.
Returns the type of the specified epsgid.
Converts definition of datacol into definition of datacol and returns array of definition of data
Extract text from a URL.
content of a URL
The method to get the inputstream from the inputstream. The inputstream is not closed
Reads data from a section and converts it to a byte channel.
Adds all attributes of the specified group to this group.
Remove the attribute with the specified string.
Remove the ignore case attribute for the specified string.
Returns a list of runtime units of the first date and the duration of all runtime units.
Add a new actionourcelistener.
Returns the date represented by the given text.
Converts a string to a date. If the string is not a date a date is
Returns the date origin of this unit or null if this unit is not a timescaleunit
Returns the date represented by this object.
Converts a double to a date and time unit.
Converts a date to a value in seconds.
Converts a double to a datestandarddates string.
Get the grid degreeinkm parameter of the specified type.
Add boolean values to a gridfile. The boolean values are true if the grid file is
Add a new axis to a collection.
Converts a non - rotated nor orthographic projection file into a non - rotated projection file
Add gdsparams to the template.
Adds a new dataType system variable.
Die Methode wird aufgerufen wird aufgeruf
Generate the parameter value for the parameter list.
This method is used to calculate the gds of the gds of the griddef
Set the dx dy parameter for the projectionimpl.
dselem and uri base are not supported.
Retrieve the metadata for an object from its URL.
Gets the leveltype1 value.
Returns true if the file is a random accessfile
Writes an array of bytes.
Sets the name of the attribute.
Returns the short name of the specified axist type from the specified data set.
Get the full variable name for a given dimension.
Build the XML string for this request.
Build a dapexception.
Returns the breakuplevels for the given level var.
Converts a list of strings to a dimension.
Creates a new dimension and adds it to the specified list of dimensions.
Resolves a coordinate axis from a reference to a time axis.
Set the bitshave of a float value to a given value.
Writes a string to a file.
Wraps the ncfile in the specified mode if it has already been created.
Open a file.
Clears all coordinates systems.
Returns the coordinate axis of the specified axist type.
Returns the coordinate axis for a given string.
Returns the coordinatesystem with the specified name.
Find a coordatetform by it s name.
Enhances the mode list to which this object should be Enhances to.
Set the values of a variable at a specified index.
Set the values of a variable.
Converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
Returns the index of this vector.
Return the existing file of the given name or null if it does not exist.
Return a list of esrifeature inside the specified rectangle.
Discretize the given double array.
Adds a thredd smiles to the schema.
Adds a string to the list. If the list is longer than the number of inv
Remove mappings for the specified type.
Returns the number of bytes specified by start < num_.
Checks if ismine.
Returns a list of all names of the specified string which can be removed later.
A utility method to build a constraint attribute string from a list of strings.
Builds a structure system for the TetrahedralApiException.
Finds all the variant processes in the varlist that have the same coordinates.
Finds the Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draws for the specified processes.
Make all non - overlapping non - overlapping non - overlapping non - overlapping non - overlapping non
Make a bytecodeystemsmaximal.
Checks to see if the variable axis is a variable for a variable.
Make a subset of this object with the specified dataset.
Marks the given datasetfilter and deletes it from the data set.
Marks a dataset filter as read.
make sure this is only called once
Counts the given comparable value.
adds a new name a symbol and a definition
Compares two columns.
Override this method to compare two boolean values.
Add the attributes from the map to the node.
Returns whether or not the given time values are valid.
Register a class.
Register a dsp class.
Returns whether or not a class is registered in the registry.
Unregisters a dsp class.
Get the getEndcast time interval size in hours for a given pds.
Gets an array with the index of the time interval used by the given grib2
Get the vert unit with the given code.
Sort the dapnode list in ascending order.
Finds a new variable with the same attribute as the specified string.
Finds a new variable with the same attributevalue as the specified one.
Returns the short name of a variable with an attribute value.
Find a variable with a specific attribute value
Returns the nested structure of the given structure or null if the structure is not a nested structure
Checks to see if the data structure has a net access to the data structure of the
Get the attribute value. If the attribute value is not null and the errlog is non
Get the feature type of a feature.
Returns the shortname of the variable. If the variable does not exist or does not have
Get the value at a given index as a double.
Computes the distance between two points.
Returns all values of this vector as double array.
Adds a section to the coordinate axis.
Finds the index of the specified target within the specified range.
Gets the name of the attribute and enumeration.
Add an action to this model.
Returns the first match of the given path or null if the path does not match.
Main entry point for the projection manager.
Finds the index of the specified element in the data array between start and max.
Add a URL to the cache.
Makes a snapshot of the cache.
Convenience method to stop the background loading of all elements.
Stop loading a url.
Retrieve a specific http method from a httpsession.
Returns the mock method object for the given URL. If the URL does not have a method
Generate a random object from a float type.
Returns the next number in the string.
Reads the data of a cdmvar and section into an array.
get provider of a filesystem
Reads all records of level 2volumescan and prints them.
Extracts the index of an element in the t gr and returns it as an integer.
Remove all datavariables with the given string.
cloud_hgt2_meters
Overrides the reallyread method to get the grid for the current section from the command line
Set the num_.
Convert a rectangle in world space to an aff Staticransform.
Create a new authscope from the given URI.
Finish the computation
Returns true if the given factor isreciprocalof.
Get the inv catalog for the specified directory and filter pattern.
Returns the index of the specified element in the array.
Reads metadata from a URL.
Read metadata content.
Adds the metadata content object to the element.
Returns true if the cataloggenconfig for the object is valid and validates it.
read the catgenconfelement attribute of the element.
Create a datasets object from str_.
Read a datasetnamerelement.
Read a datasetfilter element.
Create a new resultservice element.
Creates a jdom2 element for the cataloggen configuration element.
Create a new element with a dss Element type set to catalog_gen_config_
Creates a new element at catalog_gen_config_namespace 0_2.
Create a new element with a namespace of catalog_gen_config_namespace_05.
Makes a jdom2 element for createresultservice element.
Return true if this is a isset of the specified flag.
Construct a j menu. Remove it if the number of times is greater than num_.
Adds a string to the parameter list.
Make a parameter from a list of words.
Returns the parameter with the given name.
Reads a string from an inputstream.
Read a number of bytes from an inputstream.
Replaces the ens_template_id with the ens_template_id in the files
Set the stnidvname and stndescvname of the stnid
Makes sure the values in the buffer are valid and the edit value is stored in the
This method returns an array of bytes from a random accessfile.
Set the net CF to use as a net CF file.
Set the debug flags of this element.
Get the pieces of a name.
Determine whether or not a d Structure is a group.
Get the net - level attributes for the das that are in the net - level attributes
Adds a dimension d to a specified group.
Construct a set of dimensions from a group and a dodsarray.
Returns true if the specified bas type is unsigned.
Reads the data for the specified string from the server.
Get an imageicon.
Gets an image resource.
Create a cursor for an image with the specified name. If the name does not exist a
Fills an object from a random accessfile.
Fills an object with the data from another data inputstream.
Reads a data object from a layoutbb.
Generates an array of the given size for the given data type.
Convert bytTo char utf - 8.
Convert a char array to a UTF - 8 encoded byte array.
Converts an array of bytes to an array of chars.
Reads all values from a parsedsection and makes an array of values from it.
Returns the innerdata of a structure member.
Returns a scalar string.
Returns the cdmarray structure of the specified member at the specified index.
Returns the array at the specified recno for the specified member.
The method computes all member information for a given dAPvariable.
Add a new group to the net process.
Normalize a path.
Add a nested dataset to the cache.
Add a parameter to the parameter list. If the parameter is not null the parameter list is
Call this method to finish the previous task.
Called by the framework when a canceltask is called.
Gets the typical dataset. The order of the returned dataset is the same as the order
Generate a dataset with the given parameters.
Put a data set on the resource control hash.
Adds a point to the cfpoint list.
Get the bounding box of all points.
Get the lower triangular bounding box of this polygon. The lower triangular bounding box is
Validates the string builder by setting the isvalid flag to true.
Returns true if the dataset is the same as the dataset passed in.
add all features of the specified feature datasetpoint.
Convenient method to parse a dap2exception s and sbhexceptions.
Evaluate all clauses of a specialo.
Print each clause in the enumeration to the specified print writer.
amend fromodl boolean.
If num_ is equal to num_ then set the values to the specified values. Otherwise
Checks to see if a dimension with the specified short name matches the want dimension and if
Find a group with the specified name.
read xlinkcontent returns the xlink content as a string.
Get the standard uri for this catalog.
set the projection of this model object.
Adds a component to the layout.
This method is used to invalidate the global bounds of this object.
Removes a component from the constraint map.
Returns the minimum layout size of this dimension for the specified container.
Get the layout for the specified container.
Returns true if theazimuth axis and theelevation axis are non - rad
Gets the maximum radial.
Converts the geographic coordinates to an array of doubles.
Liefert die IBANzahl der Nachricht gegeben
Converts goes togeos.
Returns the sweep angle axis of the specified string if the specified string is the same as the
Checks if the specified string is a sweep angle axis. If found the sweep angle axis
Sets the runtime details of the Removes.
Writes a string to a file.
Converts a file in memory to a file out to a file in memory.
Returns the arraysequence of the specified member.
Gets the string representation of this variable.
Get the unique id of the device.
Get the first invaccess of the specified type.
Returns the inv dataset with the specified name.
Gets the parent catalog.
Get a list of metadata of the specified type.
Find the invservice with the specified name.
Gets a list of variables from a given vocab string.
Constructs a list of inv catalogref - > all inv catalogref - > all inv
Escapes a string so that it can be used as a URI path.
Adds a stagger to an array.
Create the extrapiated points for the given array.
Computes the computer words of a given location.
Returns the detail info of this string.
Create a structure with the specified partname and the specified list of dimensions.
Returns a new variable with missing values.
Create a paramvariable.
Override this method to add custom attributes to the global attributes.
Returns the stn varsize of the given name.
1darray of given type.
Returns the state of the target at the specified yysym.
Returns a string with the error message for the specified token.
Prints the contents of the string at the specified location in the yystack.
Returns the DAP string read from the DAP stream. Returns null if the DAP
Reads an error.
Read a number of bytes from the file.
Reads the header of the file.
isostringtocalendardate returns true if the specified string is aostring
Reads a list of records from a URL.
Transfergroup a group to another.
Returns the stnfile of the given location or null if it does not exist.
Overrides the default open method to try to open a file based on the file extension.
Returns the starting index of the specified element in the set.
Returns the end value for the specified index.
Create all non - standard gribcollection groups and files.
Set the text value of the edit text field
Returns the requested data type.
Converts a x y z - coordinate to an array of doubles.
Clean unit string.
Returns a new string with all the non - null chars removed and all whitespace chars removed.
Returns true if the given string is unitless.
Create a notes instance.
Returns the varid of the specified note.
Processes the attributes of the specified das and adds them to the specified das object
Get a dodsv for a given name.
If the dodsv is a finddatav then get the parent dodsv
Find a dodsv by its index.
Returns the parent group of this file or null if this file is not a parent group.
Returns the dimension of the specified index.
Returns the index of the specified dimension.
Returns the units of the attribute as a string.
Returns the shapeassection of the model.
Returns a new variable with the specified value.
Sets the value of the enumstituteef property of this object.
Reads a list of ranges.
Converts a scalar to a string.
returns an array with the data read from the file or null if the file does not exist
Reads an array from the specified section.
Returns a string representation of this interface.
This method is used for debugging. This is for debugging only.
Sets the data type of this vector.
Changes the number of dimensions of the attribute. If the attribute is null a new attribute is
Resets the shape to its initial value.
Set the value of the dimstring. The dimstring must be the same as the one
Resets the attribute s index to its initial value.
Set the dimension of a specific index.
Set the data of this element to the specified array.
Returns a list of all the dimensions in this dimension.
Set the boundingbox of the bounding box.
Finish the current collection search.
Returns an iterable containing all the dataset objects contained in this dataset.
Returns true if the specified path matches any of the syn extensions in the syn extensions list.
Open the cdmdsp directory with the specified ncd.
Get the DAP DAP file and write it to the DAPDAP file.
Recursive method to build the seqtypes for a variable.
dapexception = > num_
Returns a list of all available dapef candidates.
Returns the core dimension set of a given list of dimensions.
Scans the specified file for messages and returns the number of messages found.
Reads a message from the buffer and processes it using the provided counter.
This method is used to post data to the server.
Get the aff line transform.
Returns true if the displaywidth and height are the same.
Get the map area of the image.
Converts a point w into a point p in world space.
pan the map by the given amount.
zooms the image by given width and height
Recompute fromboundingbox.
Adds a listener to the set of listeners.
Remove an object from the list of listeners.
Sends an event to all listeners.
Sends an eventexcludesource.
Sends a command to a writer.
Convert a variableif to a string.
Converts an array into a string.
Prints a structuredata object to a print writer.
Converts an array to plain text and writes the result to the specified print writer.
Prints an array to a print writer.
Convenience method to write varspred elements to the specified writer.
Converts a string to a double using the default value if the string is a string and
Add a parameter to the parameter list.
Returns an object with all of the slice objects of the given type.
Returns true if the gridrecord is a level of level 1 or a level of level 2
Returns true if the specified unit is compatible with this object.
Returns a string builder for the specified string.
Set the bitoffset of the file.
Returns the number of bits of a number > = nb. If the number of bits is
Convert a number of bits to a sint
Tries to open a connection to the specified URL.
Returns the das command.
Returns the completece of the specified string or null if the string is null.
Calculates the perpendicular distance to the root point of the provided projectionpoint
Converts an xml string to a string by replacing str_ with str_.
Returns a datercrease with the same date as the given range.
Returns whether or not the given rafile is valid.
Set the noradid attributes to the noradid attributes.
The number of samples perBand dimension is the number of samples in the file.
Returns the root element of the document.
Utility method to cleandata a string if it is a valid XML string.
Xunescapes a string using the given escape character.
Escapes a string with _allowableinurlquery. If an exception occurs it
Unescapes a URL query string and returns the resulting string. If an exception occurs while
Returns the backslash - encoded string of the specified string.
Use backslash encoding for a string.
Addlightningglobal attributes to a netpointfile.
Swap a short from an array of bytes at a specific offset.
Swap an int from a byte array at a specific offset.
swap a double with a single int
Swap a float with its int bits.
Swaps a double with a long bit.
Convert a short to bytes.
Converts an integer to a byte array.
Converts a long to an array of bytes.
Create a new verticaltransform that returns the subset of the elements in this cluster. The resulting
Writes the last modified date to an XML - formatted string.
Copies the elements of the given array.
Startxml.
Write the wfsfeature list to the output file.
Adds grid record list to the gridfile system.
Add the requested group to the netscope file.
Add theton etcdffile to a group.
Use this method to find the decomposition for a given level.
Returns the index of the record s level.
Terminates the process and closes the system out.
Returns a file object with the given name. If the file does not exist it will be
Returns the filelocation as a file. Returns null if the filelocation does not
Show the cache.
Remove all cached files.
Calculates the bearing of a given pair of points.
Calculates the bearing between two points. The defaultearth point is used as
The main entry point for this class.
Computes the distance between a point and a latlonpoint.
Computes the distance from a point to a latlonpoint. If the distance is
Returns a latlonpoint with the defaultearth distance.
Starts a new loading thread for the specified picture status code.
Starts loading the specified picture with the specified URL and set the current rotation.
Loads the image URL and the hashcode.
Stop loading the image
Stop loading a specific image.
Gets the dimension of this image and the number of pixels in each dimension.
Set the buffered image as a source image with a status message.
Get the standard uri for this catalog. The standard uri is the same as the standard uri
This method can be used to transfer information from a data source to a data target.
Returns the number of bytes and bits of this key s subkeys.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Load the file header.
Loads the data from the stream.
Returns the field with the specified name.
Returns the double array of values for the specified string field or null if the field does not
Returns an array containing all strings of this field with the specified name. Returns null if the
Returns an array containing all boolean values matching the given field name.
Returns the i - th fielddesc for the i - th i - th i
Returns an array of strings representing the names of the fields.
Main method of this class.
Get the attributes map.
The dapattribute associated with this attribute. The attribute s shortname will be set to
Remove an attribute.
Returns the dapgroup for this group or null if this group does not exist in the
Get the dapcontainer of this node.
Gets the escaped shortname.
Get the container path.
Gets all the dapGroups contained in this node.
Returns the computefqn node of this node.
Builds a dAP message from a byte array.
putbeancollection to the context.
Return the value associated with the specified key as a list or null if the key is not
Returns the object associated with the given key.
Reads data from a file.
Prints the contents of the ce matrix to the current print writer.
Internal method to print out a dapinstance.
Write the element to a writer and return the written string.
Writes an element to a file.
Writes an element to an outputstream.
Write the xml - formatted string to the writer.
Returns a new element with the same attributes as this dimension.
Make a projectionct for the given units to be compatible with the provided units.
Returns an int array of the attribute values for the given string.
Create a new baseunit with a new name a symbol and a quantity.
Gets the unit with the given name and symbol from the given unit definition.
Die Methode das unitdbimpl zurueck. Diese
Get the singleton instance of si.
Finds the closest element in the axis.
Finds the index of the element with respect to the target value.
Returns an optional subset of the current string representation of the specified axis with the specified number of
Opens up a result for a specific task.
Open a feature dataset.
Annotate a dataset.
Reads data from a file.
Makes a string representation of this URI from an enumset of parts.
Returns the canonical version of the given string.
Normalize the string.
Finish the download by resolving the xlink href attribute.
Returns the object with the specified key or null if there is no object with the specified key
Associates the specified object with the specified object. If the object was previously stored in the
Returns the date of this object.
Print attributes of a dapnode node.
Print an xml attribute.
Returns true if the given attribute is iss specifed to a dapsort attribute.
Print a variable definition.
Returns true if the provided file is a random accessfile.
Sets theareadDirectory attributes of the variable.
Set the navblock attributes.
Get the caltype of a given calname.
Set the type attributes for the image.
Finds and sets lat lon for the specified table configuration and predicate.
Retrieve the full qualified name of a coordinate axis for a given type.
Find a coordinate axis for a given type.
Find a coordinate axis for a given type.
Find a dimension by type.
Utility method to find the best coordinatesystem for a given net process.
Finds an axis with the same dependencetype as the provided axist type in the
Returns the host - level variable of the given row with the given name.
Read the marker bytes from a datainputstream.
Render a marker to a dataoutputstream.
The main method. This is just for debugging.
Returns an array of strings.
Get the parameter list.
Set the list of stations on the chart
Set the string that will be selected.
Redraws the current image at the current time.
Reads an object from the stream.
Writes the object definition to the outputstream.
add a unitdbimpl to this unitdbimpl.
Add a unit to the unitset.
adds a new symbol to the unit existant.
Returns the unit with the given ID.
add a single unit to a unit by name
adds a symbol to a unit.
adds a unit to the map. If the old unit is not the same as the new
Displays the current Lookandf set as a j menu item.
Find a record bydrspos using a random accessfile.
Reads a dataset.
Overrides the default serialize method if the org is null.
Returns a copy of this projectionimpl with the same origin and height as the default map area
Create a thredds data structure for a given task.
Create a thredds data structure from an invaccess task.
Use this method to perform a opendatDataset operation on a device descriptor.
Annotates an invDataset object with its name and id attributes.
Adds a partition for a given variable index.
Make a gribcollection.
Create a new instance of regexpandduration timecoverageenhancer.
Create a new instance of regexpandduration timecoverageenhancer.
Write to a file with the querycapability.
Extracts the structure from the core 2. 0 file.
Sets the legend for the specified file.
Set the buffered image to a string with the status message.
Moves the current page to the top of the screen.
Paint the component.
Converts an array of ints to an array of ints based on a Ftoi index
Converts an array of ints to a DTF string.
This method is used to get the date and time values from an array of ints.
Returns the day index of the entry for the specified imon in the specified year.
Create a string representation of a code point.
Converts an array of ints to an array of ints.
Returns the packing name of the specified packing type.
Gets the correct data type.
The method to read the data from a stream.
Converts this object to an externalized format.
Get the tag associated with the given short code.
Get the next image.
Returns the size of a type.
Returns the sum of the elements of an array.
Set the grid coordinate.
Set the overlap between the current set of blocks and the given set of blocks.
Clears all elements of the internal array.
Marks the specified object if it is clear.
Returns the index of the specified rectangle relative to its width and height.
Finds the point on the grid.
Finds an object at the specified point.
Checks to see if the indexx and indexy are too close to each other.
get or create a baseunit.
Search the string fragment to see if the protocol is opendap or dap4 or
Checks to see if the current server has a support for the searchpath.
Decode path extension.
Check ifdods.
Writes data from a variable to the outputstream.
Returns a string representing the suffix of the specified string.
Returns the prefix of the specified string.
Locates a string in a directory.
This method creates a string with the same locaterelative information as the supplied string.
Extracts a byte array from a buffer.
Convert a dapvariable to a list of dapvariable
Returns null if the given string is null.
Joins the given string array into a new string with the given separator between the given indices
Returns true if the specified string is a drivel than the specified path.
Returns a list of strings with the given url and breakpoint.
Returns a list of the slice with the indextosies of the specified indices.
Returns a list containing the slice of the specified dapvariable at the specified offset.
Returns true if the list is a list of slice with the same number of items.
Checks to see if a list of slice contains at least num_ elements.
Index a list of slice objects.
Read data from an inputstream.
Set the stnidvname stnidvname and stnindexvname
Read the featurecollection configuration from the catalog and return a featurecollection configuration object.
Update the list of dap groups.
Returns the dapvariable with the specified name.
Gets theaxistType attribute of the XLogPDescriptor object.
Gets the grib stat type.
Used to calculate the mean and maximum value of a region within a specified stride.
Returns a list of all the Range objects in the range table.
A helper method to allow derived classes to override this behavior.
Gets the sessionid.
Set the maximum number of tries to make a httpsession.
Sets whether or not a session should be uses.
Closes this session.
setauthenticationandproxy on the entity manager.
This method is used to track a session.
Use this to set the credentials provider for a specific scope.
Validate the given URL string
Create an index for a given shape.
Computes how many times a particular stride appears at a given index.
Adds a list of ranges to an index.
For internal use only.
Reduces the number of elements to the specified dimension.
Creates a new copy of this array with the specified elements at index1 and index2.
Returns a copy of this array with the specified number of elements permuted
Returns an iterator for the specified array.
Returns the index of the current element in the buffer.
Set current array to the specified array.
Set the dim value if the value is smaller or equal to the current value
Set the components of this index to the specified values.
Get the time interval name.
Return a new calendar based on the specified time unit and refdate.
Returns a list of strings with the same date and time as the row.
Make the parameter list from the specified part.
Returns a list of all filestations for the given galender.
Returns a list of all of the unique names of the keys currently set.
Get the list of dates in the timezone.
Returns the index of the first station of the given id.
Returns the type of the variant.
indents a given number of nodes. If the depth of the node is out of bounds
Set the indent depth.
reador create an index from a single file
Adds a string to the collectionconfig object.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not this node is likely to be of the right kind.
Scans the input map for the first time.
Set the debug flags for this widget.
Adds a new variable to the model.
Convenient method to write a canceltask to the filein.
Validates the user - supplied documentation.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Set the original variable.
Returns the result of reading the variable from the specified section. If the section computesize
Convert all variables from structureds to boolean.
Converts the array structure to a structure.
Convert memberinfo to memberinfo.
Finds the variable from the given orgname.
Returns true if the variable has data.
Enhances all variables with the given mode.
Gets the resource path from the request. If the path is null then the default path
Create an empty sequence from a given sequence.
Create an arraysequence from a list of parameters and a float array of values.
Generate a sequence with the specified partname and optionally the optional flag.
Adds an attribute to a variable.
Reads a single catalog entry from the catalog file and calls the callback with the specified string
Construct an inv catalog object from an XML string.
Get the indoc from the string reader and convert it to an inv catalog impl.
Writes invcatalogimpl to outputstream
Get a metadataConverterif.
Returns the dimensionlessid of this unitname.
Computes the product of this unit with the specified unit.
Computes the dimension of this vector by the dimension of the given unit. If the
Converts float array input to derived unit array output.
Returns true if this unit is compatible with the specified unit.
Takes a simple geometry and returns a string representation of it. If the geometry is a
Write a point to the XML.
Appends the points of the line to an XML string.
Add a polygon to the xml string.
Returns a list of all subnodes of the given node.
Add attributes to a dap node.
Returns the string at the specified index of the specified variable.
Convenient factory method to create a new array structurema from an existing array structure.
Set the dataarray of a member.
Convenient factory method to create a structure from an array with the given shape
Returns the value of a geometrytype property.
Gives you a new stereo or a new stereo or a new st
Utility method to compile the given AST.
Adds a filter to the current DAP stream.
Adds a new dimension to the specified ceast.
Create a view of an array.
Returns true if this region is contained in the specified region.
Extend the location of the given lat lonpoint. If the lat lonpoint is already
Extends this class with another class.
Computes the maximum of the specified lat longitude rectangle intersecting with the specified clip.
Adds the elements of the two arrays to the end of the array.
Returns true if the values of the two arrays conformable to each other.
Returns true if the specified shapea conformable to shapeb false otherwise.
Convert an array to a new array
Copies the contents of an array.
Copies the boolean values of the specified array to the specified array.
Copies the contents of an array to another array.
Returns the min and max of the specified array.
Set the doublenext of an array.
Returns a new catalog builder based on the current configuration of this catalog builder.
Returns a projectionimpl factory for the given projection
Convert an identifier into an escaped string.
Converts the specified string to a URN - encoded string.
Unescapes a URL so it can be used as a URL.
Escapes a string with a set of reserved characters.
escape str_ if x is not a string escape str_ if x is not a string
Tokenize a escaped name into a list of strings.
Finds the index of the specified character in the escaped string.
Converts a string to a backslashtodap.
Retrieve the dapvariable template from the current context.
Return a list of all elements that are not part of a nc4 cursor.
Returns the default value for the specified class and property.
Get the jclass of the given component.
Compile the dataset and databuffer.
Method to compile a d4 cursor from a structure.
Generate a d4 cursor from a structure.
Return a d4 cursor for a given dapsequence and a d4 cursor for a
The d4 cursor returned by this dap and the dapsequence in the container.
Reads a long between num_ and num_.
Returns the field with the specified name or null if the field does not exist.
Returns the value of a field.
Set the value of a field.
Adds a field to this record.
Add a checkbox field.
Add a date field.
Add a double field.
Adds a int field to the grid.
Add a new password field.
Add a text field.
Add a text field.
Adds a new text field.
Adds a layout component to this panel with the specified heading and row number.
Adds a component to the layout
Adds a new row to the layout components.
Returns the active frame or null.
Returns the cell angle of the bond.
Returns an array of factors.
Perform a mult operation on the specified array of dimensions.
Returns an array that contains all the elements of a power function.
Returns true if the specified dimension isreciprocalof.
Returns a boolean indicating whether all of the elements in this group are applicable to the current thread
Create a new grib1param tables factory.
Create a grib1param tables factory.
Add parametertablelookup.
Adds a parametertable table.
Return the derived unit with the given power.
Convert an array of float values to a derived unit.
Initialize the hashtable.
Makes a new variable with the specified values.
Peeks the name of a random accessfile.
Extracts a short from the specified byte array at the specified offset.
Extracts an int from a byte array at a specific offset.
This method extracts a float from a byte array at a specific offset in the file.
get a double from a byte array
aa with the given alias and name.
Adds a symbol to a unitsystem.
Returns a converter for the given unit fromunit and unit tounit.
Set up a new structuredatamodel with the data from a list of structuredata.
Set the point feature data.
Draws this button using the supplied graphics context and the supplied pixel at the specified location.
Get an iterator on the LV elements.
Reads data from the inputstream.
Read a buffer of bytes from an inputstream.
Set the currentoffset to num_.
Reads len bytes into a byte array starting at the specified offset
Skips the given number of bytes.
Convenient method to add the statistics to a net enpoint file. If the en
Get the index of the coordinate system of the gridrecord.
Return true if the provided file is a random access file.
Tries to open a random access file.
Reads the data from a section of an array.
Returns an array of bytes with the specified number of bytes from this array.
create from dataset with same attributes as the ncd.
Create a new variable if not already present.
Set the map area.
Set the map area.
Set the projection area from the lat lon coordinates.
Set the given projectionimpl to the given projection object.
Add the specified j menu to the current JMenu.
Redraw the string after the specified delay.
Re - frames a rectangle if it s width and height are the same.
Set the selected variable.
Returns the double at the specified offset.
Retrieve a double value from the data at the specified index.
Retrieve an object at a specific index.
Gets thesectorid of the specified ent_id.
Reads a fixed - size double from the buffer at the current byte position.
Returns the first parameter with the given name.
Swap the byte order.
Get the timest timestamp of a file.
Gets the filename.
Gets the filenames.
Get the last separator of the file.
Returns the full path of the file with the given filename.
Adds a chsub to the chsub list.
Converts a referenced date to a timecoordintvvalue.
Read a random word from a file.
Returns the uncompdata of the specified offset of the specified length as a byte array
pcode 12n13n14
The pcode_25 variant.
Check for the header of a random accessfile.
Pcode a block of code with up to 4 dimensions. The number of dimensions must be
Generate code to represent a 128 - bit string.
Gets levels from an array.
Gets the dualPol DualPol DualPol DualPol Dual D
Adds a new variable.
Adds a new parameter to the net process.
Un uncompressed a byte array.
Get a number of bytes from a byte array.
Get a number of bytes from a byte array.
Converts an array of bytes to an array of objects of the specified data type.
Override this method if you want to override the default behavior.
Returns the current request state.
Sends an error response to the server.
Returns true if the point is anchor to the given point.
Stays the line at the specified point.
Returns the date only format of the given string or str_ if the given string is null
This method is used to replace the variables in each dimension with the full rank of the corresponding
Ensures that the given string s size is okay with the given string s size.
Reads a two - byte int from a file.
Reads a random accessfile and returns its int value.
Reads a 3 - byte int from a file.
Reads a 2 - byte integer from a file.
Reads a 3 - byte integer from a file.
Reads a float value from a random accessfile.
Returns a float value from the range [ a b c d ).
Reads a 8 - byte int from a file and returns it as a long.
Count the number of bits in a bitmap
Constructs a copy of this projectionimpl.
Returns a string builder with the name str_ and origin str_.
Escapes a string.
backslashunescape a string.
Returns a list of strings separated by the given separator.
Bean - level method for the fmrinv implementation.
Returns theservices specifed string of the specified path.
Returns the number of projected components in the darray.
Returns the referenc time of this date.
Creates a new arraystructurebb section from the given structure and section.
The main entry point to the index.
Read a grib1record.
Checks if ismine.
Compute the envelope form for the specified data set.
Initialize the areareader with a new areafile.
Is before the given date?
Returns true if this is before the specified datetype.
Returns true if this date is after the given date.
Set the value of the i th entry in the vals array.
Adds a new coordinates system to the for var.
Set the units of the attribute as a string.
Get the units of this variable as a string.
Initialize with the specified readmode and preferences.
Read catalog configuration.
Processes all dataset sets with the specified readmode and sets with the specified idmap.
If exceedlimit has been read from the file system this method will read from the file system
Returns true if the lon is between lonbeg and lonend.
Converts a double to a lattostring string.
Lontostring string.
Compares this object to the specified object to determine if this object is the same as the
Returns the selected dataset for this node.
Set the selected dataset.
Gets the path of the specified treenode.
Opens the invCatalogtreenode.
Set the catalog.
Set the catalog.
Find the alias of a variable.
Write a vint.
Return the number of characters in the specified string.
Copies a range of characters into an array of characters.
Set the debug flags for this element.
Adds a member to this set.
Returns the index of the given member. Returns - 1 if the member was not found.
Return a list of member names.
Returns the member with the given name.
Returns a random array of bytes from the specified access file.
Restore the state of this model to its original state.
Returns an iterator over the selected rows.
get the index of the column in the table
Returns the array corresponding to the given member.
Gets the getscalard &lt ; double&gt ; from a structure.
Returns an array of doubles from the members of the matrix.
Returns the scalar at the current scalar index.
Returns the float array stored in a member m.
Gets a scalar byte.
Returns the byte array corresponding to the given member.
Returns the scalar index of a structure member.
Returns an int array representing the contents of the given member.
Returns the getscalarshort of a structure.
Returns the short array corresponding to the data member.
Returns the long value of a scalar.
Returns an array for the given member.
Gets thecal NotNull character for a structure.
Returns the contents of the given member as an array.
Do a one - off clone of the inv dataset.
Make a copy of a dataset.
Transfers metadata from one dataset node to another.
Gets the threddsm metadata for this dataset. If the threddsm
Adds a record to the grid.
Shows the missing values.
Show the summary summary of the number of non - null fields.
Returns a gridrecord for a given ens time and level.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Returns the shortname of this record.
Used to get the subset by intervals.
Returns true if the two byte arrays are equal ; false otherwise.
Converts a string to a dap dataset.
Remove attributes from the dataset.
Add all the coordinates in the specified partition to this Coordinates object. The specified partition is
Set the gaussian latencies of the text.
Used internally to parse a Timeelector string into a Timeelector object.
Returns a string representation of a variable containing a list of ranges.
Returns true if the specified region contains the specified element.
Closes this session and releases any system resources associated with it.
get the status code of the server
Identify the featuretype of this encoding.
Checks if the provided axist type match the provided dimension and outer dimension.
Set the inputstream.
Reads the next character from the stream.
This method is used to start a task.
Returns the uri of the specified string.
Create a uri expression from a uri and a list of excludes.
Returns null if the specified string is null or empty.
Returns a new string that is the canonical path of the given string. If the given string
Return true if the dataset was modified since the last modified limit.
Copies information from another gribcollection channel to this gribcollection channel.
Returns a sorted list of all file paths in the order they where added.
Set the random accessfile index.
Gets the gribcdm index for the local cache.
Returns the total number of counters in this context.
Add a string attribute.
Add a global attribute with a list of values.
Remove an attribute from the global group.
Rename a global attribute.
Add a string attribute.
Add a new variable attribute with the specified value.
Returns the attribute of a given string or null if the string is not a variable.
Rename a given variable string. If the variable does not exist a new one will be created
Override this method to change the type of the sub - type of a sub - type.
Write the headersandbb to the output file.
Writes the geometries to a gml feature writer.
Returns an XML - formatted string representation of this object.
Writes a collection of documents to the file system.
Return to the initial state. If the state is not initial a dapexception is thrown
Send dxr.
Write error response.
Close the XDR connection and release resources.
Flushes the buffer. If the request mode is dmr the buffer will be closed before
Returns true if the next token in the list contains the specified token.
Gets the element at the specified index.
Shifts the specified range to the specified origin.
Fills in an object from a file using the specified layout and data from the file.
Reads the data from a file.
Returns a subset of this vector.
Set the values of this variable.
Given an array of ints create a new double array with the same number of elements but with
Get the datasetboundaries.
Check to see if the test is valid.
Returns the datasetstructure with the given name.
Return the full path to the specified daprequest file or directory.
Convert a gridvert data structure to a gridvert data structure.
Reads the first header of a random accessfile.
Clean up all resources.
This method is used to transfer metadata from a parent entity to another entity.
Copy metadata from another entity to this entity
Copy metadata from one storage object to another.
Set the list of Threddsm input that contains threddsm input.
Adds a dataset to this set.
Remove the specified data source from this catalog.
Remove and add at the same time.
Adds an invservice to the invservice list.
Remove a service from this invservice.
A set of invservice objects.
Removelocal metadata.
Get the value of the user property for this object.
Validates the string builder by setting the isvalid flag to true.
Returns a list of all the descriptors of this string.
Construct the server path from the http servlet request.
Writes out a simple geometrycsbuilder to the http servlet request.
Get the feature.
check if a request contains an error
Handle the httpServlet request.
get a string from a url
Returns the length of this buffer in bytes.
Get the date the object was last modified
returns a file or string
Convenient method to return a string from a servlet response
Set the content length of the response.
Get the request uri for the current request.
Get the current request path.
Gets the request base for the current request.
Returns the ignorecase of the specified parameter.
Saves the current state of the prefs.
Returns the writed Directory number for the given path.
Attempts to set up a number of bitcounteruncompressed subcounters for the specified row
Count the number of bits of a given bit.
Appends the specified line to the end of the current line.
Returns the documentDirectestationcollectiondocument of the specified names.
Gets the dsgfeaturedocument.
Returns a record of the timecoordintv values for the specified subset params.
Returns the coordinate at the specified index in the group.
Adds an item to the list.
Exception handler method.
step over the range [ firstpos lastpos ).
Gets the ncepgen process.
Returns the current featuretype for the specified endpoint.
Set the value of this variable.
Returns a Grib1gds factory for a given number of grid points.
Copy data from an inputstream to an outputstream.
Reads a string from an inputstream and converts it to a string using the specified encoding
Reads a stobytearray from the specified inputstream.
Writes the contents of a string to an outputstream.
Copy a file in to an outputstream.
Copies a random accessfile into an outputstream.
Copies a string to a directory.
Reads the contents of a file into a byte array.
Reads the contents of a file into a string.
Writes the specified string to the specified file.
Writes the contents of a string to a file.
Writes the contents of an inputstream to a file and closes the inputstream.
Parses the exceptionhandler method of the http servlet response.
The dap2exceptionhandler method.
badurl - sets the str_ if it is not isset.
Get the catalog information.
Prints the catalog for the current server.
Prints the status of this string to the specified print writer.
Prints a bad urlpage to the print writer.
Returns thereferencedate of this date.
Reads all of the int arrays from the specified section of the datastorage file.
Convert a string to a ncml collection.
Convenience method to open a collection reader with a single element.
Returns a string with the specified allow characters replaced by the specified char.
Remove all non - zero bytes from h and return a new string with the number of non
Filter string. Returns x if it is ok. Returns x if it is not ok.
Returns a new string where each character in s is replaced with each character in str_.
Make a validcdm object name from a string.
Returns how many times each character in s1 matches each character in s2.
Pad a string with a given length to the left
Return a string of desired length padded with a given string.
Returns a new string with the same contents of the specified string removed.
Returns a new string with the given character removed if the number of characters is greater than the
removefromend a string at a certain index
Collapses whitespace characters into a new string.
Replaces the out character with the in character if out is less than num_.
Replaces all occurrences of the given character with the given string.
Replaces the pattern in the string with the value if the pattern is present in the string
Substitutes a string with a string.
Substitutes a string with another string.
remove num_ characters from sb to out
Replace all occurrences of the given character in the given string with the given character in the given
Replace each character in sb with the character in in in in in in in.
Utility method to replace all occurrences of a string with a string.
Returns the string with the bad characters removed.
Processe event for collection update.
Check the state of the collection.
Update the collection with the specified force.
Returns a list of invdataset objects that have been read from the file.
Release any resources held by this object.
Make a copy of a structure data structure and members.
Copy to arraybb.
Copies a structure to an arraybb structure.
Converts a structure data to an array structurebb
Make a copy of an array structurebb.
Gets the time interval size in hours of the pds to which the grib2
Adds a range to a coordinate axis.
Create a factory for a table configuration that can be used to create a new table configuration.
Analyze the content of a specific feature type.
Synchronize the internal data structures with the local data structures.
Converts a start index to a set of Gaussian coordinates.
Swaps a long value in a byte array at a specific offset.
Returns a float containing all the bytes in the specified array starting at the specified offset.
Swaps the specified char at the specified offset in the specified array.
Override this method if you want to override the default behavior.
Adds a parameter to the parameter list.
Returns the commonparent of this group and the given group.
Returns true if this group is the same as the specified group.
Set the parent group.
Add a new dimension to this group.
Adds a dimension to this group and returns true if the new dimension is not exists.
Add a group to this group.
Adds an enumerated element to this group.
Adds a new variable to the list.
Returns true if the specified dimension has been removed.
Change the path to a file. If the path is not a file then replace the file
Convert DsAliasfieldstodasAliasfields to DsAliasfieldstodas
Print the das results to the specified print writer.
Return a variable from the current context.
Writes a grid definition to the file.
Replace missing values in an array.
Replace missing values.
Compute the xmax of an array with the given value.
Write the georeferenced array to the file.
Get the xml response for this request.
Get the collection spec parser from the config and write it to a file.
Get the type of a gribcollection writer from a random access file.
returns true if the isgrib1 or isgrib2 is all
update the file partition and the directory partition depending on the config
Open a new Gribcollection from a datafile.
Utility method to create a grib collection from a datafile.
Returns true if the url contains the pattern.
Adds a key value and url to the triple store.
Find a key - value pair in the cache.
This method is used by the DJ to check if the number of tripl here is
Insert a triple into the triple store.
Gets the dataset list.
Returns the data set with the specified name. If no data set with the specified name exists
Set the project to use.
Returns an iterator over the featset.
Make a shape from an iterator.
Compares this string to the specified string.
Start a progressmonitortask.
put str_ with a suffix of fcx_. if not found put a file with
Normalizes the data in the specified list of enscoord objects to the same data
Set the object at the given index to the specified value.
Returns the structure data at the specified index.
Copies the contents of a structure to an indexiterator.
Gets an object representing a scalar at a specific index.
Converts a scalar to a double.
Converts a scalar to an int.
Returns a float at the specified recnum of this structure.
Returns a byte at the specified recnum.
Returns the getscalarshorted version of a short.
Returns the real char at the specified recnum.
Returns the string at the specified index.
Returns the array structure of a given recnum for a given structure members.
Returns the arraysequence of the structure.
Returns the arrayobject at the given recnum.
Returns the minimum and maximum of the given value. If the given value is smaller than the
Return the result of the specified expression.
Returns a string representation of this variable.
Returns true if the given dapnode references this dap.
Returns whether or not a given variable matches this pattern.
Count the number of expansion for a given dap Structure.
This method computes the set of enumerated values for all the variables and adds them to
The computedegroups is a special kind of operation that if you override this method you
Utility function to compile a string.
Return true if the provided file is a random access file.
Makes the abstractactionssystem of this layer.
Returns the byte order of theachn.
Set the byte order of this instruction.
Returns the key for the given name.
Find the dmfile header with the given name.
returns the header values for a given file or null if not found
Prints out all the parts of the image.
Get the data pointer of the specified part.
Returns the degree of the specified word relative to the current position in the file.
Reads a string from the file.
Computes the unpk of a part given an ibitst.
Returns a string containing the bits of a given number.
Writes to a byte channel.
get the type of the base element and if not found add it to the base list.
A grid element has already been parsed.
Parses the element e and writes out a line of code for the element e.
Returns a list of datadesDescriptor objects for the specified keydesc using the specified lookup table
Replicates the list of datades specifed keys into a tree.
Gets the filename of the file.
Gets the time difference between the CFF file and the CFF file.
Returns true if the two float values are equal and the maxabsdiff is less than
Returns true if this node references the specified dapnode.
Parses the specified string and returns the unit object.
Returns true if the variable is istiled.
Makes the runtime of this process the first time and the number of seconds since the last
Converts a latLontoproj rect into an array of projection rects.
Shows the timeseries all at once.
Returns a HashMap with the short and attribute name as the key and the value as the value
Returns the array containing the current values.
Returns the value at the specified index or null if the index is out of bounds.
This method is used to write a iCalendar object to a file. The iCalendar object
Set the value of a string.
Sets the values of an array. If the array is immutable an illegal stateexception is thrown
Scans the state of the str_ and sets the state to num_.
Generate an invcatalogimpl for the proxydshandlers.
Add a message to the queue.
Sets the thredds and dataset to the specified string.
Get the download file and opencoveragedat asynchronously. If the access token is not
Sets the value of str_ to str_ if is macos.
Moves the content of the frame to a new location.
Gets the makename attribute of the given list of coordinate axis objects.
Returns the lesserrank of the two coordinate axis.
Finds the axis with the specified type.
Returns the projectionct for this object or null if this object is not a projectionct.
Returns true if this is a geoxy query.
Returns true if all coordinate axis are empty or non - empty.
Returns true if all elements in the subset are contained in the set.
Checks to see if the list of coordinate axis objects contains any of the coordinate axis s
Does this axis contain the specified axis?
Checks to see if a domain is contained in a list of dimension objects.
Returns true if the current set contains allaxistypes of wantaxist type.
Returns true if the coordinate system contains the specified axist type.
Clones this node and makes it a new dapnode.
Return the currently selected bean or null.
Get the currently selected beans.
Return the table with the object s selected row and column indices.
Set the selected bean.
Restore the view state.
Create a unit.
Closes the stream. If the stream is closed after this method returns the method is called
Returns true if the variable is part of an i - D expression.
Returns true if the specified variable is the same as this variable.
Attempts to find a variable with the specified name and table as a child of the specified
Recursively add datavariables to a table
add the cursor as the parent of the current join
Gives the stnve elevation of the structure. If the structure is missing the
Create a new dapnode and a dapnode list.
Return a factory with the given name. If an exception occurs it will be logged and null
create a new simpleunit instance with a set of exceptions.
Return true if unit string1 is compatible with unit string2.
Return true if this is a dateunit.
Determines if the specified string is a unit of time.
Converts a string to a number.
Convert the given value to the given simpleunit.
Returns true if this is the unknownunit.
Gets the scaled unit of this unit.
Return a new relopc clause.
The child function of this function. If the function does not exist an exception is thrown.
The function is the sub - function of the current function. If the function does not exist
Converts an array of bytes to a gray scale image.
Crawl through all invcatalogimpls to find out how many time it takes to crawl
Decides whether a property should be released or not.
Decide whether or not to release the catalog ref. If it is the current catalog ref
Returns the file cache for the given filelocation. If the filelocation is already
Get the file or cache for the given filelocation. If the filelocation is
Set the debugleaks flag.
Return a list of all strings in the order they appear in the file name.
Closes the cache.
Seeks to the given position.
Flushes the buffer to the file.
Read an int from the file.
Reads a short array from the stream.
Reads a four - byte integer starting from the given position.
Reads a whole integer array into an array.
Read a long array.
Reads a number of bytes from the float array starting at the specified index.
Reads a number of bytes from a double array.
Read string.
Reads a string with a maximum length.
Write a boolean array to the underlying stream.
Write a range of bytes to the file.
Writes a char array to the stream.
Writes an array of ints to the stream.
Writes n elements from pa to start index
Convenience method to write a kernel matrix from a start index to a stop index.
Writes n elements to each element of the matrix starting at the specified index.
Writes a string to the stream.
Writes a number of bytes to the stream.
Search forward to the end of the file.
Appends the query string to the string buffer.
Create a new mcollection for the given featurecollection configuration.
Find index.
Returns true if the partition is considered a leaf partition.
if index is null and forcecollection is non - null returns children. Otherwise returns children.
Scans for children of this file and adds them to the list of children.
Read a list of mfile from an index reader.
Returns a list of gridsethashes and gridsethashes.
Acquire a file cacheable.
Remove a cacheelement from the list.
Inject the object to the disabled state.
Return whether or not a filecacheable object has been released.
Returns a 4 - byte integer.
set an element in the shadowcache if the element is not already in the shadowcache.
Clear the cache.
Converts the griddat level metrics to a level metrics.
Returns true if this is a latallon or false if this is a latallon
Returns whether or not this is a ZAP axist type.
Returns an array with the index of the coordinates of the x - axis and the index of
Returns an array with the index of the coordinates of the x - axis and the index of
Converts a lat lon pair into an array of ints.
Takes in a lat lon pair and returns an array with the index of the coordinates in
Returns - 1 if no more items are in the arrow.
Returns the number of items in the arrow at the specified pixel.
Iterateovermfilecollection method.
Set the cancel flag and get the Remotefiles.
Returns the display name of the specified subcenter.
Converts a string to a calendar period.
Create a new calendar period with the specified value and field.
Construct a calendar period from a string.
Subtracts a given range of time to the current time.
Get the conversion factor for a given calendar period.
Calculates the time when the field is either month or year. If the field is
Returns the offset between the two calendardates.
Syncs the file to the original file. If the file is longer than the original file
Initialize tables.
Adds a daterootext to the treeset.
Return the nearest ancestor of the specified request path. Returns null if the request path is not
Returns the dataroot specified by the specified request path.
Convert a datarootext to a dataroot
Returns the dater variant of the specified calendar. If the specified calendar is the default calendar
Cut a list of coordinates into a new list.
Create a netfactory file writer with the specified version and location.
Add a new group with the specified name to its parent group.
Adds an enum value to a group.
Remove an attribute from a group g.
Rename a group attribute.
Add a record structure to the structure.
Aborts and closes the SPIWriter.
Write a class o to a printwriter
Extract a threddsmolecule from a dataset.
Divide a unit by one.
Return the derivative of this unit with the given amount.
Computes the derivative of this unit by the given amount.
Converts a raw data structure into an array structure. If flatten is true the data is
Converttopvariable to an array.
Converts a dodsv object to an array.
Close all the opendatabases.
Add this object to the opendatabase list.
Converts an integer to a time period.
Ensures that the buffer is at least as large as the given minimum capacity.
Returns the string at the specified index.
Make an inv catalog directory.
Create a proxyds catalog object from the path and base uri.
Gets the datatype of the data set. If the data set contains more than one data
Create a grib2pds instance with the specified template.
Gibt das uebergebene Date zurueck ausge
Applies a factor to a given value.
Convenience method to parselocalIterates a file and adds the conceptname to
The conceptname must not be already in the file.
Replace all str_ with str_ and trim all str_ if str_ is null.
Store a string value in a HashMap.
Write the grib1 tables for the class.
Writes a list of strings to a file.
Shows the local EJBs.
Main entry point for the ecmwflocal look - up command - line tool.
Returns the type of the specified name.
Expands the inv dataset.
The method to call to expand the object. The object must have been generated and the object
Move the namedatasets from the container to the current dataset.
Generate a list of namedatetics for the given dataset.
Converts a dataset into a namedatPrimitive tree.
Load the image at the specified URL with the specified rotation.
Stop loading a url.
Change a status message.
The percentage of the status code of a road segment is passed to the method. The status
Create a Scalethread thread with the specified priority.
Returns the getscaledsize of this dimension.
Get the scaled string.
Returns a list of all the words in this string.
Create the header for a given date.
Chooses a list of string types above and below.
Check the part to see if it is valid for the specified group.
Set the root directory of this string.
str_ + root + str_ + str_ + str_ + str_ + str
Create a file with the same name as the filelocation. If the filelocation
Removes all files with the last modified date before cutoff and adds them to sbuff.
Delete files with maxbytes bytes.
Returns true if the specified short is bufrtable.
Factory method to create a coordinate axis.
Creates a copy of this axis with the shortname the units string the parentgroup and description
Returns true if this is the same as the one given.
Get info about this object.
Return the calendar of the user defined event.
Set the list of rows.
Returns the tablerow at the currently selected row.
Increments the selected row.
Returns the index of the column in the jtable as an array of ints.
Set the selected index of the slider.
Sorts the specified array of strings in ascending order.
Swaps the specified elements of the specified array.
Returns the existing file for the given filename or null if the filename does not exist.
Rotates a line defined by num_ and rot1 and rot2 by s.
Create an xmlstore instance from a file.
Create an xmlstore object from two input streams.
Create an xmlstore instance from a resource.
Return the storename of the given string.
Saves the current state of the object to the prefsfile.
Saves the current exception message to an output stream.
Write a dAPvariable object to a serialwriter object.
The method to write a single instance of a template to a serial writer.
DAP1 - > DAP1 - > DAP2 - > DAP1
Writes a dapsequence to a serialwriter dst.
This is the main writerecord method. This is the entry point for the serialwriter
Return true if a random accessfile is valid.
Returns the w mode of this string.
Read the next n - th record from the datainputstream.
Get the data at the specified index.
Gets the data of a random accessfile using grib2drs. type0
Gets the data from a specific accessfile using a grib2drs type.
Writes a location to a gridlist.
Create a new gridfilesize with the default parameters.
Adds data from the specified location to the current grid list.
A list of stations.
Sets the selected station.
Transform the pickpt point of this geoloc stations to another.
Places a point in world space with another point in world space.
Gets the address of the currently selected item or null if the item is not selected.
Get the name of the column.
Get a list of stations inside a bounding box.
Get a single station from a given name.
Retrieves a dataiterator for a given station.
Retrieves the data iterator of a Station.
Reads data from the specified accessfile.
Returns the dot product of this vector with v.
Returns the Euclidean norm of this vector.
Normalize this vector.
Add services from an iterable to the list of datasetBuilders.
Gets a parameter by its id.
Gets a local parameter.
Add a new prefix name with a double value.
adds a new symbol with a double value
Returns the prefix of the specified string or null if the specified string is not a prefix.
Returns true if the source is an email.
Returns the value of the parameter with the given name.
Calculate the calculated CRC of the file.
Indicates whether or not the number of octets in this response should be written in the
Returns the index of the field with the specified name.
Converts num_ to str_.
Returns the timecoord of the time represented by this time interval.
Set the next polygon in the chain.
Set the previous polygon to the given polygon.
Finds a property by its name.
Set the selected row and clear the selection.
Attempts to extract a subset of timeoffset axis attributes from the given time subset.
Registers the given classname to the system class loader.
Registers an ioservicepro single instance of the class.
Returns whether or not the specified class is currently registered.
Returns true if the class has been registered false otherwise.
Tries to open a random access file and returns true if the file can be opened.
Open an in memory file.
Open an in memory file.
Open in memory.
load the content of a file from memory
Find the attribute with the given name ignoring case.
Convenient method to fetch a ncmlwriter object from a URL.
Writes the cdm to the specified output stream.
Writes the data to a print writer.
Writes a block of text to the current output stream.
Add an attribute to a group. If the group does not have a parent it will be
Adds a string attribute to a group.
Add the specified group as a child of this group. If the group s parent is null
Adds the dimension d to the root group. Returns the added dimension.
Returns true if the specified group has been removed.
Adds a new variable to a given group.
Adds a new variable to this group.
Adds a string variable to a group.
Remove a variable from the specified group. If the group is null then the root group is
Sends a message to the SPI.
Return whether or not a record structure has been added to the current time series.
Finish the rootgroup by removing all internal variables and dimensions.
Reads a single section from the array.
Converts an ioexception to a byte channel.
Read a list of arrays.
Reads a string value from a section of an array.
Returns the qualified name of the given cdm node.
Adds a string representing the name of a group.
Returns true if the mfile should be included.
Exclude a file from being included.
Filter a mfile.
Append a string value to the element. If the element does not have a value attribute an
Checks a string value and throws an attributebadvalue if the value is not
Makes sure that the given string is a valid value for the given type.
Check byte.
Checks whether a string is a short.
Checks if a string is an int
Checks whether the given string is well - formed.
Checks if the given string is a float.
Checks if a string is a double.
Returns the datatype of the specified attribute.
Returns true if the data set is viewable.
Returns true if the given string is a valid boolean string ; false otherwise.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid alphnumstring.
Returns true if the specified constrained set contains a valid alphnumstring.
Returns true if the given path contains more than one path segment false otherwise.
Converts a Unicode codepoint to a hexadecimal string.
Returns the value of a parameter.
Compares two griddefrecord objects
Reads data from the inputstream.
Computes the index of the next token in the inputstream and returns the index of
Remove single quotes from a string.
mark a stackedvariables as being stacked and not as a member of another type.
Writes to the specified location.
Gets the string value from the threddsconfig.
Returns a string representation of this version where indents start at 1 and end at the end
Liefert die Anzahl der Nachricht gegeben.
Validates the builder by setting the isvalid flag to true.
Gets the azimuth of the message.
Gets the elevation of the message.
Gets the lats for each pixel in the image. The lats for each pixel
Gets the lons for each pixel in the image as an array of float values.
Returns an array with all thealt value of each pixel in the neighborhoods of this
Gets the azimuths of this cell.
Get the elevations of the neighborhood in the image.
Selects a structure with the given membernames.
Selects a structure for the given string.
Adds a new member variable to this structure.
Set the member variables to the given list.
Set the parentgroup of this group.
Calculates the elementsize of this set.
Reads a structure data structure from the file at the specified index.
Reads a number of elements from the current position in the structure.
Returns the string with the given data category.
Get the classname of this element.
Add a parameter to the manifest.
Returns a string representation of the header.
Converts a lat longitude point to a projection point.
Returns the version number of the specified string or - 1 if the string is not a valid
Return positive up if the given z axis name and unit are compatible with the given string.
Sets the dataminmax type to hold.
This method is used to render the planview.
Returns true if the specified h5group is a child of the specified h5group.
Get the type for a given string.
Installs the inall columns.
Set the API key and secret for this coinbase builder.
Returns a label for the given string value.
Returns a label for the given justification.
Returns a label with the given text content enabled or disabled.
Create a socket and connect to it. The path format of the socket is based on the
Returns a list of strings with the names of each of the specified strings.
Connect to this engine with the specified host port number properties and logintimeout.
Remove a fluentlogger with the given logger.
Compile a class from source code.
Adds a class and its source code to the compiler.
Reads a graphiclext file.
Get the next frame in the bitmap.
Selects a list of persons property. If the property does not exist a new list
Initialize the list eventener.
Returns the person with the given id.
Add a message for this validator.
Set the person to the specified personid.
Generates a new view model for the given view type.
Initializes the inputstream. The properties of the inputstream are the same as the country
Returns a view step for the given view model type and view model type.
Create a EJB view step for the given viewmodeltype and viewmodeltype.
Clears all entries in the map.
Creates the index events.
Attempts to access the given callable with the specified error message. If the callable is null
Obtains a view - specific view - specific view - specific view - specific view model
Query the style mapping row and return the stylerow if any.
Get the pixel value from the image.
Returns the pixel values of the specified image.
Validate that the channels and bit depth are the same
Create a coveragedatapng image.
Set the tile data of the bitmap to the specified format and quality.
Executes the given raw query which may return multiple results.
Return a cursorresult object that contains the results of an SQL SELECT statement.
Wraps the user - defined query and returns the result. If the user - defined
Run a query on the database.
Convert a cursor to a tresult based on a user - defined query and a table.
Get a featurerow for a given geometry index
This method can be used to register or unregister a cursor or to wait for a result to
Retorna uma tilerow at the x y zoom level
Get the coveraged data for the provided projection
Gets the coveragedata for the specified geop device and tile == null.
Gets the coveragedata for the specified geop JSON and tile field projection from the
Retrieves the results of an overlapping request for a given bounding box.
Determines if the specified tile matrix contains results for the specified tile matrix and the specified zoom
Get the results of a tilematrix that contains more than the specified number of zoom levels.
Get the results of the specified tilematrix for the specified zoom level.
Returns the tile matrix for the specified coveraged data request.
Computes the IP coordinate of a tilerow at a given x and y location
Set the icon for the specified geometry type.
Get the icon for a geometry type.
Get the SQLite bindingsdb.
Converts a byte array to a bitmap.
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Create a new contentvalue and add it to the table.
Delete the given string from the table.
Attempts to get or create the table metadata for a given geopack metadata string.
Returns the id of the specified geop metadata object.
Create a table metadata object from a cursor.
Create a new extensions object.
Get the featurerow of a cursor s row.
Generate a custom cursor based on a raw query.
Query for features within the bounding box in the specified projection
Query for custom cursor features within a given envelope.
Count how many times a point appears in a given envelope.
Perform a custom cursor query using the supplied min and max x and y values to determine which
Builds a where clause for the given values.
Query for features within the bounding box in the specified projection
Count the number of features in the bounding box in the specified projection
Query for features within a given envelope.
Query for features within the range [ minx maxy ) that are within the range [
Returns the number of times the specified rectangle is contained in the specified rectangle.
Set the data of a bitmap to a specific format.
Set the data of a bitmap to the specified format and quality.
Set the config to use when running the application.
Returns the total number of tiles in the feature map at the current zoom level.
Adjust the boundingbox at the current zoom level to match the provided zoom level.
Adjusts the google bounds.
Adjust the boundingswgs84 boundingbox and zoom level for a given zoom level.
Adjust the bounding box in the request webmercator bounds according to the current zoom level
Get the bounding box for the specified zoom level.
Get the tile grid at the specified zoomlevel.
Query for a column row and zoom level
Query for tileiledescending
Gets the zoomlevel of the specified length using tilematrices.
Computes the zoomlevel of the given length along the way.
Get the tile grid for the specified zoomlevel.
Delete the row for the specified column and zoom level
Count the total number of zoom levels for the zoom level
Returns true if this object is one of the pmf files.
Get the pixel value of the first pixel in the image.
Get the pixel values of each rasters in the image.
Validate that the provided directory has the correct data format
Creates a coveragedatatiffimage from the specified tile width and height.
Sets the pixel value of a coveragedatatiff image to the specified pixel value.
Gets or opens the specified object. If the object does not exist yet it is created
Retrieve the current row from the table.
Checks to see if the buffer is invalid.
Query for style mapping rows by base feature id
Delete a geometry with the given id from the style mapping table.
Get a rect with the specified width height boundingbox and boundingbox section from the specified width
Get a rounded rectangle with the specified width height boundingbox and boundingbox section within the specified
Returns a list of strings with all databases which are not present in the given list.
Create a new geopackagedatabase connection and close it.
Returns whether or not the given database is valid.
Returns a validatedatabase instance with the sqlitedatabase and the validate header and the
Convenient method to call the validate and close methods of the class.
Calls the validate header and close methods if they are set.
Check if the sqlitedatabase header is valid and throw an exception if it is.
Return true if the number of bytereader is valid.
Adds the internal database to the list of databases.
Add external databases to the list of databases to be used in the report.
Imports the geopackagestream to a database. If the geopack
Gets the geopack ASN. 1 metadata for the specified database.
Attempts to get the externalatpath of the specified path.
Create a new geometry column with the min and max x and y values and add them to
Populate a new geometry metadata object.
Delete the geometry column with the primary key from the table. Returns the number of rows deleted
Creates or updates a geometry with the given metadata.
Updates the min and max values of a given geometry metadata.
Counts the number of occurrences of the specified geop and bounding box within the specified ge
Create a new geometry metadata object from a cursor.
Updates values in the table.
Draws a string tile.
Get a list of simpleattributesrows for a list of ids
Makes a cursor and checks if the value in the returned cursor is the same as the
Gets a user mapping s object with the specified string. If a user mapping s object
Set the simple attributes tokenized version of the given string. The tokenized version of the
Get the mapping for a given base id
Gets a list of all mappings with the related id of the given extended collision.
Checks if a baseid and relatedid has a mapping
Counts the number of rows returned by a cursor.
Register a cursor with the server.
Read the data of a geopDirPath and create a usercustom table using the data from
Get the geopackagetile tile for the specified bounding box.
Draw the tileresult.
Recompute the tile with the requested width height and bounding box using the projectiontransform to
Removes tileresults from the bounding box projectedrequestboundingbox and tile
Calculates the depth of the image by summing up the depth of the image.
Set the density of the line and polygon
Sets the paint of the line.
Sets the interior paint of the polygon. The interior paint is the same as the
Draw the bitmap at the x y and zoom level.
Draw a bitmap at the x y and zoom level.
Draws a bitmap for a map element at the specified x y zoom level.
Return the number of registered features for a given zoom level and x y zoom level.
Count how many times a bounding box appears in a webmercatorboundingbox.
Takes in a set of features and a set of zoom levels and query a set of
Query results for a feature index on the bounding box.
Draw a bitmap from the x y and zoom level.
Simplifypoints the given points.
Get the paint for the feature style. If no paint exists this method returns the default paint
Attempts to paint the featurestyle interior with the current stroke type. If no stroke
Attempts to paint the featurestyle using the stroke type of polygon. If no stroke type
Get the fill color for the feature style.
Get the feature style with the feature draw type from the feature style.
Get the style from the cache. Create a new style if it doesn t exist yet.
Get the paint for a particular stylerow and feature draw type.
Get the feature type paint for a particular styleid
Adds a bitmap to the bitmap cache for the iconrow.
This method is used to generate a unique identifier for a contentvalues object. It generates a
Create a bitmap for the current layer.
Recycle all the layers.
Get the bitmap at the specified layer. If the bitmap doesn t exist yet it will be
Get the canvas at the specified layer.
Creates a new canvas with the bitmap at the specified layer and adds it to the canvas pool
Get the style mapping dao for the given table and featuretable.
Retrieves the styledao object for this table.
Gets theicondao.
Get the feature table icons for the specified featuretable. If the featuretable does not exist
Get the styles for the specified featuretable.
Get the tablest styles for the featuretable and geometry type
Get the icons for a featuretable.
Get the icon for a featuretable and geometrytype
Get the feature level of the specified featurerow. The feature level is the feature level
Get the icons for a given featuretable and featureid
Get the styles associated with a featurerow.
Get icons for featurerow.
Get the styles for a feature
Get the icons for a feature
Set the featuretable.
Set the tablest manner of the featuretable using the provided styles.
Set the icons for a featuretable.
Set the feature type of the specified featurerow to the specified feature type.
Adds or deletes the specified featuretable and featureid to the feature table. If the
Set the featurerow with the specified styles.
Set the style of a featuretable with the given styles.
Set the style of a featurerow to the specified style.
Set the style of a featurerow to the specified style.
Set the style for a featuretable element with the given featureid.
Set the icons for the featurerow.
Sets the icons for the specified featuretable and featureid.
Set the icon for the featurerow as an iconrow for the featurerow.
Set theicond settings for the featurerow as an iconrow for the featurer
Sets the icon for the specified featuretable and featureid.
Get orinsert a style.
Returns the icon row id of the specified icon. If the icon row does not have a
Insert a style mapping row.
Takes a featuretable and a geometry type and adds it to the tabl{} mapping
Delete the icon mapping for the specified featuretable and geometry type from the featuretable.
Takes a feature map and deletes it if it exists.
Takes a featuretable and a geometrytype and prints it if it exists.
Add a new feature id and geometry type to a style mapping file. If the mapping file
Get all tabl file style ids for the featuretable
Get all icon ids for the featuretable
Get all style ids for the featuretable
Get the list of icon ids for the featuretable
Get the image bytes.
Flushes the image data to the outputstream.
Get the pixel at the specified location
Reads the pixels from the image.
Draw the feature.
Draw a path on the canvas.
Draw a path on the canvas.
Add the linestring to the path.
Add a polygon to the path
Get the featurecache for the specified string. Create it if it doesn t exist yet.
Remove the specified featurerow from this table.
Clears all caches with the specified maximum size.
Get the cached tablest value styles.
Get the icons for the table.
The method used to get the name and connection of a feature block and create a usercustom
Set the width of the line
Set the height of the stereo pair.
Get the derived width and height of this bitmap.
Returns the tiledensity of the specified tile.
Reads a blob value from the table.
Read a customtable file from a geopAlreadyConnection
Returns the default color for this object if no color is defined.
Validate the color pattern.
Create a color with the given hex color and opacity.
Gets the manager.
Set the progress for the geopInProgress method
Returns the index of the specified list of featureindext types. If force is true the
Index a row for a list of featureindext types.
Delete all of the types from the specified collection.
Delete a list of featureindext types.
Deletes all of the feature indext types on the given geomid from the list of
Delete a feature index on a geometry.
Returns true if any of the fields in the indexqueryorder are indexed.
Get a list of featureindexttypes indexed by location query order.
Query for all featureindex results.
Counts the features.
Get the bounding box of the feature table.
Query for features within the bounding box and projection
Get the visited type.
Gets the file with the given filename.
Gets internal filename.
Gets the geometry type.
Set the geometry type of the entry
Checks if the URL contains a bounding box.
Replaces x y and z in the url string
Returns true if the url has num_ equal to num_.
Replaces the bounding box in the URL with the provided bounding box in the provided projection.
Replace the boundingingbox in the url string with the min and max values.
Returns the geometry of the table. If no geometry is defined null is returned.
If possibleupdate is true index the featurerow row and add it to the geop
Updates the date and time at the same time.
Attempts to delete a table from the feature table. Returns true if it was deleted false
Delete the feature index for the given geomid.
Returns true if the lastchange is equal to or greater than the previous lastchange date.
Query for features from the current database.
Query for features within the bounding box
Count the number of features in the bounding box
Retrieves a cursor of features in the specified envelope.
Count the number of records in a given envelope
Query for features within the bounding box in the specified projection
Count the number of features in the bounding box in the specified projection
Get the bounding box of the feature bounding box in the provided projection
Get the metadata for a cursor s geometry.
Get the featurerow from the cursor location.
Get a featurerow for a given geometry metadata.
Get the tiledaos for the featuretable
Get a list of feature tables for a given string.
Get the bounding box for the feature feature feature and expand it to the bounding box in the
Query by baseid and relatedid where baseid = baseid and relatedid = related
Returns a list of uniquebase ids for this column
Returns a list of unique ids for this column.
Delete a base id.
Delete a given relatedid from the user mapping table.
Deletes a baseid relatedid from a build where both baseid and relatedid are
Makes a SQL query to find rows that have a base id and related id.
Create a new geopack entry in the table.
Delete the specified database.
Rename a string.
Rename the column with the given string.
Retrieves a list of all geopack entry metadata.
Get the metadata for the specified database.
Returns the metadata for the given id.
Get or create the metadata for the specified geopack optionally creating one if it does not
Returns true if this database is available as a geopack regardless of its external path.
Retrieves a single external at path.
Returns a list of strings with the metadata rows for the given string like and sort column boolean
Gets metadata taggerenamenot like.
Returns a list of strings with the names of the column having the string like or like
Create a geopack metadata object from a cursor.
Called when a view is created.
If the view is a viewgroup this method adds a par par par par par par par
creates a view with the given name and attributeset.
Create custom view internal.
Append an event to the cyclic buffer.
Attempts to find the configuration file from system properties.
Get the resource URL.
Automatically config the app.
get the statusonresources.
Add to the socketAddress at the end of the string.
Creates a new executor service.
Starts the head of the queue.
Appends the specified element to the end of the list.
Adds a substitution property.
Gets a property.
Generate a converter for the given node.
Return the token as a node.
Generate a regex for a date.
Adds a new definition to the current context with the specified name and attributes.
Signals that the specified string is not in error state. If the specified string is in
initialisation - initialisation - initialisation - must be done before calling this method.
Create an instance of a contextselector.
Set the logger context.
Returns the externalstoraged directory path.
Returns the databased directory path of this string.
Gets the absolute path of a file.
Evaluates a logging event and returns true if the event was evaluated successfully.
Get the physical discriminate value for an event.
Update the mask if necessary.
Convenience method to return the first filter reply that matches the specified event.
Create a keymanager and add it to the context.
Create a new trustmanager and return it.
Create a keystore factorybean object from system properties.
Return the location of the specified system property.
Returns the URL of a resource.
chainhandlesth level event chainhandlesth level event.
Stops the current context.
Prints the Incaseofer work work to the console. Useful for debugging.
Print if errors Locations are enabled. If errors Locations are enabled they are enabled.
Print with a given threshold.
Get fromeithermap.
Remove an end - of - contents entry from the internal data structures.
Return the value of the specified string as a string.
Rename a string to a target file. If the source file does not exist it will be
Return whether or not a file should be copied to a target file.
Gets the value of an environment variable.
Returns the system property value for the given key. Returns null if the key does not exist
Set the MDC property map.
Returns a string representation of the MDC property map.
Extract the stack trace of a class from the stack trace.
Checks if isin frameworkspacelist.
Add a status to the list.
Add a listener to the list.
Returns a list of actions that are applicable to the specified elementpath and attributes.
Returns a list of actions applicable to the given element path and attributes.
Set the classloader for this class.
Returns the string value for the specified key. If the key does not exist the default value
Decapitalizes a string.
Returns an array of method descriptor for this class.
Returns an array of property descriptor objects for this class.
Start the status bar.
Adds a on consolest status listener to the context manager and starts the listener.
End the definer. If the definer is in error it will add info to the
Get the event logger context to use for the i logging event. If the event is not
Returns true if the event is Discardable by the log level info_int.
Begin a shutdown hook.
Override this method to create a new thread with the specified name.
Checks if the input is enabled and if not the input is set to the provided default
Get the enabledciphersuites array or the default if no enabledciphers
Returns an array of strings with the specified included strings and the excluded strings.
Gets the scope corresponding to the given string.
Utility method to set properties on a context.
Add a new appender to the appender list.
Detaches the specified appender from the appenders list.
Removes the appender with the specified name from the appender list.
Handles a parent level change.
Appends the loopon appenders of the specified event to this logger.
Detaches the specified appender from this container.
Create a child logger.
Liefert die Methode une Methode. Diese Meth
This method logs a SLF4J event.
Calls the method and returns the socket.
Creates the missing parentdirectories of the given file.
Converts to integer.
Converts int to level.
Set the resource occurrencecount for the given classloader.
Tries to get a resource from the given classloader. Returns null if the resource could not
Returns the classloader of the class of the specified object.
Get the classloader of the specified class.
Gets the classloader of the class.
Start the encoder.
Returns the tag of the event.
Adds attributes to the current context.
Gets the separator index of a dot or dot index of a dot index of a dot
Evaluates the i logging event and returns true if the event matches the marker list.
Returns the client threadname for the given socket.
Returns true if the two files are on the same name.
Append an eventobject to the buffer.
Send the buffer.
Adds the specified mdcval Conversion error level to the error level map.
Create a dynamic converter for this input.
Wraps the specified composit data set with a compositverter.
Determinecompression mode.
Convenient method to call the informcontextofurl usedFor configuration for the specified URL
Convenient method to configure a file.
Set the configuration for the given inputstream.
Build the occurances.
Configure the system for the given inputsource.
Do the configuration.
Gets property.
Set the name of this product.
Get the statuslistener for this context.
Get the time of the last reset.
Start the parse.
Method to get the effectiveconvertermap.
Returns the header of the file.
Returns the contents of the file as a string.
Advances to the beginning of an actionexception.
End a process. If the appender is not already in error it will be passed through.
Returns a copy of the current collection of clients.
Adds a client to the set of clients.
Remove a client from the set of clients.
get copy - of - thread local map
Returns the value of the sting_class_parameter of the given type or null if
Gets theturBO filteraindec logging.
Return true if the current operating system is android.
autoconfig the context.
Returns an array of files in the specified directory that match the specified stem regex. If the
Retrospectiveprint of all status objects.
Get the path to the database file.
Convenient method to perform cleare sychronously logs.
Check to see if the current timediff has expired.
Appends the specified event row to the logging statement at the specified insert statement.
secondary subappend method for event.
Binds an event to the logging statement.
Returns the specified object as a string. Returns null if the specified object is null.
Returns the computereference mask for an i logging event.
Mergepropertymaps for i logging event.
Insert an exception into the table.
Gets the prefix matchlength of the given elementpath.
Returns the effective level of this set.
Returns true if the class is aApiExceptionquivocallyInstantiable interface.
Override this method if you want to override a child value.
Overrides the processinclude method to open a URL.
Open the specified URL and return the inputstream. Returns null if the URL could not be
Trim the headandandand tail order.
Returns whether this server should start.
Determines if the status code of this exception is an istransient status. If
Defaulthosts this string with num_ as fallback to a hosts array.
Ensures that the local index has been created. If it doesn t exist a new local
Synchronizes the underlying state of the build to the localbuild executor.
Performs a sync if the last sync date is older than the specified delaybetwe
Wait for the specified task for the specified time.
algoliaexception to list all the hasofflinedata files.
Converts a stream of bytes to a string array.
Convert an inputstream to a byte array
Attempts to consumequietly the data from the httpurl connection and close the connection
Returns a list of the host strings in the order they appear in the hosts list. If
Set the key type to the specified type.
Starts the async query.
Adds a value to the widget cache.
Get a value from the LRU cache.
Waits for all threads to finish.
Report the exception and create a new file with the name of the exception and the stack trace
Copies all files from the given source directory to the given target directory. If the
This method initialises the computation properties.
Returns the value of a static field.
Returns the first method of the given class whose name matches the given method name.
Converts the given value to a percentage of the given base value and appends it to the
Returns a string representation of a number with the specified format and number formatting applied.
Returns a string of the specified length with the format prefix of str_ with the specified number
Write a JSON string.
Write a number as a JSON string.
Writes a double to the current context.
Reads a string of JSON characters.
read a JSON string and return the value of that string as a long.
Reads a jsond single - valued string.
Read a JSON string and convert it to a bytestring.
Return the result of a method call.
call back to tmessagetype
Adds a method call to the pending call queue.
Gets resource fromfspath.
Updates theecoration of the current workbench.
Refreshes the view of the i workbench window.
Returns the resourcehistoryview.
Creates a new openeditor window with the specified contents and a default editor with the specified name
This method is used to report success or failure to the user.
Displays a prompt message to the user to continue the authentication process.
Create the griddata control.
Start the server thread.
Set if is keepallalive.
Sets the isomit attribute value.
Set the name of the owner of this element.
Add a condition factor to the set of condition factors.
Create a condition term from a stream tokenizer.
Returns true if this pattern matches the specified condition term.
Returns the content of a dsl configuration file.
Loads a configuration file.
Reads the configuration from the given input stream.
Create a new menu for the specified control.
Adds a response element to the response body.
Add a href attribute.
Insert a new href before the element.
Remove the href attribute of the element.
Add propstat to the tree.
Retrieves the href attribute of the element.
get the status of the element.
Return the current stack frame of the current thread or null if this thread is not running.
Returns true if the class1 and class2 are equal. If either of the classes is
Checks if a given string contains a proposal.
Reset the file inputstream to its initial state.
Create theactions.
Adds a connection to this connection group.
Returns the value of a given property.
Removes a connection from this connection group.
Sets the location of the location property to the specified point.
Set a property value to a given value.
Set the size of the gauge. This is a bound property.
Returns a string representation of the given constraints.
Adds a lockentry to the tree.
Adds a vertex as a child of this vertex. Fires a propertychange event.
Remove a vertex as a child of this vertex. Fires a propertychange event.
This method is called when the bundle is starting up. It checks whether or not the context
Stops the resource bundle and cleans up all resources associated with it.
Returns the string with the given key from the plugin s resource bundle or the key if no
Returns the resourcebundle.
Returns the current rule builderform optionally creating a new one if it hasn t been created yet
Set the date time patterns to use for a given date.
Sets the date using the given pattern.
Creates a status with an error message and a throwable.
Logs an error with the specified message and throwable.
adds a field to the field editor
The number of columns is the number of fields in the grid layout. The number of fields
Apply the font to all the fields
Returns the number of columns.
This method initialises all the fields.
Fires a propertychangeevent on all registered listeners.
Set the active editor part.
Sets up a new itoolbar and adds a separator to it.
Determines the dialect of the given string.
Constructs a new icontext using the specified locator. The locator is used as the context
Save the current file to the provided location using the provided monitor.
createtabl listeners.
Adds an object to the cache.
Adds the given object to the cache.
Adds a new token to the end of the token list.
Adds a child node to this node.
Set the file offset and length.
Add a condition.
Add a condition term with a statetoken value.
Returns true if the given condition matches this condition.
Returns the property of the element.
Returns the status of the element.
Sets the property of the Element as a child of the Element as a child of the Element
Get the last line of the specified string.
get the last nondash line of the given backtext.
Binds a string with a given id with a given binding.
Bind two strings.
Binds a string with a set of bindings.
Creates a new process.
This method creates the processs sampleUnit and adds it to the current runtime page.
Returns the runtimeid of the CPE CPE 2. 0 CPE 2. 0
Visits a rete node.
Visits all the nodes of an object to the objecthashmap.
Generate a dotid for an object.
Adds the element to the remove list.
Adds a set of properties to this node.
Obtains a new locator instance for the specified resource URL and label.
This method returns a presentationre definition for a source type.
Returns true if the given status object is the same as this status.
Returns true if this set contains the specified condition term.
Create a condition factor from a stream tokenizer.
addpage the text editor input and return the newly created created created created created created created created
Do a http delete request
Convert the request string to a jsonobject and send it to the client.
Returns the job status.
Called by iprogressmonitor to monitor the current status of the i progress monitor.
Checks to see if the results map contains results. If so show the results.
Set the value at the given index of the array.
Create an activelock with a root element and a child element that has a boolean value
Remove all properties with the same display string. If the prefix is null and the number of
Readbackwards a document to a document offset.
Returns a rowlist with num_ > root where root is the base vertex and root is
Get the editpart for the given modelelement.
Get the imagedesDescriptor for the plugin for the given path.
Generates a imagedes entry for a missingimaged image.
Adds a vertex at a specified level.
Returns the row index of a given vertex.
Get the total width of all rows.
Dumps the content of this matrix to stdout.
Optimize the query by removing all elements from the result set.
Initializes the graphical zoom manager for the root editpart.
Draws a new graph.
Returns the definition of the breakpoint with the given source or null if the breakpoint does not exist
Set the href child of this node.
Return true if the DAV cannot be found.
Copy an iLocator to a destination with a specified depth.
This method is used to get the examinemultist the davexception from the
Extracts the propstats information from the multist input.
get the content of the element
Get the value of the lock.
get a property of the specified name from the hashtable. If the property does not exist
Get the result of a head request
lock a specific lock token
Move an element to another location.
Liefert die Verzeichen einer Stablelocator als
refreshlock a specific lock token
Remove properties from a collection.
Remove a property.
set the content of the response
Set a collection of properties
Set a property of an element
Release the lock token
Update the specified version of the DAV document.
call versioncontrol on the server
Use this API to delete davexception.
Throws an exception with the given message code.
Return true if the property has a child property of the same name.
Writes the body to the specified outputstream.
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Converts an array of ints to a hexadecimal string.
Set the isallprop property.
Sets the ispropname attribute of the DOM tree rooted at this node.
Set the property of this node.
Returns the specified string with the last word removed.
Updates the internal state of the tree.
Write the content to the outputstream.
stepover a template
Adds all parser errors to the supplied list of markers.
Skip whitespace characters.
Adds a resourcetoguvnor to a specified location.
The method to commit file changes to the server.
Returns the age as an integer. Returns - num_ if the age is out of bounds
Returns the length of the content.
Returns the maximum number of bits in an integer. Returns - 1 if the value is not
Returns whether or not the given overwrite string is equal to the current overwrite string.
Returns whether or not the current value is in the equalsignorecase mode.
Returns the time in seconds between 0 and num_.
Adds a string value to the context. If the value is null or empty the context
Set the value of the timeout to the given value.
Returns a buffered reader for the specified opendslfile.
Read the content of a file and parse its sub - classes.
Extracts metadata from a string.
Strip obj metadata from a string.
Add the tokens in the string array to the thenode.
Returns the condition children of the given string.
Returns the children of the specified string.
Adds a prefix to the string list if the number of children of the node is greater
Prints the contents of the tree.
Recursively prints a single node.
Print the specified number of tab - values to the system.
Read jsonvalue from string.
Returns the imagedesDescriptor for the given id. If the id does not exist the
invoke the originserver.
Set the value of the given request header field to the given value.
Makes a project file with the designated version of str_. The designated version
Create a projectfile if it doesn t already exist.
Create the projectfile.
Create a project file with the project definition and the runtime version.
Return a list of all the i installableunit s that are selected by this i
Create the image.
Returns the fieldname of this constraint or null if no such constraint exists.
Returns the current evaluator.
Returns the string representation of this constraint.
Add a resource properties.
Do not use. The baseline is a copy of the internal copy of the internal copy.
bind a string member to the source object. The type of the member must be bool_
get member of this member
Optimize the graph.
Initialize the resource group and the dialog.
Validate page.
Generates an entity tag for the current thread.
Returns the overridden version of a vertex.
Validate the otps
Check if the map is right for the given username and publicid.
Return the username of the given publicid from the given file.
Add the yubikey to the user.
Verifies that the otp token matches the expected output.
Clear the password.
Get publicid of a string.
Returns true if the specified string is a validotp format.
Create a new evaluation object from the given source object.
Create a new evaluation object.
Clears all cached methods cache.
Checks to see if this is the JDK version.
Get the package name of an object.
Get the package name of a class.
Returns a string representation of an object s class.
Returns the class of the argument.
Returns true if all of the classes in the second array is more specific to each of the
Returns the value of a property of a target object or null if not found.
Returns the property descriptor for the specified class.
Returns the property descriptor of the specified class.
Returns the read method of the given name on the given target class.
Reads a single character from the stream.
Generate a new project.
Select all nodes.
Returns the long value of the specified object.
Converts an object to a double. If the object is null returns num_. If
Returns the value of the given number as a big integer.
numberformatexception to numberformatexception
Returns the string value of the given object. If the object is null the method returns the
Returns thenumerict type of the specified object.
Converts the given object value to the given boolean type.
Returns the integer value of the given object.
Returns the numerict type of the specified field. If the field canbenon
Returns the numerict type of the two fields.
Create a number of the given type from the given long value.
Returns the current evaluation or null if no current evaluation has been set.
Generate the method body for the given ctclass and ctmethod object.
Generates a code chunk representing a Report API call.
Makes a new flattentree of the children of this node.
Initializes the chain with a new result source and operation.
Returns the escape character of the current str_ and str_. If the current str_
Set the root object in the map.
Generate an object rooted at the object rooted at the given context object. The expression
Set a value in an object accessor.
Sets the value of an object tree under the given root object.
Returns true if the expression is a constant expression.
Get the defaultwatchserviceid for the current operating system.
Reload the resources.
Returns the archiver with the specified name.
Check if the archiver has at least one resource to process
Reads the contents of a file into a string.
Create the project.
Adds a system property.
Adds a system property to the environment.
Get the list of files in a directory and create a new fileobserver for it.
Used to refresh the options menu when the button is pressed.
Create a fileobserver for the given path.
Get the selected folder.
Creates the folder.
Returns true if the given file is a valid file.
Start a background job.
Start a list.
End a list
Perform motion based on edge location and dx and dy.
Get the mcroprect as a rect.
Computes the rect of a rectangle.
Registers the Rtedittext listener with the specified media factory.
Adds a span to the current span.
This method is used to override the getview method to provide a custom view which can be
Returns the view at the specified position.
Converts the spanned text to a html string.
This method is called within a spanned object.
Returns a new instance of a file with the given filename as the given target folder with the
Determine the original file name for a given URI.
Returns the namespace of the given name or str_ if attribute is true.
Returns the local name of the given string.
Set the value of an attribute.
Sets the value of an attribute.
Gets the font name of the specified file.
Get the font name for a given font path.
neednew buffer.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Write a byte to the buffer.
Write the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream and return the number of bytes written
Writes all data from the buffer to the outputstream.
Returns a copy of this buffer as a byte array.
Set the font size of the font
Remove windows separator from path and replace with unix separator.
Recomputes the highlight and edge for the specified motion event.
Make sure that the highlightview is visible.
Copies the highlightview into the mdraw.
Set the publicid and systemid to the same values.
Validate the given string against this set of regular expressions.
Generate an element type.
Set the value of an attribute of an element.
Set the element s parent.
Obtains the element type of the element with the given name.
Gets the entity for the given name.
Removes the selected effects from the given Rtedittext editor with the specified options.
Gets the selected value and sets it to the specified value.
Returns true if the given domain string is a valid domain string.
Called when an operation is executed.
Red least one operation canMerge an editor into the current context
Replace all occurrences of the search string with the replace string.
Get orcreatethread status for a thread.
Set the options associated with a thread.
Returns true if a thread can Decoding.
Decodes the specified file descriptor and returns the bitmap if it was Decodefiledes
Returns a sorted set of all the strings in the system
Get the asset index for the current context.
Gets a map of all the font files in the system.
Set up the elements and attributes.
get a reader for an inputstream.
Returns an inputstream with the specified basis and system id.
Adup a new element with an optional attribute to the element.
Expands entities from the source string.
Look up a single entity in the given buffer.
Restart the current context with the given element. If the element is null or empty the current
Pop the current element off the stack.
Pops the current element off the stack and restarts it if the flags &lt ;
Returns the prefix of the given string.
foreign boolean.
Trim single quotes from the end of a string.
Splits a string into an array of strings.
Deal with all elements until the current element has a parent element. If the current element
Called when the grid is save to the output bundle.
Clean up resources associated with this event bus.
Subscribe an event to the main thread.
Subscribe for the current thread.
Gets the matrix that will be used to rotate the bitmap.
Returns the maximum distance from the current width to the maximum height.
Returns true if the selected word exists in the given editor false otherwise.
Remove spans from a particular paragraph.
Picks a directory from the current activity and tries to find a matching activity.
Rotate a bitmap with a specific degree.
Set the output stream.
Writes a single character to the output.
Writes a string to the output.
Returns true if the attribute with the given name matches the given value.
Writes a string to the output without escaping.
Writes the definition of the element to the output stream. The definition of the element is
Write the element or attribute name.
Create a retry for a given stream if not exists.
Wait for the specified stream to become active.
Generate a snapshot with missing transactions.
Waittheminimal duration toexecutethenextingrequest boolean.
Retrieve all records for the specified stream.
Perform an action with retry limit and durationinm messages.
Attempts to perform an action with a duration of random time.
Used to check if bucket is accessible.
Loads a snapshot of the current entitystores.
trigger the expander.
Replaces a pattern with a new string.
Delete any of the specified characters from the specified string.
Add a resourcelint report.
Update properties with configuration.
Returns the configuration properties.
Create an inputstream from the wrofile. If the wrofile is not null
create a map with the key as the key and the resourcepostprocessor as the value.
Compile a string content.
reloadcachewithnewvalue.
Reload the model with a new value.
Gets the wrapped servlet request.
Transforms a string with a suffix to a file name.
Displays a message at sc.
Use external resourcelocator to send redirect to the specified location.
Process a resource.
Returns a function that applies the given collection of files to the given group and resource.
Locates the specified inputstream.
Create the wroconfiguration.
Registers a propertychange event for the cache update.
Handles the http servlet request and sets the response headers.
Set the configuration.
Convert a collection of groups to a set of groups.
Merges a wromUnavailable model into this model.
Locates the specified inputstream.
Tries to apply the specified processors to the specified string content. If the processors are not
Decorates aordecorator and injects it into the callback registry.
Do the actual processing of a request.
Splits an option string into an array of strings.
Load properties from inputstream.
Parses the properties string.
Create a custom manager factory.
Use this method to persist a list of resource fingerprints.
Returns true if the group is the target group false if the group is not the target group
Extend plugin classpath.
get model resource asstream.
Initialize the factory.
Set the list of modeltransformers.
Override this method to compile a string.
Processes a list of resources and tries to merge them.
Process a list of resources and merge them with the specified criteria.
Runs the specified list of resources and returns the result that satisfies the specified processing criteria.
Process the content of the resource and apply the specified processors to the current string.
Decorates a resourcepreprocessor.
Saves the current state of the file to a file.
Returns all fields of the given object.
Rewrite a css uri to an image url.
Computes theocation of an image from a CSS uri and an image url.
Add a model transformer.
serve processedbundle.
Initialize the aggregated folder path.
Extract variables from a string body.
Helper method to parse CSS strings.
Replace variables.
Creates a topreprocessor from a resourcepostprocessor.
Determines if the specified searchedtype is eligible for Verify.
Tell the client how to zip the content of the response.
Create a path pattern processordecorator that matches files with the specified boolean values.
Create a path pattern processordecorator that matches patterns.
Create a new resource changehandler.
This method is used to remember a resource in the rememberedset.
Apply a function to a CSS import.
Returns a new list that contains only non - null items from the specified collection.
Returns true if the request contains a minimize parameter false otherwise.
find imported resources.
Computes the full path to the importurl.
Create a string representation of the given strings.
Returns a list of strings from a given string.
Creates a new scriptableobject and sets its optimization level.
Reads the contents of the specified reader and returns the contents of the read object. The
Evaluates the script against the current context object and returns the result object.
Processes the expression.
Checks if the request is a handler for the path api.
create handler requestpath for cache key
Renames a string.
Computes the destination folder for the given resourcetype. If the folder does
Process a group.
Check if the specified uri is required for the specified group.
Locates the specified string in the specified inputstream.
Creates a new genericobjectpool and initializes it with the specified object factory.
Override the locatestream method to use the inputstream from a jar file.
Open a jar file.
Extracts the querypath from the given URI.
Returns whether the groupex endpoint isminimized or not.
Adds locators to the factory.
Decorates a model with a list of model transformers. If the model transformer is
Adds a require string.
Processes the given content and returns an empty string if the content is an empty string.
Logs the summary of errors.
Process a resource and increment the total resources count.
Returns a readwritelock for the given key. If no lock for the key exists
Create a process and start it.
Parses a string representation of properties into a list of properties.
Returns an array of taskinfo objects.
Computes thecompilation command for the specified string.
Parses the given header and adds it to the map.
Add the Cache - Control header to the map.
Gets the pathinfo from the location string.
Gets servletpath from location.
Returns true if the path matches the url pattern.
Load a property file with a key.
Copy the contents of the specified reader to the specified writer. The reader and writer will be
Creates a random file with the specified extension.
Removes null and empty string from an image url.
Set the value of an attribute of an object.
Converts an inputstream to a string and writes it to the outputstream.
Generates anatauri.
Sets the given wroconfiguration into the given context object.
Declarative Services method for removing the current context.
Check if the specified cache key is changed. If not the callback is called.
Called when an exception occurs.
Check whether a resource is changed.
Updatehash for group.
Return true if the current resource has the specified resourcetype.
Create a process from sourcefile to destfile.
Parse a group.
Create a new group.
Tries to find a resource element in the collection of resources.
Get all resources for a group.
Stops a named timer.
Returns a named thread with the specified name and time zone for the current thread.
Returns the specified timer or creates a new one if no such timer exists.
Prints the statistics of the jobssubmitted and jobssubmitted numbers.
Wakeup the worker if it hasn t been stopped already.
This method is called when the snapshot finished its execution.
Updates the number of finished finds and sets the number of finished finds and sets the number
Checks to see if the current thread is older than the specified value. If it is
Make a default producer for the given rule with the given contextpremises and classin
Auxiliary method for instertintotaxonomy.
Makes sure that the current state of the string loading is complete. If the string loading
Restores the contextinitialization of thealtaxonomy file.
Returns whether or not this instance is in consistent with the current state.
Resets the taxonomy after an elkexception has been received.
Restore the instancetaxonomy.
Gets the evidence of the current ontology in the specified ontology.
This method is used to pre execute the workerno algorithm.
Invalidates all abstract reasoner stages in this abstract reasoner. The abstract reasoner
Gets the collection of indexedind ByteBuffer objects to add to.
Gets the indexedind individuals associated with this post.
unsupported operationexception.
Remove the element at the specified position.
Remove a pair of elements at a given position.
Finds the index of the last element of an array where del is the number of elements
Returns true if the given object is present in the array false otherwise.
Adds an element to an array. Returns true if the element was added.
Throws an elkun expected runtime exception.
Add the specified classconclusion timer to this time period.
Adds a new timer to the ruleapplication timer.
Put a key - value pair into the array.
Returns null if the key is not present.
Enlarges the keys and values arrays.
Reduces the size of the keys and values arrays.
Saves the configuration to a file.
Writes all classes in the specified taxonomy to the specified output writer.
Gets all the subnodes of the specified node.
Removes all entries from this set.
Returns a hash of the given numbers.
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream.
Returns a new delegating the specified in - memoryMonitor with the specified additionalmonitors.
Method that processtaxomy.
Submit an input to the thread and return true if the thread is interrupted.
Append an elkobject to the appendable.
Returns the query state or null if the query class is not computed.
Adds a new typ node to this directory.
Checks if the fullchain match a property expression.
Creates a set that contains all the elements of the input set.
Adds a single element to the set.
Removes the specified object from the set.
Add the classconclusion counter to the current count.
Log memory usage.
Set configuration options.
Shuts down the thread and logs it.
Returns the printheader.
Adds values to this object and logs it.
Returns a new string of length n with the specified character at the end of the string.
Adds the specified counter to the current rule.
Writes the object as a resource unless the object is a resource.
Returns the actioninputparameter with the given name.
Returns the property descriptor for the specified property path.
Returns a map with all required parameters for this request.
Returns true if the class is a issinglevalu type ; false otherwise.
Adds the specified rel parameter.
Set link type.
Adds the specified href lang to the link.
Adds a revision to the link.
Adds a link parameter to the link.
Adds additional arguments to the partialuritem.
jsonignore. Returns a list of rels.
Get the list of revs that are linked to the current revision.
Returns true if all required parameters are present in the action descriptor false otherwise.
Converts the value to a string. If the value is null returns null.
Returns true if property is hidden.
Returns true if property in readonly hidden or include set to property
Returns true if we have a hase setiton at least one hase setit
Returns true if the request is required.
Returns the default value of the request.
Returns the parameter name associated with this request parameter or null if the parameter does not exist.
Retrieves the expose property or paramname of an actioninputparameter.
Get the mixin string for the given mixinsource object and mixin class. If the mixin
Returns the query of this string. The query is a copy of the original string with the
Appends a form to the current request.
Create an input button with a given type and value.
append an actioninputparameter to an inputorselect if possiblevalues is arrayorcollection.
Adds the specified affordance builder to the current affordance builder.
Returns a view of this view as a list of partialuritem components.
Removes all required components from a list of action descriptors.
Get the first node with the given name.
Get the first - by - relations to this node.
Returns an iterator over the nodes in this tree.
Obtain a hashmap containing the same keys as the given iterable.
This method will take a collection of mappings and return a map with the mappings as keys and
Returns an empty value with the specified comparator.
Returns an im sorted set containing all of the elements in this set.
Returns the last key in the map.
Folds all of the operations in the source iterable to a single object.
Returns a copy of this string with the results of applying the supplied predicate to each element of
Implements the same logic as the Fineineineineineineineineineine
Returns a tuple with the given key - value pairs.
Applies the match operation to each element of the list.
Register an array of classes.
Gets the element at the specified index.
Appends the element to the end of the vector.
Returns a new persistent vector that contains all the items of the given iterable.
Returns an empty mutableset or an empty set if no elements are present.
Makes an mutable vector out of an existing vector.
Returns an imset containing the specified elements.
Makes a vector out of a number of elements. If the number of elements is out
Converts an array to a list.
Returns a string builder with indents of a given number of spaces.
Convert an array of strings to a string.
Returns a lazyref instance for the given producer function.
Applyex t.
Insert into an array at a specific index.
Copy the contents of an array to a new array.
Suspend if isoaciated with a thread.
Set or clear the status of the async operation in the current thread.
Build a list of components for a given deploymentexception.
Validates that the given file is a directory and can be read.
Create a ctclass that extends the specified ctclass.
Copies all declared exceptions from the given source ctclass to the given destination ctclass
Copy the methods from ctclass array to destination ctclass array with exceptions.
Removebbentity with current classloader.
Determines whether or not the specified param is set to be enabled.
Get the referencedra entitylinkswhichnot exists.
Use this method to install a Service.
Uninstall a service.
Indicates whether or not the given string is araentitylinknamereferenced
Returns an array with the usage parametersets of this string.
Resets allusage parameters to their default values.
Display the result as a table row.
Converts an object array into a string with the given prefix and editor.
Sends an event to an activity.
Binds a name to an object.
Remove the object with the given name.
Looks up the object with the given name.
Get the name bindings for this node.
Moves to the next record for the current event.
Returns true if the level is higher than the level of the other traceler.
Extracts a jar file to a destination directory.
Reads the data from the specified inputstream and writes it to the specified outputstream.
Adds an object value to the node with the given key.
Add a sbbentity to the tree and return the boolean value. If the sbb
Removes the specified sbbentity from the node tree.
Returns the boolean value of the root of the node.
Returns all the sbb entities of the specified entity or an empty set if the entity is
Attach a timer to a node. If the timer is already attached to the node it will
Detach a timer from the timer.
Returns the boolean value of the node in the notimers node list.
Returns the children of the boolean.
Adds a name bound to this address.
Returns whether or not the bool node with the given name has been bound to the given string
Returns true if the node is the non - framesbound node.
Returns a copy of this object with the names of the bound nodes removed.
Sets the value of a boolean attribute.
Returns the cmp attribute of the given string or null if not found.
Retrieve a copy of the cmp attributes.
The method to initialize the mbean notificationinfo for the system.
Send the value of a usage parameter to the notification manager.
Download a remote file.
Called when a component has updated its version.
This method is used to installd a deployable unit.
Un installdeployableunit.
Internal implementation of internalundeploy method.
Show the status of the server.
Returns true if the record is logged. If no record has been logged the method returns false
Get the correct logger for the given log record.
Returns a hashset containing all the sbb entities known to the server.
Gets the permissions for the current policy.
Returns the policy holder s source location for the current policy.
Returns true if the specified profilename is found in the current profile.
Remove the currently installed SLEE.
Updates configuration properties.
Warns about rebalancing.
The object is rastopping. If the object is already rastopping the object will
Activates this object.
Deactivate the resource.
scheduleallactivitiesend - > scheduleallactivitiesend - >
Remove this model from the current state.
Returns the resourceDirected interface of the specified resource type.
Informs the object that the specified serviceid is now a serviceactive event.
Derive the activityhandle of an activity.
This method is used to notify the activity manager that an activity has ended.
Update configuration properties.
Verify the configuration properties.
rastopping the object.
Reads the resource at the current state. If the object is in the inactive state the
raunconfigure the object.
Unsets the resource at the current state.
Unsets the reference to the object.
build the profileattribute map from the method names and the return type
Resume the background thread.
Returns the names of all activity thandles.
Returns the objectname of the specified object.
Decorates the abstract class from the deployment descriptor.
Sends an event to the sbbentity.
Fire an event
Returns the profileMethodName of the specified profileid from the specified object.
Returns a HashMap with all abstract method names as keys and all abstract method values as values.
generate a map from the interfaceclass with the methods that don t exist in the exceptMethods
Create a new objectpool with the specified properties.
Remove an objectpool.
Determines if the specified notificationsource is the same as the specified alarm.
If the current notification is an alarm of the specified type this method will send a message to
Returns the profile object with the specified name or null if the object does not exist.
This method is used to get the snapshot of the current event type and the corresponding library ids
Checks if this unit accepts the url.
Set up the deployableunit wrapper object with the URL and name of the deployableunit
Start the unit.
Stop a deployableunit.
Show the status of the deployment manager.
Execute aftercommitactions.
Execute aftercommit priorityactions.
Execute after rollbackactions.
Execute the beforecommitactions.
Execute beforecommit priorityactions.
Return the names of the defined tracers.
create a new tracer
Removes all replicated data.
Process the usage parametersinterface.
Get a sb |= |= |= |= |= sb |= |= |= |= |= sb |= |= |=
Create a new object pool.
Tries to end the transaction associated with the given activity handle.
Starts an activity.
End an activity.
Check for illegal eventpreconditions.
This method is used to fire an event on an activity.
Returns the generatedbblocalobjectconcreteclass.
Make the operation name for this bean field.
Convert a string to an object.
Set the profileid.
Extract message from string result.
Returns true if the specified object is a sbblocal object.
Returns true if this set contains all elements of the given collection false otherwise.
Remove all elements from the specified collection.
Returns whether this level is higher than the given level.
Resolves the state of the stream.
Detach all classes from the classpath and remove all classes from the classpath.
profilecall - add the key to the profileobjectimpl object.
returns the profile object of the specified pro filename or null if the pro filename does not exist
Factory method to passivate a profileobject to a pool.
Set the contents of this object to the specified string. If the specified string is null or
Generate the activitycontextinterfaceconcreteclass.
Generates the map of concre attempt Method objects for each of the interface Method objects.
Set a data attribute.
Adds a name binding.
Make sure that the names of the objects are the same.
Remove a binding for a specified aciname.
Attach a timer to the cache.
The method to removefromtimers the timer facility.
Attach the specified sbbentity to the cached data.
Detaches the specified sbbentity from this transaction.
Returns a sorted set of all the sbb entities not including the excluded sbb entities.
End the activity
Add a component to this deployment descriptor.
Returns a collection of strings with external dependencies set to true.
Returns whether or not the current node has some missing data.
Returns true if there are no duplicates.
Get a collection of managementaction objects.
Returns a collection of managementaction objects for this model.
Returns whether or not the exception contains areferringdu.
Close an object.
Returns the objectname of the object with the given profilename.
Writes the current state of the object to the file.
Set the value of a field in the current profilename to the value of the current pro
Suspend the current transaction and suspend the transaction manager.
Get the compare field of the current pro filename.
Advances to the field that the user has access to. This method is called after
before managementexception method invocation.
This method is called after management method invocation.
Delete a directory and its contents.
Create the default constructor.
Create the defaultusageparameter Method object.
creates the gets and setsbbentity methods
Create a method for the given collection of event entries.
Create the getsbbactivitycontextinterface method.
Add the specified expression to this string.
Binds a string to an object.
Binds the specified object to the specified target object with bool_.
Decorates the abstract class represented by this component s descriptor.
A proxy method that invokes a method and returns void.
Returns the real field name of the component with the given name.
Sets the value of the given field of the activity context.
Returns the value of a given field from the context.
Initialize the object pool. If the pro filename is null then throw a sleeexception.
Unsets the profilecontext of the current thread.
Returns the pro filelocalobject of this profile object.
Fires a notification to the profile entity about the added or updated event if the profile is
Retrieve the abstractprofilecmpslee10 wrapper instance.
Create a class with the given classname and the given interfaces.
Create a ctclass for a specified superclass.
Adds the membervaluesto annotation.
Returns the activity context of the specified activity.
Get the classpool.
Set the deployableunit.
Clear the classloaderdomain classpool and permissions.
Start the activity associated with the given handle with the given activity flags.
Checks if the class is classorinterfacewithinterfaces and has the specified number of Inter
get all methods for a xinterface class
Check if the provided tracername is equal to the provided string.
Die Methode wird aufgerufgerufen aufgeruf
Makes the directory of the current deployment to the directory of the specified deployableunitid
Entitymanager must be non - null and must not be non - null.
Start the state machine. The state machine must be started before calling this method.
Lazily switch the class loader of a profileobject to a new class loader.
Returns a privileged call to a proxy object with a set of method parameters.
Checks if the current transaction is the same as this one.
Return the TTL for a given access time.
Returns whether the profile afteraction class is visible.
impl for profileobjectvalidincurrent transaction
Return a list of all logger names that match the given regex.
Set the value of the logger.
Set the value of the given loggers.
Add a new logger.
Remove a handler for the given logger and string.
Convert a tracername to a tracernamet input string.
Synchronize with log4j.
Assign the log4j level to the corresponding log4j level.
Reset the finest warning info and severe blocks according to the current settings.
Send a tracenotification message at the specified level.
Checks if the provided tracer name is the same as this one.
Writes data from an object to an output stream.
Reads an object from an object inputstream.
Add a urlclassloaderdomainimpl to the direct dependencies list.
Gets the list of urlclassloaderdomainimpls.
Find the class with the specified name.
Searches for the resource with the given name and returns a URL to it.
Find all the resources with the given name.
Create and register the abstract profilembean.
Resumet the transaction associated with the given transaction.
Returns a hash set containing all the sbIdxs of the specified componentrepository.
Return a hash set of all resource grouplinks associated with a componentrepository.
Inits the object slee method.
Throws an exception if the thread is stopped.
Checks if a given state is a validatestatetransition state.
Generates a generatenamed usage parameter Method for the current object.
Set the value of the given field of the given object to the given value.
Builds the polyjdbc instance.
Inserts an object value into the query.
Executes the specified operation within the specified transaction.
creates a regionrequest object from a string.
Return the region s relative coordinates.
Get the ontype string.
Set the target versions of this object. This will throw an illegal argument exception if the target
Add aviewing specifed resource.
Set a list of renderings to render.
Add a list of othercontent to this resource
Merge a list of profiles into a list of profiles.
performs a rotation request on a string
Convert a string to a sizere norm. If the string is already a siz
This method is called by the application to initialize the connection to the database.
Get a dump of the PDB file as an XML string.
pushhandlegps2 device command and execute command
pushhandlegps2device is used to push information from the abstract device to a file
Displays the command line to the console.
Pull a dump of the device s serial number to the device s file path.
Gets the external storage path as a string.
Detabify the string with the specified tabwidth.
indent the string with the given number of spaces
Tokenize this string into a collection of html tokens.
Display the text.
Returns a texteditor with the istag attributes set to str_.
Add an exception to the manager. If an exception is an instance of SQLTransactionRollbackException
This method is called by the framework once it has been called to clean up any cached state
Returns the name of the parent class of the specified type.
Generates the interface for the current class.
Write a divider to the output stream.
Append bits from a string array to a bit vector.
Reads the data from the specified inputstream.
Utility method to build a class from a path and a list of filters.
Lazily initializes the report object.
Add acreenc point to the current step using the provided image path and title.
Set systeminfo.
Creates a selector that selects a particular property value.
Create a selector with the given properties and alias and the given function.
Extract validation annotations.
Extract all annotations for a property.
Returns all annotations for a property with the given name.
Get the property descriptor of a class.
Create a new instance from a map of string to object.
Converts a string to a boolean type using the frommap method.
Create a map from string to object with ignore values.
Create a map from a string to an object.
Do the get values for the annotation
Creates a composite validator.
Generates a list of validators based on the name of the validation and its metadata properties.
Lookup the validator in registry for the given string.
Puts the properties of the current field validator into the current validator object.
Remove the property if it exists.
Takes the current time and records the approximations of that time and records the number
Returns the total number of cache entries.
Returns a hash code for the given object.
Opendb a database.
Put all the given values to the database.
Removes all objects with the specified keys.
Searches the database for the specified key and returns a keyvalue pair.
Load all by keys.
Closes the underlying database.
Reduces the elements of the given double array to the given object.
reduce byr double array.
Calculates variance of a range of values.
Calculates mean for a given array of long values.
This is a convenience method used to create a copy of an object from a method argument.
Performs a reduction on the elements of an array.
Create a string representing the euroutcsystem time.
Returns true if object matches specified criteria false otherwise.
Creates a criterion which returns true if the given object is not in the set of values.
Create a criteria from a list of objects.
Create a criteria object from a json string.
Adds a new array to the end of the list.
Returns the maximum element of the array.
Returns the first element of the given list with the given number of elements sorted by the given
Returns the last element of the given list or null if the list is empty.
Returns the last of the given list.
Returns a list containing the least of the given number of elements.
Returns the minimum of num_ elements in the list.
Returns the minimum element of the given array or null if the array is empty.
Processes array of maps and adds them to a collection.
Add a collection of objects to a collection of objects.
Create an object from a map of string to object.
Returns the value with the specified key.
Create a tooltip with the given namespace and field name.
Adds a hex string to the charsequence.
Processes the write queue.
Start the queue.
get the index of the specified character at the specified index of the specified string
Returns the slc of the specified string starting from the specified index.
Returns true if the specified string is one of the specified chars.
Add the specified character to the specified string.
Add objects to a string.
Returns the compacted version of the specified string.
Splits a string into an array of strings.
Takes a string and splits it by space.
Takes a string and splits it into an array of strings.
Takes an array of Strings and splits it into an array of Strings. The returned array
Converts a string to camelcase
Returns true if the specified string is inside of the specified string.
underbarcase all occurrences of a string. The result will be a copy of the input
Returns a string of length num_ where num_ is the number of characters specified by count
Sorts the specified array of sorts.
Sorts the fields of the given list according to the comparator.
Returns a comparator for this type - specific type - specific type - specific type - specific type
Create a list of comparator for each of the current sortators. The order of the comparator
Returns true if the given value is contained in the given map false otherwise.
Returns true if the string equals the given expected string. If they are not the same returns
Checks to see if two vectors are equal. The vectors are assumed to have the same
Returns the sum of the values in the array starting from the specified index. If the array
Returns the rounded power of 2 for a given number.
Sorts a list of strings by the field access.
Sorts a list of strings.
Set the value of a field from a map.
Returns the specified object as a list of objects or null if the object is null.
Use this method to createloadallversion sql.
Creates a list with all its elements wrapped in a linkedlist or a copyonwritearray
Returns true if the object has a string field with the given name false otherwise.
Returns true if the class has a string field with the given name.
Returns true if the class has a field with the given name.
Gets the first modificationable non static non static non static non static non static non static
Get a string field from a value object. If the value is a map the map will
Compare this cacheentry to the specified cacheentry.
Compare the time of the cacheentry with the time of the other cacheentry.
Sorts a list of given sorts.
Sorts a list by a string.
Returns a collection of entries in the map sorted by the component type.
Returns a collection of values sorted by key in ascending order.
Sorts the map by the component type and the string sortby.
Sorts an array by a string.
Returns a comparator that compares two objects on the specified field using the specified sort order.
Returns a comparator that uses the sorting algorithm to sort the objects in the specified ascending order.
Returns the value associated with the given key. If there is no value associated with the key
Returns the value with the specified key or null if there is no value for the key.
Evict all entries from the cache.
dynamically initialize the min and max values according to the type of object.
Returns a buffer of the specified size.
Determines ifwesh should exit.
poll the inputwriterchannel from the poll buffer and try to read the data from it.
Check whether we should force a flush after the lastflushtime. If so we
Start the monitor thread.
Start the receiver for a given time.
Gets an object by its key.
Create a new result set that contains the expressions specified in the main query and all of the
This is a hack to allow the result set to be filtered out by the specified grouping.
Adjust the filestart time for a given file. If the filestart time is
Returns true if there is a synctodisk on this output stream.
Closes the outputstream.
Call this method to move to the next available byte.
Writes a chunk of data to the output stream.
Initialize the outputstream.
Put all the values from the given map into the store.
Converts the given key to a byte array.
get a list of validatorm metadata from properties file
Extracts the validatormMetadata from the given string.
Returns the list of validatormMetadata for the given property.
Extracts the validatorm metadata.
Generates a list of validatorm metadata from a collection of annotations
Converts annotation datatorm metadata to validatorm metadata
Splits a string with a given character and returns an array of strings with the split result
Takes a string and splits it by whitespace and returns an array of strings.
Takes a string and splits it by a set of delimiters and returns an array of strings
Removes delimiters from a string.
Takes a string and splits it by the specified delimiters and returns an array of strings with
Parses a double from a specific index to a specific index in a string.
Parses an int from a string.
Returns the number of occurrences of the from character and the to character in the buffer.
Gets the property by its path.
Returns all the fields of the given object as a map. If the object is a map
Returns the type of a property.
Injects a property value into a property path of an object.
Adds a idx property to a class.
Get a property from an object or array.
Gets a property of an object.
Gets a property value from an object.
Initialize the summary message.
Creates a message with the specified key and the supplied list of arguments.
Displays a warning message.
Generate message values.
Gets the subject.
Create a JSON object from a string.
Send a http request.
Delete a string with the given confirm string. If the delete string is the same as the
Create a new B.
Returns a list of string with the specified count.
Trigger a replication result.
Returns the JSON - value of the object with the str as the key and the class as
Returns the view in descending or ascending order.
Synchronizes all objects with the current designdocument list.
Gets a designdocument from the db with the specified id.
Get all from designdocument resources.
Gets a designdocument from the specified designdocument id.
Saves the current object to the database.
Retrieve information about a specific replicatordocument.
Returns a list of all replicatordocument found.
Remove the replicatordoc.
Retrieve an object from the database.
Get the list of elements of the specified jsonquery.
Checks if the object contains the specified id.
Performs a bulk get of objects.
Do a put on the given object.
Sends a request to the server and returns the response.
Sends a post request to the server.
Perform a http delete on the given URI.
Validates the status code of the given http response.
Set the entity to the httprequest.
Adds an attachment to the email.
Get the changes result.
Reads the next boolean from the table.
Convert a double value to a string.
Shutdown the lock manager and wait for it to exit.
Writes data from an observable to a servletoutputstream.
Add tags to a metric.
Waits until the current block is complete and then verifies that the last block is
Retrieve the namespace id for a given name.
isquery returns true if request method is query
Send authentication - request to the target server.
Get the verbatim string from a server exchange.
Generate the target object for a target object with the given parameters.
Invoked when a pooled connection is closed.
On request failure add the error to the pooled connection.
Initializes the configuration.
Find scheduled jobs.
Constructs a list of t from the pointmap and the buckets using a bifunction
End an exchange by setting the statuscode and reason value.
Obtains an observable that contains all of the rows from the bucket with the given timestamp
Create buckets from start to end inclusive.
Send a message. Return true if the send was successful false if the send was successful.
Send a message to the ongoing. If an exception occurs during send it is logged and
set the delaylevel for the message to send
Scans a string cursor and returns a list of matching strings.
Adds a file to this path optionally preserve external filename.
Replace a string with a zippath and preserve external filename.
Create a new zip file and copy it to the temp directory.
Generates the metrics for a single component and a databuffer.
Fetch content.
Fetch the content of orderitem.
Upload a zip file.
Generates a sequence of metrics for the given set of components.
Creates a new file with a random path to the specified parent directory.
end a child object and return the parent object
Registers a stgroup with the given type.
Registers a stgroup with its attributerenderer.
Creates a new template based on the prototype and a domain object.
Add a domain object to the list.
Sets a property of the given object to the given value.
Add a childobject to this configuration object.
Returns a supplier that creates a file with the given prefix and suffix in the given directory.
Copies the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream.
Read a document from a file.
Parse a document from the specified reader.
Returns the elements of the given parent as elements of the current node.
Returns a stream of nodes representing the child nodes of the given element.
Returns the first child element of the given parent element with the given names.
Returns the elements in the given parent that are named elements in the given child names.
Validates an inputstream against an xml schema.
The main entry point for the SIP compiler.
Converts an inputstream to a content builder.
Return a content builder object from a resource.
Process a single entry and pass it to a function.
encode the given string asciichar and replace it with the given string. The result
Set the signature of an access key.
RemovewhWhitespace is the same as removewhWhitespace.
Sign the requesthandler with the signature if necessary.
Set the data for the object.
completemultipart upload input.
Removes and adds a notification to the list of favoritenotices that the user
Add the specified notification state to the specified entry.
Returns whether this cache entry was haseired.
Get notification.
Addressees.
Get the addressee service.
Get eventdto list.
Get event.
Returns the full url of the specified request including the servername port and path.
Returns the jpaentry with the specified entryid.
Return the authentication token associated with this client.
Returns the total number of notifications in all categories.
Add categories to the notification categories list.
Fetches a notification response based on the user s preference.
Create a notificationerror object.
Generate a notification response for the maptonotification request.
Create a notificationentry.
Attach actions to a notification entry.
Normalizelink a link.
Returns the notification category for the specified portlet request.
Returns the default notification source for the specified portlet.
Invokes the action and removes the readnotices from the set of readnotices.
read a notification response from a file
Returns the primary key of the current user. If the user does not have a primary key
Extract JSON string from response entity.
Override this method to handle the special action for the notification entry. If the entry is not
Returns a map with the notification attributes as keys and the values as values.
Normalizes the point p to point p.
Returns true if boxa is contained within boxb.
Returns the closest point on the image to the given point.
Computes the sign of the point.
Set the values of this matrix to the same values as se3f64.
Sets the value of the t to the given values.
Converts a rectangle to a polygon.
Convert a polygon to a quadrilateral.
Computes the bounding box of the specified quadrilateral rectangle.
Given a polygon2d_f64 and a rectangle2d_f64 compute the
Converts a quadrilateral_f64 into a point2d_f
Converts a polygon into a point2d_f64 with the average point. The
Computes the convex hull for a list of points.
Removes all points in the polygon with the same angle.
Computes the average of of each line segment of the target polygon with the specified number
Computes the area between the two points.
Returns true if the specified quadrilateral_f64 contains the specified point.
Returns true if the a point is inside the b point and the pt point is inside the
Computes the intersection of the two lineparametric objects.
Computes the intersection between the linesegment2d_f64 and the line segment
Computes the intersection of the linea0 point with the lineb1 point.
Computes the intersection between the lineparametric2d_f64 and the target
Computes the intersection between the two points.
Returns true if the ellipserotated rectangle contains the specified at the specified x and
Computes the intersection area of the two specified rectangle.
Gets the value at a specific index in a matrix.
Converts a matrix to a quaternion.
Returns a new dmatrixrmaj with the specified angled value.
Sets the rotx of a matrix to a angle in radians.
Computes the roty of a dmatrixrmaj transformation.
Returns a new dmatrixrmaj rotz.
Sets the distortion of the specified DMatrixrmaj matrix to the same value
Generate a dmatrixrmaj with the given parameters.
Returns a new dmatrixrmaj rotation about the axis specified by axis and angle.
Set the angle of this path to the angle in radians.
Constructs the twist point of the motion.
Converts the initial and end into a rotation matrix. The rotation matrix will be the same
Computes the rotation and translation for a given where and places the result in the output
Computes the SVD of a set of points. The points are assumed to be
Solves a set of points on the object.
Returns the distance between two points. The distance between the two points is the sum of the
Returns true if this point is inside of another point2d_f64 p.
Converts a conicGeneral_f64 matrix into a dmatrixrmaj matrix
Converts a conicGeneral_f64 to a dmatrix3x3.
Converts a parabolageneral image into a parabolageneral
Converts a parabolageneral_f64 to a conic general -
Divides p by v and places the result into p.
Converts geotuple3d_f64 to a dmatrix.
Extracts the triangulation from a dmatrixrmaj coordinate system.
Sets the parameters of this parameter vector to the specified values.
Returns the distance between 0 and num_ by angb.
Returns true if two planegeneral3d lines intersect.
Checks to see if a point is contained in the vector t_v0.
Returns true if lineparametric3d_f64 is intersect with point3d_
Computes the interpolation between two vectors. The difference between the two vectors is that the
Extracts the quaternion from q.
Computes the hull from a 2D array of point2d_f64
Adds the SIFT vector to the SIFT vector. The number of elements in the
Converts an se3d_f64 object to a dmatrixrmaj object
Converts se to dmatrixrmaj.
along the axis axis of se3d_f64
Returns true if se3_f64 a - b is better than bool_
Converts a latlontounit vector to a lat lon pair.
Returns true if the circle is defined by points2d_f64 x0 and x
Computes the circleradi comment line distance between the two points.
Computes the closest point to the lineparametric3d_f64. The
Returns the point on the line from a point3d_f64 to a point3
Converts a point in the plane to point3d_f64 closest to the plane
Returns the closest point on the line segment to point3d_f64.
Returns a point3d_f64 which is the closest to the vertexa vertexb
Transform the se into a point2d_f64.
Computes the transformation on the image using point2d_f64 for the given
Returns true if quadrilateral_f64 is within tolerance for the ise
Computes the acute angle between two lines.
Convert a lineparametric2d_f64 to a lineparametric2d_
Converts a two - dimensional linePolar2d_f64 into a linePol
Converts a linesegment2d_f64 to a lineparametric2d_
Convert a lines segment2d_f64 to a line segment2d_f64
Converts a line generalized image into a line generalized image.
Converts the two points to a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a linePolar2d_f64 into a linePolar2d
Converts a lineparametric2d_f64 into a lineparametric2d
Converts a 2D function to a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a planegeneral 3d normalized image into a planegeneral 3
Converts an input planenormal3d_f64 into an output planenormal
Converts se3d_f64 to planenormal3d_f64.
Converts a point3d_f64 into a point3d_f64.
Converts a planegeneral3d_f64 plane into se3d_
Returns true if t is within tolerance.
Returns a copy of this instance.
Computes the squared norm of this vector.
Computes the computet for a lineparametric 3d_f64 point.
Returns true if one of the options is uncountable.
Returns whether the parabolageneral is within a tolerance.
Copies this point into a point3d_f64.
Computes the acute angle between line0 and line1.
Returns true if the point p is infinite h.
Generates a list of points4d_f64 from a point3d_f
Converts from point4d_f64 to e point3d_f64.
Computes the minus of two vectors.
Checks to see if the two points are identical within a given tolerance.
Sets the width and height of this object to be the same as the rectanglel
Converts ellipserotated_f64 into rectangle ellipserotated_
Computes the ellipserotated points on the axis of the edge t and
Computes the angle of the ellipserotated area of the image.
Computes the angle of ellipserotated along the axis and writes the result
Returns true if the line is intersecting with the previoustangent line.
Returns the corner at the specified index.
Computes the distance between the lineparametric3d and the lineparametric3
Computes the distance between a line and a point.
Computes the distance between a point and a line segment.
Computes the distance between the point and the plane point.
Computes the distance between the line and the point.
Computes the distance between segmenta and segmentb.
Computes the distances to segmenta and segmentb.
Computes the distance between a point and a quadrilateral point.
Returns the minimum distance from the specified quadrilateral to point p.
Computes the distance between a polygon and a point.
Computes the minimum distance of point p to the linesegment2d_f64
Computes the distance from the line to origin.
Computes the Euclidean distance between an ellipserotated and point p
Computes the Euclidean distance between the two points.
Add a transform node to the path.
Returns the closest point on the line segment p to the point2d_f64.
Computes the closest point on theellipsserotated rectangle to point p.
Computes the polynomial approximation of a given array of values and stores the result in
Convenient function to create a 3d point from a random vector.
Converts a vector3d_f64 object into a perpendicularF64
Returns true if the two vectors are within a tolerance.
Normalizes a vector in place.
Create a dmatrix from vector3d_f64 values.
Convert a dmatrixrmaj m into a vector3d_f64.
Returns the Euclidean distance between the given two points.
Sets the ellipserotated rectangle.
Normalize the values.
Computes the length of a triangle from three points.
Returns the quadrilateral of the specified quadrilateral.
Returns the absolute value of the polygon.
Computes the mean for a given point in a 2d_f64 array.
Sorts a list of points in ascending order.
Computes a dmatrix for the given points using the given mean as the mean for
Returns true if the given polygon is convex.
Multiply this vector by a scalar.
Gets the maximum absolute value.
Returns the distance between the specified two points.
Returns the Euclidean distance between the specified two points.
Returns a random list of point3d_f64 objects.
Returns a list of points with values from a point3d_f64 whose values are
Returns a list of points3d_f64 where each point is a Gaussian random number
Returns the point3d_f64 mean of the list of points.
Returns the point3d_f64 mean of the specified list of points.
Invalidates all entries from the cache.
Invalidate all entries that satisfy the given predicate.
Generates a hashset from the given collection of strings. If the collection does not contain
Returns the xml features for the specified server directory.
get configdropins features.
Return the parsedxmls of the specified server file or a new one.
Returns the result of parsing the inefilename attribute of the element. If the element
Parse a featuremanagernode into a set of strings.
Download JSONs.
Returns a copy of liberty featureset from a set of jsons.
Returns true if the featurestoinstall does not exist in the list false otherwise.
Returns true if the specified collection contains all of the strings from the specified target.
get the next product version
Extracts the symbolic name from a jar file.
Get the jar of the installmap based jar.
Compares two jar files to see if they are equal.
Extracts the version number from a file.
Compare a string version1 to a string version2.
Returns information about the product.
Checks if the given jar file contains a boot - start. jar file.
Get a property value from the libertyremoteproperty.
Determines whether or not the specified image file is valid for working in this environment.
Moves forward direction to num_ by a given amount.
Returns true if object s1 equals object s2 false otherwise.
Loads the integer value of the specified string or the supplied default value if the string is
Returns an array of tortoise objects.
Verifies that the current image is valid.
Returns a copy of this instance with the element at the same index swap between target and num
Returns the distance between all cells in the set with respect to each other.
Prints a formatted string to the standard output.
Prints a formatted string to the output stream in the specified locale using the specified format string and
Make anafishy diagnostic for a specific number of months.
Adds the given object as a variable to the current time.
Returns a uniform random number between 0 and the supplied values.
Returns the uniform of two numbers.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the value is not positive.
Returns the discrete version of the specified array.
Returns a copy of the given string with the capitalized touppercase of the given
Converts a word into a full word by removing all non - numeric characters from the word
Adds str_ to path if not already present.
Converts a criteriajoin to a joined string.
Returns token + str_ + cookiesentence + token key + str_ + token +
Convenience method to remove all the session information from the request context and to the response
Extract theauthtToken from Cookie string.
Registers the bound variables for the given injector.
get all role permissions for the specified parent role and group.
Adds a projection to this alias list.
Convert jobinfo to job detail.
Convert trigger info to trigger.
Sets the count and interval values of the given builder to the same values as the number of
Sets the start and end time of the given trigger builder.
Send a mail item to the e - mail.
Overrides the default implementation to write the stack trace to the output stream.
Initialize the scheduler.
Returns all fields of the given class sorted from newest to oldest.
Returns the field map for this class.
Configure the default encryptor instance based on the provided configuration.
Generate attributeshash.
Generates a string that can be passed to the API.
Sends a message to the e - mail.
Generates atrongpassword string with the given old password.
Gets the user for an account.
Hashes a password.
Verify if the given string is a valid account name.
Commit the transaction if the status is active.
Rolls back the current transaction if it is active.
Starts the transaction.
Returns true if the requested method is authorized.
parse a field of an object to a date
Returns a response status code and entity for internal_server_error response.
Returns a new restriction that is equal to the given object.
Create a new restriction that is not equal to the given value.
Creates a restriction that is less than the given object.
Create a restriction that is less than or equals to the given value.
Create a restriction that is greater than the given object.
Create a restriction where the value is greater than or equals to the given object.
Returns a restriction that only contains the given object.
Creates a new restriction that matches any input field with the same name and value.
Returns a namespacemanager with the given namespace and href.
Adds content to resourcere sting.
Set the rel attribute of the related resource.
Sets the value of this resourcere stories with the new value.
Adds a new namespace to this resource.
Decode a slice of a byte array and return the corresponding boolean value.
Encodes a string into a sequence of bytes.
Compares two input stream for equality.
mv a file or str_ + src to dst
touch a set of files if they do not have been modified since the last time it was
Gets the last part of a file name.
Add padding to the block.
Get the short name of a class.
Returns all interfaces and superclasses of the specified class.
Verifies that the given password matches the given password.
Reads a string from the system input stream.
Append a byte to the internal buffer.
Append len bytes to the end of the internal buffer.
Returns a deep copy of the given array.
Returns a new fraction that is the sum of this fraction with the specified fraction.
Computes the reduced fraction of this fraction by the specified fraction.
Returns a new fraction with this fraction multiplied by the given fraction.
Returns the fraction divided by the given fraction.
Returns the maximum of the set of long values.
Returns the minimum of the set of long values.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the given message if the condition is not met.
Fetches content from Meteoexception at the given coordinates.
Fetch the content of the Meteoexception at the given coordinates.
Fetch the content of a meteoexception from a given latitude and longitude.
Finds a list of meteo indues from now.
Takes a zoned datetime and returns a meteoLocancast with the best
Fetch the content of a meteoexception with the specified name and language from the database
Creates a meteo - long term Forecast with the current time as the time -
Create a new meteo - long term Forecast with the current date and time.
Convert a string containing a list of coordinates into a location object.
Metes the content of the meteoc content.
Create a string representation of a pointForecast as an optional string.
Finds the beaufortlevel of a pointForecast.
Create a uri from a string.
Returns whether or not the current date is issun
Returns the forecast for the given zoned datetime or empty if it does not exist.
Retrieves a period Forecast between the from and to fields.
Meteobase s Meteobase fetchcontent.
Fetch the content at the given location with the given language.
Updates the database.
invokes a string method.
Acquire the object reference.
Returns a referencedobject reference to a referencedobject of the given class.
Gets the wrapped object.
Return the configuration of the specified class.
Get theissubstitutorenabled configuration for the given bootstrap configuration.
Create a class iterator.
Use this to get a decoder.
Returns a list of service objects for the specified interface.
Gets the module.
Acquire an inputstream from the specified source.
Returns the number of bytes required to store this object in the given datasource. If the object
Get wrapped data.
Returns the component at the specified index.
Returns the name of the component at the specified index.
Returns true if the type is plain or behind.
Set the regex and run the regex.
The main loop of cfind
Adds a subset to the match set.
Returns true if the expression t contains at least one element of t ; false otherwise.
Clones the states of a given type from an old state to a new state.
Constructs an optst tree from the left subre and the right subre.
Recursively marks the subre t and adds its left and right flags to the st.
Return the number of times a subre can be found.
Returns true if the current str is a valid subre or false if the current str is
the deltraverse of a state s with the given nfa and leftend state s
Adds a nonword to the string.
Clones the word at the specified position.
Returns the number of times num_ is found or - 1 if num_ is not found
Checks a bracket at the current token position.
Scans the plain part of the regex and creates a new string from it.
Checks if there is a new lcon with the specified number of lacons.
Converts a single c - argument to a single state.
Extracts the vector from the set.
Returns the color of the string.
Returns a new short color.
Subrange a range from one state to another.
must be called after all the colordescs have been initialized
Set the colordescs for a given arc.
Performs the uncolordescs lookup on the colordescs of the arc
Dumps the colors for all the colordescs.
Starts the parsing of a regexexception.
Restore the state of the current pattern from the previous state to the current state.
Gets the color for the specified codepoint.
Initializes theet for a given index.
Returns the index of the last column in the dataset.
Returns a copy of the specified char with all cases replaced.
Returns the cclass of the specified cclass name. If cclassname is not a
Computes the carcsort between first and last number of times.
Generate a new state with the specified flag.
Move all states from old to new.
Move all ins from old state to new state.
Copy all ins from old state to new state.
Copy all outgoing states of an old state to a new state.
Free all state objects associated with the given state.
Remove a single state from the list.
Create aparc arc between from and to state.
duptraverse an arc s with a null output chain
The method to do the specials.
Dumps the nfa string representation.
Returns a string representation of the given state.
the stringbuilder sb is the same as s.
Append a string to the string builder at the given index.
Optimize the regular expression.
Returns the flags for each arc in the pre and the outchain. Returns the number of
Applies the regex to the combine method of an arc.
Removes all states and nexts from thetraverse.
Assumes that a state is reachable from a given state. If the state is not reachable
Adds a canreach to the current state.
This method is used to fixempties in the compiler by making sure that all of the
Returns true if the given arc is empty.
get the parameters of the rule
Returns a collection of rule inter viewable plugins for the specified string.
Get the report plugins for the string.
Retrieves the specified ruleselection.
Interprets the command line arguments and invokes the specified task factory to execute the command.
Get the error message for the given exception
gather standard options.
Add options for gathertasksoptions to options.
Returns a string containing all of the tasknames for the specified task.
Interprets command line arguments.
Parses the command line arguments and returns the CommandLine object.
Create a command - line task and initialize it with command line options and pluginrepository properties.
Read the properties from the command line.
Prints usage information to the standard output.
Gets the directory where the file is located.
Create the plugin class loader.
Returns a new set with all ids of the specified range.
Returns the intersectingids of the specified cell set.
Returns the URI corresponding to the given HTTP method.
Add a target to the path pattern.
Returns the total number of routes across this node.
Appends the specified target to the first address in the list of mappings for the specified path
Appends a path pattern to the current path.
Appends a target to the last address in the path pattern.
Returns true if any of the specified request path tokens are matched by either the first or the
criterion smart equal.
Gets the filename of the specified string.
Compare two entries.
Compares two entries.
Compares two bookmark lists.
Set the servletclasslastmodified time.
Return a list of all tag handlers.
Finds the class with the given name.
Returns the authorization header of the given request or null if the header is not present.
Get the function mapper instance.
Maps a function to its corresponding method.
Returns a function mapper for the specified function.
A resolvefunction for a method.
Set the values of this array.
Return the object associated with the specified id.
Return the nodes corresponding to the given string.
Convert a string representation of a node to a node.
parsetagfileDirectives a string containing a set of nodes.
Create a jsp compiler instance.
Returns an inputstream for the given resource.
Replies the last modification time for the channel.
Find all class loaders.
Checks to see if a classloader is the same as this classloader.
Starts loading a class.
Read the header of a stream.
Return a pagination result starting from the specified start page to the specified pagesize with the specified
metakey of string
Convenient method to fill the requirements of the RPM package.
get the tagfile for a given short name
call the jspcompilationcontext object to parse a treenode.
Returns the checksum of the specified file.
Returns the size of the specified file.
Validate the channel name against a regular expression.
Seeks to the specified block.
Locates the blockbypos and throws an indexoutofboundsexception if the
Returns a list of artifact arts for a given channel.
Update the state of the opt and its corresponding options.
Calculates the regular expressions used for a 1byteprices block.
Calculates the number of tries to find a match for the specified state.
Calculates the normal match options.
Throws an exception for an expected byte.
Throws an exception for a invalid byte.
Initialize the scantlds mapping map.
Create a scantld entry for a resource path entryname and inputstream.
Add a wrapper to the list of jsps.
Get the parent classloader for the current thread. If the current thread does not have a parent
Set the bytecode of a particular string.
Returns the bytecode time of the specified string.
Saves the bytecode of a classname to a file.
Checks to see if there is a istagfile already present in the list of jsp
Initialize the classpath.
Start the thread.
Stops the thread and waits for it to finish.
This method is run by the framework once it has been started.
Finds a channel by its name.
Find the channel instance matching the supplied by object.
Update the groupcache on the channelserviceaccess object.
Copy the contents of an inputstream to an outputstream.
Parses a parser.
read attributes from jsp reader
include each file in the file list
Return true if the attribute and body match the attribute and body type.
Add a single attribute
Adds a node as a child of this node.
Returns an iterator of all attribute names in this model.
Returns an iterator over the treenodes in the tree.
Returns an iterator of all treenodes with the given name.
Returns a copy of this bean s properties.
Returns the alias for the given string.
Set the thread.
Unsets the current thread data.
Find the printstream wrapped by the wrapped printstream.
Writes a string field value to the string writer if the value is non - null.
Writes a string field to the string writer.
Add an element with the given name to the given element parent element.
Add an element to the element with the specified name.
Writes the contents of the buffer to the specified writer.
Set the writer.
reallocates the internal char array and sets the internal char array to the same length.
Maps a node to a string.
Returns the same parent state for the given key.
Registers a model with the storage provider.
consumer for a stream with a given metakey
modelandview monitor.
Returns true if the request is authenticated false otherwise.
Finishes writing and closes the output stream.
Create the adapter.
Tells whether or not the device is dimensionless or dimensionless or dimensionless.
Create a union of the provided metadata and the provided map.
get the error object from the request
Check if the coordinates are equal.
Finishes the computation and sets the finished flag.
Returns the exception associated with the request.
Evaluates an expression and returns the result as an object.
Make the prefix from theosgipro double address.
Returns true if the path is an xml file.
parset a tagfileDirectives with the given name and path.
load the tagfile class with the taginfo taginfo taginfo taginfo and parentpage
Remove all generated class files with the given filename.
Set the uriroot.
Scan files.
Locates the uriroot of a file.
Moves num_ from num_ to num_ + 1. Returns num_ if num
Returns true if this matches the specified string.
Return true if the specified string contains non - whitespace characters followed by whitespace characters.
Skips back to the start of the string.
Return null if there are no more characters in the string.
Returns null if tag is not present.
Return the next quoted or non - quoted string.
Return true if popfile returns false if popfile returns false otherwise.
Returns a new coordinates instance with the same properties set as this coordinates instance but the same properties
Returns a list of aspect IDs that match a given predicate.
Returns missing ids for the given list of aspect aspect s.
Set thechemaresource prefix for the current schema resource.
Set the DTD resource prefix.
Converts a node to a treenode.
Merge errors for a string with a bindingresult object.
Initialize a binder.
Scans all the nucleotide factory references for a given bundle context.
Remove str_ from the path and add num_ to str_.
Called when a custom tag plugin is invoked.
Returns an array of bytes of the specified size. If the requested array is not large enough
Returns an int array with the specified size.
Create an aetherresult from a collection of artifactresult objects.
get an inputstream for a resource
Returns the validation messages for the specified page.
Pushes the contents of an array of characters to the stream.
Used to get the encoding of an xml file.
Reports a fatal error.
Get the realpath of this resource.
Gets the resource at the specified path.
Get the inputstream resource for the given path.
Get the resource paths for the given string.
Log a message and a throwable.
Adds a filter.
Compute the number of bytes required to encode a dictsize.
Returns memory usage in bytes.
Set the preset as a multiple of dictsize bytes.
Remove the trailing spaces.
Fill the window with a number of bytes.
Processes the pending bytes.
Returns the number of bytes to be read from the buffer.
Returns the number of bytes in the buffer that match the specified distance from the input buffer.
Verify that each element in the matches array matches.
Move the current position in the buffer to the specified index.
Recycle the response.
Flushes the internal buffer to the stream.
Clear the buffer.
Flush the output stream.
Close the response stream.
Write a string to the stream.
Throws an exception with the specified error report.
Make a key for this metadata map.
Generate the class.
Compile the class.
Initialize the compiler.
Check if the number of jars in the system jars is greater than the number of jars in
Returns a new string with the given character quoted if needed.
This method is called when a generated statement is found.
Generate a pool for a custom tag handler pool.
Generates a generatexmlprolog for a page.
Generate the commonpostamble.
Generate the postamble of the current line of code for the given node.
Generates the generated code for the specified page.
Print attributes if they have dynamic attributes. If they do not have attributes an empty string is
Read properties from a stream.
Export a channel.
Validates the specified pagedata and generates a validation message for it.
Retrieve a jsptag from the queue.
Parse a string expression into a list of nodes.
Selects a property if it s not already present.
Is jsppage boolean.
Print a sequence of comment characters.
Prints a string to the current writer.
Prints a string to the current line.
Prints a string to the stream.
Gets the expr inxml.
Checks that the scope of the given node is the same as the scope of the given
Escapes special characters in a string.
Adds a value expression to the string expression.
Returns the classname of the specified tag handler.
Returns a string representing all the classes in the specified package.
Splits a string into an array of strings.
Makes a new string as the specified identifier.
Converts a single character to an array of characters.
Returns true if the specified string is a keyword.
Adds a property to a map.
Returns a string with the specified prefix appended with the specified modifier.
Returns a sorted set of all metadata for the specified namespace and key.
Runs the storage engine s update operations on all users in the collection.
Gets the last part of the given string.
put a string to the cache
the locator and key are expected to be the same.
Build a collection of imetric objects from a aggregated payload.
Converts a non - lazily parsed number to a real number. If the number is
Writes a object to the outputstream
Retrieve the TTL value for a given locator and granularity.
This method is called when the context menu item is recreated.
Log a message about delayed metrics.
If enabled log the delayedmetricnames in the log message. If not log the message.
Gets the unversioned double or long from the provided input stream.
Writes an unversioned double or long entry to the output stream.
Returns an unmodifiable map of all the properties.
Create a container in the blob store.
Scheduleseligibleslots for a given period of time.
Clears all running items from the running list for the given slot.
Registers a listener for a given event.
Register a listener to be called only once.
Remove a single event from the E emitter.
Emit a string event with a set of arguments.
Returns a list of listeners for the given event.
Gets the unique name of the host.
Append a rollupevent to the end of the file.
Returns the number of times the specified filename par set it to the specified number.
Start the server.
Returns the rollup type of the given granularity or basic from the given source rollup object
Create the instance from the configuration.
Adds a time value to the ttlmap builder if the value is smaller than num_
Computes the metrics for the given headers and outputs.
Returns a string representation of the formatheader given the number of maximums and headers.
Returns a string array with the formatted strings for the specified outputs.
Registers a metric registry for the specified object.
Set the thread pool name.
Add a string to the metricnames with the specified doccount.
Computes the list of all unique metric names for a given string.
Gets tokens from a metric locator.
This method is for asynchronous put of a result set. It will not wait for the result
Determines the granularity of a given time interval from a set of points. If the requested
Set the servertime for this string.
get all hosts
Returns the maximum number of connections to a given host.
Gets the metric column family list.
insert metrics with the default granularity.
Inserts a collection of imetric objects into the table.
Returns a set of locators for the given execution context.
regextograbcurrentandnextlevel for a regular expression
Start the fileuploader.
Stops the fileuploader.
Determines if the specified locator is the current thread in a batch.
Return true if the specified locator is the current node.
Determines if the specified locator is current or not.
Is the locator associated with the specified slot for the specified locator?
Set a locator for a specific slot.
Create a new finerranges for the specified range.
Returns an iterable that iterates over the specified range of the specified granularity.
Insert the specified imetric objects into the data store.
Insert the metrics for the specified column family.
Checks to see if the imetric is within max_age_allowed time.
Gets the bound statement for the specified imetric metric. If the metric has already been
Retrieve all metadata values for a column with a given locator.
Returns whether or not the given http headers contain a content - type header.
Returns whether or not the given http headers accept is valid.
Insert a list of imetric objects into the index.
Returns true if the current state of the object is valid.
Do check for errors.
Get new instance of extractor.
Checks if the current operating system name and version are equal.
Start the erlang process.
Stops the process.
Create a new pnsign meta data instance with the default information.
Adds the peerconnection. iceservers to the list of peerconnection.
Add a peerconnection. iceservers array to this array.
Send a jsonobject to the server.
Sends a message to allpeers.
Gets the value of the weitereadresse property.
Returns the user defined simplefield.
Gets the value of the user definedanyfield property.
Sets the value of this object to the specified value.
Gets the value of the multimediaanhang property.
Returns the status of this object.
Returns the statusis24 attribute.
Returns the status code of this object.
Gets the importmodus.
Gets the adressdruck property.
Liefert den Wert. Diese Methode wird aufger
Gets the value of the boden &lt ; date&gt ; tag&
Sets the region.
Returns the value of the area property.
The value of this address field is the same as the given value.
Sets the value of the description property.
Set the rentcollection period.
Sets the value of the furnished property.
Set the phone1 value.
Set the phone2 value.
Sets the contactname of this date.
Set the phoneinfo value.
Sets the mainemail.
Sets the value of the ccemail property.
Set the externalid value.
The value of str_ is the same as str_. The value of str_ is
Set the epart of this date.
Sets the value of this property to the specified value.
Sets the value of this property to the specified value.
Sets the value of this date - time attribute to the specified value.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid decimal number for the specified locale.
set the value of the gebiete property.
Set the gruppe string.
Set the value of the user agent.
Gets the value of the property property property property property.
Set the stand value.
Returns the list of user defined extend.
Sets thezeitein constraints on this date and time.
Returns the value of the zimmer.
Returns the value of the haus property.
Gets the value of theID tag property.
Gets the value of the gastgewerbe property.
Gets the value of the docbook property.
Gets the value of thesonstige property.
Gets the value of the zin used objekt property.
Gets the tier of the current date.
Set the value of the umfang property.
Sets the w ungtyp value.
Returns the iso2 code of the specified country or null if the specified country is not in
Utility method to get the country for the specified iso3 country string. Returns null if the
Returns the ISO 317 code of the specified country or null if the specified country is not
Utility method to get the ISO 3 country code from a string. Returns null if the input
Returns the display country name for the given country and language.
Translates the given country and language to the given string.
Returns a list of anbieter objects.
Sets the category of the specified businesselement.
Returns the value of the pdf property.
Set the value of this date - time attribute.
Sets the real XML item text.
Sets the value of the pacht property.
Change the version of openimmo to the new version.
Gets the value of the str_ property.
Returns the names of all the fields.
Set the value of the blick property.
Sets the pauschalmiete value.
Set the value of the monatsmiete property.
Returns the park target s date and comments.
Sets the last time by str_.
Sets the value of the zustandart property.
Gets the value of the feld property.
Dumps this record to the specified writer.
Returns the string at the given position or the given default value if the value is not present
Print the matrix as a row.
Set the string value at the given position.
Sets the value of this date - time attribute.
Sets thehaustyp value.
Gets the value of the energiepass property.
Set the value of the k Value.
Sets the grundst typ value.
Sets the value of the geschlecht.
Set the value of the hallentyp property.
Gets the wiederholungstermin.
Gets the value of the teilungsversteVarung property.
Change the version of openimmo by upgrade the version of objekt.
Gets the value of the bevorzugt property.
Gets the value of the wun data property.
Sets the art of the uebertragung.
Set the value of the modus property.
Returns the value of the emailsonstige property.
Gets the value of thetelsonstige property.
Sets the handel typ of the einzelHandel.
Sets the value of str_.
Sets the value of str_.
Sets the value of str_.
Gets the value of the row property.
Set the value of the distanzensport property.
Gets the value of this date - time attribute.
Returns the objectek induced by the given date and comments.
Returns the keine -ang distortion of the given date and comments.
Returns the keine -ang distortion of the given date and comments.
Returns the current ausstattungsqualitaet.
Gets the value of the vermarktungsart property.
Gets the value of the interessent property.
Sets the value of the wert property.
Set the value of this object to the specified value.
Set the value of the bauerwartungsland property.
Sets the value of the bootsstaende property.
Sets the value of this jaxbelement to the given string.
Set the value of this jaxbelement to the given string.
Sets the doppel set to the given string value.
Set the value of the e infamilien code.
Sets the einzel handel handelgross annotation.
Sets the einzel handelklein annotation.
set the value of the jaxbelement for the date and comments.
Sets the value of the garten property.
Sets the value of this jaxbelement to the given string.
Sets the value of the gewerbe property.
Set the value of the hotel property.
Sets the industrie.
Sets the value of the keinebebauung property.
Sets the value of the kleingewerbe property.
Change the value of the lager property.
Sets the value of the meh {}, date and comments to the given string.
Sets the value of this object property to the given string value.
Set the value of the park key.
Sets the produktion.
Sets the reihen Value.
Sets the stellplaetze.
Sets the value of the v single - valued property.
Set the value of this WDD.
Set the value of the anbieter property.
Gets the value of the w0ung property.
Gets the value of the grundstueck property.
Gets the value of the einzel handel property.
Gets the value of the h leading LV attribute.
Gets the value of the parken property.
Gets the value of the freizeitim metadata property.
Gets the value of the objekt Groovy date property.
Gets the value of the stell induced by this date and comments.
Sets the value of the maxdauer property.
Gets the value of the feature property.
Sets the value of the zimmertyp property.
upgrade to openimmo version 1. 5
Sets the value of this jaxbelement to the value of the given string.
Sets the erdwaerme.
Sets the solarheizung value.
Sets the value of the pelletheizung property.
Set the value of this jaxbelement to the given string.
Sets the value of the oel property.
Sets thefernwaerme.
Set the value of the strom property.
Sets the value of the k at the specified time.
Returns a random string with the specified length.
Returns a random string with the specified length.
Returns a random string with the specified length filtered by numbers.
Returns the w induces of the w induces of the given date and comments
Sets the value of the benut view.
Set the value of the objekte property.
Gets the value of the feed property.
Set the value of the moebliert.
Gets the value of the serviceleistungen property.
Sets the subadministrative area.
Set the centroid of the locationstructure.
Sets the locality of the location structure.
DownTS the openimmo version to the latest version.
Replies the version of openimmo.
Specifies the date and comment string for the Lowercase.
Gets the value of the field property.
Set the version of the current openimmo. If the openimmo version is 1
Gets the value of the ad property.
Sets the value of the gastgew typ property.
Sets the value of this date - time pair to the specified string.
Returns the datenverk target date and comments.
Returns the JaneinvereinNES algorithm for the given date and comments.
Gets the value of the image property.
Sets the pricetype of the event.
Sets the value of this date - time attribute to the specified string.
Sets the directions.
Set the value of the co2rate property.
Sets the localized string value of this date - time pair to the specified value.
Sets the value of this date - time tag.
Sets the value of the propertyst type property.
Sets the value of this date - time attribute.
Sets the value of the be baubarnach property.
upgrade the openimmo version to v 4. 4
Set the parkentyp value.
Set the alter attribute value to str_.
Set the value of the freizeitimIndirectly property.
Sets thetelefonart value.
Sets the emailart for thissonstige.
Sets the value of the overseass and comments property.
Sets the overseasantal value.
Create a user defined simple field.
Gets the value of the fehler property.
Sets the value of this date - time attribute.
Gets the value of the stpsonstige property.
Gets the value of str_.
Sets the value of this property to the specified value.
Sets the z instyp value.
Gets the value of the photo property.
Sets the metadata of the feed.
Set the projects property.
Set the properties for this feed.
Remove custom elements from the document and upgrade them.
Gets the value of the im type field.
Gets the value of the objekt.
Gets the value of the fehlerliste property.
Gets the value of the status property.
Sets thesonstigetyp value.
Set the distanzzu value.
Returns the distan descriptor for the date and comments.
Gets the value of the distanzensport property.
Returns true if the exception is compatible with the declared exceptions ; false otherwise.
Bind namespace URIs to a map of namespace URIs.
Binds a prefix to a namespace uri.
Remove a prefix from the context.
Returns true if the given string has an opening tag false otherwise.
Removes tokens from the line that are not between start_ and end_ comment.
Returns the next token from the line or null if there is no such token.
Returns the index of the specified token in the line or the index of the line itself if
Configure logging.
Start the mapping for a namespace URI.
Add an iterator to the end of the iterator list.
Add an option to this option list.
Add a string option.
Add an integer option.
Add a long option.
Add a double option.
Add a boolean option.
Parse an options object from an array of strings.
creates a new instance of a class.
Call after access.
Set the target object.
Prepare the object.
Finds a matching method for the argument types.
Converts an integer to a string using the specified number of digits as keys and shift as
Serializes an object to a byte array.
Deserializes an array of bytes to an object.
Get the child element with the given tag name.
Get the child element value with the tag name of the given element.
Get a list of all the child elements of the given element.
Return true if the node s local name matches the desired name.
Return true if the node s local name matches a collection of desired names.
Set the length of a string.
A convenience method to monitor the status of an object.
Adds a new entry to the static factory.
keepmonitoringthreadalive.
Calculates a JSON string from a url string.
Start a new prefix mapping with the given namespace. If the prefix is null then the namespace
End a namespace prefix mapping.
Add a callback.
create a new treenode and return the root node.
Returns the scroll color of a specific item.
Set the charsequence values.
Returns the color of the item at the specified position.
Sets the text size of the view.
Returns the itemwidth of the item where x is less than num_. If x is
Converts the contents of the resource to a string and writes it to the output file.
Returns a copy of the names of the strings in this file.
Gets the keyword arguments for the specified string.
Get the keyworddocumentation for the given keyword.
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Stop the server and wait for it to shut down.
Start the server.
Convert the properties file specified by the supplied path to a JSON string.
Read a properties file and convert it to a JSON string.
Convert a property file inputstream to a json string
Convert properties to a JSON string.
Convert properties to a JSON string.
convert fromvaluesasobjectmap to objectjsontype
Convert a map of key - value pairs to a string with the included values from the included
Convert properties to a JSON string.
Returns the radius of the specified circle or the maximum radius if no radius is specified.
Returns a builder that uses an apacheocsp fetcher implementation.
Returns the issuer of the given certificate.
The actual implementation of this method.
Makes sure the string is a valid Markdown file in the directory tree. If not
Substitutes a string with a list of variables.
Get the title of the line.
Addtitletohtmlfile.
Replaces the variables in the initialcontent with the new content.
Updates the string with the information from the html string.
Copies files from the specified directory to the specified directory.
Check the path against the host path.
Wraps the content of the given child view with the given index.
Fade up the element for the given duration.
The method is used to mark the duration of the method as f inactive for a given period
Calculates the percentage of the area in the specified width.
If the width of the view is equal to mwidth then this method will do nothing.
Create an intent that will launch the specified activity class with the specified bundle.
Launches an activity.
Get a response to a factsheetlist.
Download a file from the given response
Build the http client.
Create an accesscontrolentity response.
Update a datamodel.
Create a newfullexport job response.
Set the host of the OAuth 2 token provider to the given host.
Sets the clientid and clientsecret for this instance.
Create a graphqlresult object from a graphqlrequest object.
Get the list ofbookmarks associated with the groupkey and sharingtype.
Add permissions to a graph.
Writes permissions for a graph.
Add a list of sparql rulesets to the graph.
Closes the write buffer and the client.
Sets the limit and offset for a given query and executes it. If no limit is set
Create a new date - time graph based on the input parameters.
Limit all operations to the specified number of threads.
Resize the string.
Rotates the string by the specified amount.
Set the gravity value.
The stripprofiles.
Set the font with the specified style size and color.
Adds a source image to this task.
Add an image to this task.
Returns a list of strings from the given target object with all the property descriptors as keys and
Display usage for an object.
Extract timeunit from string.
Parses the given object s properties and calls the appropriate methods to process the arguments.
execute the url with the current context
Convenience method to call the tourl extension of the given file.
Reads the slide file and returns the results as a list of actions.
Sorts a list of rectangle by size.
Renders a string with all the parameters
Returns theslidexmlrel file with the given filename.
Returns true if the specified event is in range.
Finds all the elements that overlap with the given element.
Execute the outbound operation.
Execute the outbound operation.
Return the file with the specified name or throw a resourcenotfoundexception if
Extracts theorcreatetempd Directory from the command line.
Returns a log valuemap for the given key - value pairs.
Log a message at the trace level.
Log a message at trace level.
Log a message at debug level.
Log a message at debug level.
Log a message at info level.
Log a message at INFO level.
Record an info message with data key1 datakey2 datavalue1 and datavalue2
Log a warning message.
Log a warning message with default level.
Log a message at the error level.
Log a message at the error level.
before str_.
Start a stenow with an event and a jsongenerator object.
Writes a list of object field values to a jsongenerator
serializes the object mapper to a JSON object.
Converts the object to a log value.
Retrieves the caller data for a logging event.
Create a newatabase with the specified data duration.
Checks to see if the arrayposition is valid and if so removes it from the positions
Converts the specified cell into a string using the specified map of strings and the specified save
Use this method to evaluate a savedatatatoocurrent context.
Refresh a sheet from a context.
Method to parse attr string from input string.
Gets the string attribute list from the given row.
Extracts a string from a cell in a list.
Sets the value of a cell in a row to null. The missing cell value will be
Set the save attrs for a sheet.
Set the save as values for a specific row.
Prepares the datacontext for a cell and returns the save attribute string for the cell.
Returns a string representation of the specified number.
Add a configurationrange attrs and a unitrowsmapping to the shiftmap.
Set the XSSF workbook.
Returns the xssf evaluationworkbook.
Returns the entry point Evaluator for this entry point. If the entry point does not exist
Recompute the maximum number of columns in the sheet configuration map.
Load a websheet from an inputstream.
Load the specified workbook.
Get the index of the specified tab. If the tab does not exist the default index is
Export the contents of the file.
Save the current instance.
Sets the value of the submit button.
Populate a component.
Get the sheet configuration for the current tab.
Reads an object from the inputstream. If an ioexception occurs while reading the object
Returns the locale for the given component or the default locale if no locale is defined for the
If the current phase is the render - response then this will return the streamed content.
Returns the cell helper for this node. If this node has no parent it is created.
Gets the pichelper.
Get the validationhandler.
Gets the charthelper.
Convert the shared formulas in ptgs to a shiftformularef.
Converts a ptg object to shiftformularef.
Convert ptg forwatchlist.
Returns a new single ptg with the specified number of responders and the specified formul
Get a list of serialrows from the current row mapping.
Returns the list of all serialrows from the current list if the current list is not empty
Create a new serialrow for a refptgbase.
Returns the x color for a ct plot.
Generates a x color with the themestable and the specified flag.
Find the color that will be used for a fill.
Generate x - color with themestable schema.
Returns the x - color of the string.
Generate an x color with the themestable fill.
Creates a new xssfclrtocps color from a given xssf color
Get the rgb values from xssf color.
Get the highlight color from a cell style. If the poicell is a hss
Finds component name from class.
Populates the attributes of the specified facescell with the default control map.
Return the type of the first parameter of the method with the specified name. Returns null if
Set a property of an object to a specific value.
Returns the value of a property of an object.
Sets the control attributes for the given poicell and cell.
Returns a list of cellvalidate attributes for the specified cell.
This method is used to setup the facescell and cell values if the parent sheet has
Add the facescell s data to the sheet1 with the specified cell and chartid
Sets the fields of the facescell fcell cell and cell with the specified value.
This method is used to initialize a xssfworkbook with the data from the parent
Gets chart series label from chartdata.
Set the style of a series.
Create a Jfree3d Drawer for a given chartdata object.
Setup the barstyle.
Initializes the xssf workbook with the specified chart data.
Get the sheetid from its parent.
Initialize Xssfanchorsmap chart.
Generates a single xssfRule for the specified chart.
Transform a collection object.
Gets the string value of the cell from the row.
Rebuilds all cells in the specified cell with the specified action.
Set up the cellular data and the cellular data from the row of the table.
Adds the specified cell to the sheet using the specified formula for the shiftformulare
Get all rows mapping for a specific string.
Change index number in shiftmap.
Change thefinall Element of a string with the added string and the increased length.
Change the index number of the last step.
Set the rankinhiddencol data cell for the specified row.
Returns the number of non - zero non - zero non - zero non - zero non -
Set the original row num inhiddencol write cell with missing cellpolicy.
Create a list of rows mapping from the specified parts and the specified map.
Find all child rows mapping for a string.
Returns the object at the specified index in the specified collection or null if the index is out
Builds a configrange from a source configrange and a sheet at a given insertposition
Returns true if the rowindex is greater than or equal to the first row in the source
Checks to see if a row is a static row for a command.
Replace expression with cell value.
Index the cellrangeaddress of a sheet.
Returns a list of strings representing the skippedregion of the specified sheet.
Adds to the skipcelllist for the cellrangeaddress to the
Add comment from alias to sheet
Adds a comment to the specified cell using the pattern of the cell to the comment.
Builds a hash map of string to sheetconfiguration.
Returns the sheet configuration for the specified sheet.
Builds the form command from the sheet configuration.
Verify that the last cell of a row is non - blank and that it contains a non
Build the sheet.
Check andrepairlastrow.
Build commandlist from sheet comment.
Add the specified child command to the specified list.
Returns true if the command is haseach commandinthelist.
Match command to sheetconfigform.
Copies the template sheet to the sheet specified by the argument.
Build the command list.
Process a line for a method.
Processes a command line and creates the config command if it does not already exist.
Move the comment to the new cell.
Create a config command.
Builds a map of command attributes.
Extract the sheet configuration from the sheet configuration.
Set the sheet configuration for a sheet.
Set the body of the sheet configuration.
Set the header of the sheet configuration.
Delete the last collection and command at the same time.
Removes the specified list of strings from the specified shift map.
Find theremovefulln string in the specified row range.
Gets the each - command from the command index map with the full command name prefix.
Create a new empty object in the context.
Delete object in context.
Adds items from a string array to a data context.
Adds a command to the indexmap for all the commands in the sourceconfigrange.
Is row allow add boolean.
Insert each template into the current row of the source configrange.
Evaluates the specified cell using the specified context and expression engine. If the expression engine
Evaluates the user defined cell with the given string value.
Returns true if the specified string is user - mode i. e. the same as the
Create a new comment for a cell with the given comment map.
Evaluates the boolexpression of the script.
Removes all cached cells from rowindexstart and rowindexend so that the specified map
Removes the specified row from the sheet by rowindexstart.
Remove cached cell for row.
Removes the specified number of rows from the specified bodyrows and adds them to the specified
Load the picture at the specified row and col index.
Load the chart with the specified row and col index.
Converts the value to a date if possible. If the value is a date the date
Returns the specified poicell s value with the specified format.
Returns the specified poicell s cell value without the specified format.
Returns the string value of the cell with the specified type from the specified poicell.
Returns a string representation of the specified cell s value including the date type and the toplain
Set the value of a cell.
Sets the cell values of a cell in a string type.
Sets the cell value of a cell to the specified boolean value.
Sets the value of a cell c to the specified string date.
Sets the value of a cell to a numeric value.
Copy rows from srcsheet to destsheet.
Copy sheet to another sheet.
Copies a cell in a sheet.
Copy the value of a cell to a new cell.
Copy the style of a cell from source cell to new cell.
Add a cell to a clonon sheet
Create a client anchor with the specified number of columns and rows.
Create orinsert the comment of a cell in a xssf sheet.
Match comment settings between two cells.
Get the xssfvmldrawing part of a cell.
Returns theCTshapefromvml shape of the specified cell and sourcevml
Get the cell style from source cell of destination sheet.
Converts a cell to a sheet configuration.
Returns the row and column index of the target component s attributes.
Get the number of initialrows from the sheet configuration.
Gets the facesrow from the bodyrow.
Create an facescell from a list of bodyrows.
Gets thepoicell cell from the sheet.
Gets a key from a poicell.
Lazily creates a tiecell in the table with the specified poicell and
Get the current datacontextname.
Evaluate an expression in the context object.
Evaluate the expression with the given context object.
Write an object to the output stream.
Removes a serialrow to a target row.
Add serialrow mappings to the addmap.
Recovers the values of a sheet.
Returns the chart type of the specified chart.
Create a basic stroke with the specified style.
Initialize a chartdata object from a xssfRule chart.
Set the chartdata object and create a chart object from the provided chartdata object.
This method initialises the xssfanchorsmap for the specified XSSF work
Initialize the xssfanchorsmap for a sheet.
Attempts to get the pid of the ct anchor from the graphicframe and its child
Return the str_ representation of the attributes of a named node.
Add objects to the table.
Saves the specified string in the specified cell. If the poicell has already been
Recompute result.
Returns thepoicell with the specified row and col from the specified tab.
Return the facescell with the specified row and col index from current page.
Restore the current datacontext from the given string.
Returns the last collected object from the specified string.
Makes sure that parts are not null and have at least num_ characters.
Create a new collectionobject with the full command and its datacontext.
Change the address of the shift row.
Set the address of the first row.
Method setlastrow plusref.
Adds a string to a row and all of the strings in the table.
Evaluate a single cell if the type of the cell is formula.
readobject Method.
Build the categorylist.
Builds a list of chart series from a list of objects and themestable objects.
Build a list of chart series.
Returns a list of x colors for each cell from the dptlist with the themest
Get a dpt from a list with a specific index.
Set the command index map.
Retrieves the xssfpictruesmap from the given workbook.
Get all xssfpictruesmap from the specified xssfpictuesbook
Index a xssfsheet in the map.
Returns a string representation of this cell with the client anchor set to true for the specified f
Generate a string to be used as a client anchor for a string in a sheet.
Gets the pattern.
This method returns the streamed content for the current phase.
Recovers the cell of the current cell from the supplied sheet.
Get the style of a poicell table cell. If the poicell table cell
Get the font style of a cell.
Get the cell font color.
Gets the font decoration for a cell with the specified font.
Get the style for the given cell and input type.
Create the columnstyle string from the given cell and the given poicell and row height
Returns the text style for the specified poicell from the specified cell style.
Gets the vertical label from the cell style.
Calculate the total height of a sheet.
Sets the cellstyle attribute of the given cell from the given document. If the cell style
Returns the input type of the specified cell.
Returns a list of resource paths for the specified resource.
Returns the inputstream for the resource at the given path.
Removes the prefixpath from a resource string.
eval input type boolean.
Retrieve the bean with the specified name from the application context.
Joins an array of shorts to a string.
Rounds a value to a specified number of places.
Get the tab type.
Get the style of the tab.
Returns the default date pattern.
Returns a string representation of this string with the specified decimal format replaced by the specified default locale
Returns thethousand separator of this string according to the default locale.
Set the typetoken aliaslist.
Build the formwatchlist.
Builds a watchlist for a given cell.
Add the addrow to the watchlist if it is not already in the list.
Checks if is command string.
Parse the given widget attributes from the given cell.
Gets attributekeyinmapbycell.
Adds the new comment to the cell attributes map.
Finds the index of the bracket at the specified position in the specified string.
Parse command attributes.
Parses the input attributes.
Parses the specified string and sets the specified validation attributes for the specified class.
Split the attribute value into a list of strings.
Adds special attributes to a list of inputs for a given type.
Add a new date pattern attribute to the cell attributes map.
Sets the selectitems attributes for a selectitem.
Generate the special attributes for the specified cell format.
Checks if a new comment is valid and if so adds it to the sheet comment map
Returns the index of the first non - cell name position of the given string or - 1
Remove chars from string.
Generate a string representation of a pnumber column
Converts a string column name to an int.
Returns the cell with the specified reference from the specified sheet.
Converts a height units to a height units.
Returns true if the given string is a date within the current year.
Returns the parsedate of the specified string.
Checks if the specified string is numeric.
Returns whether a char should continue a parameter.
Set a property of an object to a string.
Compares two cells and returns the number of columns - 1 if they are the same.
Returns true if the specified child configrange contains the specified parent configrange ; false otherwise.
Delete all columns from the sheet.
Delete the hidden row from the row that contains the given row.
Removes the specified cell from the specified row.
Log a system event at the info level.
Refresh the cell after status changed.
Validates that the specified row and col are in the current page.
Do the validation of a cell in a given poicell.
Checks the error message for the given poicell in the sheet configuration and updates the
Validate all rules for a single cell.
Perform validation of attribute value.
Validate the cell of a given uicomponent.
Check to see if the current page is valid.
Check if the current tab name is valid and if so update the current sheet configuration.
Checks to see if the specified row index is valid for the current sheet configuration.
Refreshes the current page of the rendered page.
Refresh a cell in the specified table with the specified row indices.
Set submitmode in view.
Called before validation for the current tab.
Clears all cached attributes.
Load the headerrows for a given sheet configuration.
Load the header row without configuration tab.
Adds to the list of headercell objects to the list of headercell objects.
Get the style of the header column of the given cell.
Gets the style of the cell.
Get the column width style.
Initialize the tabmodel.
Call this method to get the serialdatacontext from the parent context.
refresh the data for a particular row
Refresh the data for a cell.
Returns the index of the tab with the specified name.
Load a worksheet.
Prepare the workshee for the specified tab.
Sets the first component to the specified value.
Set up a new row info object for the specified sheet.
Load the bodyrows from the sheet configuration.
Refresh a cell in the specified cell. If the cell type is formula and the formula is
Perform the refresh cell operation.
Create the dynamic columns for the specified tab.
Add a row to the sheet configuration map.
Refresh the bodyrowsinrange of the specified sheet.
Set whether or not the status of the tab was un which means that the page was updated
Returns the current status of the system as a boolean indicating whether or not the application is un
Returns the most specific specific constructor for the given type.
Writes an inputstream to an outputstream.
Writes the given long value to the specified writer.
Writes a string to the given writer.
Convert a tag to atrafficStatstag.
Add a bitmap to the result.
Adds a file descriptor to a binary data structure.
Remove the parameter with the given name.
Add a header.
Clear the content of this response.
Start the streaming play service.
Bind service.
Unbind the service.
Caller must hold lock on this object.
The remote inputstream is not an image but an image. The local inputstream is an
Transfers inputstream to outputstream and returns result as a string.
Return a string representation of the inputstream using the bufferspool to build the resulting string.
Send data to the output stream.
Return the number of bytes available to read from the input stream.
Close the inputstream and release the local buffer to the pool.
Read an int from the stream.
Resets this object so that it can be used again.
Send the start of the line to the outputstream.
Send the header to the output stream.
Send the header with content type and charset to the output stream.
Send the transfer encoding header to the specified outputstream.
Send the end of header.
Send end.
Sends parts to the outputstream.
Get the length of parts.
Returns true if the URI is a redirect ; false otherwise.
Sends a not modified header to the client.
Set the date header for the HTTP response.
Set the date and cache headers from the http response.
Set the content - type header for the given file.
Writes a closeon message to the given channel.
Write the file_name_bytes and file_name_bytes to the outputstream.
Send data to the log.
Install the cache with the specified version.
Makes sure that the current working directory exists and exists. If the directory does not exist
Get a cache entry from the cache.
Create a new inputstream from a snapshot.
Resets the bitmap.
Get the instance for a given keystore and password. If the keystore does not exist a new
Validates a keystore with the specified password.
Set the block layout type to the specified type.
Gets a pending exchange from the specified request builder with the specified flags.
Disconnects a URL connection.
Bind the serviceobject to the context
Unbind the interface.
Notifies the listeners about changes in the view.
Overrides the channel open method to handle the channel state event.
Override this method if you want to customise your own respon existant data.
Resets the loading process.
Wait forloader.
Set the text to display when the view is visible.
hidden softinput from view.
Show the input of the view.
This method is used to get the information about the softinput from the view.
Computes the density independent pixel swiping.
This method is called when an exception occurs.
Remove the image from the cache.
Populate view with image from url.
CancelTageloading for the current thread.
Create an image consumer for the given view.
Sets an image consumer for an imageresult result.
Set the image consumer that will be used to download the image.
Start the imageloadertask.
Adds a bitmap to the cache.
Releases a buffer to the pool.
On url connection set properties.
Add a simple parameter.
Connects to the server with a work around.
Return the MD5 checksum of the specified string.
Returns the string at the given index.
Returns the string with the given index.
Checks whether the given result is valid and throws a cudaexception if not.
Check the status of a cublas process.
Adds a given lexRule id to the list of words in this space.
Adds a ending to this model.
Returns the best estimate of all attribute values for this attributevalue for the specified wordform.
Print the long description of this token and all of its attributes.
Used to verify and set the attribute value of an attribute in a string builder.
Returns a new string with the str_ element replaced with str_. If str_ is
Retrieve metric data.
Returns the query string.
Create a list of metricdata objects from a jsonnode.
parseinfo returns a list of appinfo objects from a JSON string
Create a new connectionconfig object from the current properties.
Create a list of datapoints from a list of apps.
Returns a new genericodereader instance.
Returns a new genericodereader instance.
Returns a genericodereader instance for the columnsetdocument class.
Returns a genericodereader instance.
Returns a new genericodereader instance.
Returns a genericodereader instance for the columnsetdocument class.
Returns the id of the specified column.
Get the simple value of a row
Get the column of the columnset with the provided id
Get all keyids from a collection.
Get the key of a given id
Is key column boolean.
Create a column with non - null values.
Create a new key.
Set the nlinestoskip value.
Adds a column to the model.
Returns a genericodewriter instance for the given codelistdocument.
Gets the genericodewriter instance.
Returns a genericodewriter instance for the columnset.
Create a genericodewriter instance.
Returns a genericodewriter instance for a generic codelistset.
Returns a genericodewriter instance for the columnset.
non - null non - null.
Returns a new gener04Validator instance.
non - null column set.
non - null non - null.
Returns a new genericode validator.
non - null columnset.
Send a JSON answer to the server.
Set the context.
Get the current log level of the thread pool.
Get the status of the thread pool.
Set the maximum logstore size to use.
Prepend the metadata string with str_.
Append the additional metadata to the stack metadata object
Create a jsonobject with the given parameters.
Sets the user identity.
Returns the byte array of the given file.
Checks to see if the self permission is granted to start location. If so the location
Takes in a region and computes a partitioned region.
Takes the primary dataset and number of regions and dumpsizes them into a single region.
Sizerepatedorlocalregion the specified region.
Read a snapshotrecord from the file.
Dumps the current timestamp to the given printwriter stream.
Get the timevaluessConstraint for a given index.
Converts a chart file to a chart type.
Return the pool for a given server.
Get the pool for the locatorspool and create it if it does not already exist.
Checks if a region name has a jmx pattern and if so adds the pattern to the
Return a membermxbean object.
Return a collection of all the hosts in the specified jmx object.
Lookup a network host.
If the data is a throwable then send it to the resultsender. If the data is
Wrap the execution with the function and throw a runtimeexception if an exception occurs.
Flatten a collection of objects.
Wraps the specified queryobj with a collection of objects.
Wraps an consumer for after an entry is received.
Factory method for after delete.
Handles exception handling.
Returns the onregionfilterkey array.
Override this method to override the execution of the resultsender.
Return a list of all the objects in the system.
and str_ will be null if str_ is null. If str_ is not null
Returns the appname of the specified resources.
Create the security properties.
Returns the region with the specified name.
Return the region with the specified name. If no region with the specified name exists return null
Constructs the missing values from the source map and the target map.
Returns whether or not the timestamp at the given index must be inserted at the given tsat
Close the resource.
Liefert die Anzahl der Nachricht gegebenen
The main entry point for this class.
Tears down and returns the Jmx object that the client was connected to.
Stops the specified hostname and returns the status of the object to which it was started.
Shuts down a member.
Return an array with all members shut down.
Shuts down aredundancyzone.
Returns a list of strings with pagekeys and pagekeys as the keys in the list.
Read resultsbypage.
Imports a region.
Checks if locators and locatorhost match the specified locators.
Override this method to execute a region.
Build a hashmap for a region of the serializable object.
Returns the value of the specified column of the specified object.
Gets the ist type of the specified typem set.
This method serializes an object to a byte array.
Deserialize a byte array.
Instantiates an instance of the given class.
Check if element is a hashable id.
Check for fields.
Check for supertype.
Converts the internal representation of this object to a string and writes it to the specified writer
get_id_ function is used to get the unique identifier. The identifier is stored in
Returns an observable containing the results of the query.
Check the columnname of this table object.
Returns the default string if the given string is null or empty.
Returns a copy of the given string with the first character converted to upper case.
Returns true if the typem definition is a real type ; false otherwise.
Adds the string as descending to the query.
Reads the devicefile from the file system and returns the number of bytes read.
Returns the value for the given type.
Sends an error message.
Returns a list of all the icon font s.
Returns a list of all icon codes.
Gets the content of the element as background.
Raises a number to a power of 2.
Set this matrix to a new array of values.
Converts a double value to a double value with the specified power and scale.
The root of an integer using the specified index and scale.
Exptaylor static version.
Liefert die Klasse ausgegeben.
Levenshtein s implementation of Levenshtein s algorithm.
Converts a value to a complex number representation.
This method is used to calculate the Euclidean power and term of a big decimal.
Returns the big decimal sqrt of the specified value.
Prints the pistring to the system s out.
Sets the timestamp for the given time.
Set the width and height of this rectangle to the given minimum and maximum.
Puts a float value into the cache.
Prints the current state of the model to the console.
Add another complex to this complex number.
Subtracts a complex value from this value.
Multiply this value by a complex value.
Divide this complex value by another.
Sets the values of this matrix to the same values of the specified matrix.
Get a row vector.
Get a column vector from the matrix.
Set this matrix to a 2D array of values.
Returns the transpose of this matrix.
Add a matrix to this matrix.
Subtract a matrix from this matrix.
Multiply this matrix by a constant.
Multiply this matrix by another matrix.
Print all theavalues of the systemoutright to the specified width.
Set the resource as an image.
Ensures that the coefficients are valid.
Computes and sets the stack trace of the function at the beginning of the stack trace
Clear the cache.
Converts a styled layer descriptor to an XML document.
Convert a sld to a styled layer descriptor.
Validate the file against styledLayer descriptor.
Validate the XML for a raw sld.
Returns the area of the specified area of the specified region.
Sets this matrix to a new matrix.
Sets this matrix to a 2D array of values.
Returns the matrix inverse of this matrix.
Return the determinant of this matrix.
Computes the norm of this matrix.
Solves a column vector b and store it in the current column vector b.
Decomposes the provided matrix and prints it to the specified printstream.
For forwardelimination we don t need to check the matrix already in place.
The method to vector the substitution of a column vector.
vector backsubstitution to a column vector.
improve vector x into column vector b
Converts an square matrix to a square matrix.
Returns the next vonne human readable value.
Override this method if you want to override the configuration.
Compute the effective position of the font at the current font position.
Check the position of the expression. If the expression is not the same as the position of
computes the bounds of the font at the current font position.
Checks to see if the function at the specified point is valid.
Add the given addend to the end.
Multiply the elements of an int by a power of two.
Raises an integer to a power of m
Override this method if you want to override the configuration.
Gets the sldmanager.
Converts a long to a char array.
Decompose the parameter array with the specified parameters.
Prints the contents of this object to the specified printstream.
Validates that the biased value is within the bounds of the input str_ + i
Validate that the input int is a float
Validate the biased value of the str_.
Compares the current str_ and the number of elements in the input double_ data and
Moves the cursor to the next non - empty float value.
Returns the next Polar position in the graph.
Do not call this method directly. It s only public so that it can be accessed by
Returns a boolean array with length at least num_ elements > = the length of the array
Convenient function for computing a factor sof.
Override this method if you want to override the configuration.
Computes and computes the bounds of the font at the current font position.
Checks that the position of the expression is the same as the position of the previous expression
Set thefx application to be used when running the application.
Set the configuration.
Read configuration from file. Defaultconfig is the empty string.
Inits the given EJB loader with the given target class location charset and resources.
Sets the latitude and longitude of the location of the string represented by this coordinates object.
Gets the hostport pair of the service.
Retrieves a list of attributedefinitions with the specified uuid.
Evaluates the specified list of attributedefinitions with the specified attributes.
Squashes the given string for use in a WonderPush.
Sets the geocodere entry address.
Query for names.
Get the collection of serviceinstance for a given name
Get all - to - person collaboration.
Generate a string buffer with the metadataprefixparam min maxparam step factorparam and prefixparam
Generates a new user with the specified parameters.
Get all users info.
Get the gravatar for the specified email address and size param.
Get the Gravatar for a user
Populate a jsonobject with a list of field values
Returns the type of the field.
Create a flow step.
Update the flow step.
Get flow step by id.
Gets a flow step.
Gets the flowste), flowparam.
Delete a flow step.
Forceeletef low step.
Returns a list of form with the field objects to be included in the populat l
Start a new thread to close the database.
Override handleMessage to handle custom messages.
Sets whether the connection is closed or not.
Return a list of strings from the returnvalue
Returns a list of personal items that are related to the current logged in user.
Create a new tablerecord.
Delete a form container.
Gets the formflowhResolveddata.
Return the list of formh data for a given form.
Used to get the most recent formandfieldh multi - valued form container.
Obtain the lock container for the given form and jobview parameters.
Remove the specified form parameter.
Unlock a form container with user usertounlockasparam and removefrom
Create a new form and add it to the map.
Used to convert rolelisting strings to role objects.
Create a form.
Updates the given form definition.
Return the form definition with the given ID.
Get a form definition by name.
Returns all - by - name form for all - by - name or for all - by
Delete a form definition.
Generate a storagekey from the parameters.
Initialize x memcachedclient.
Shuts down the memcached client.
Returns the tolerance of a string if it is non - zero otherwise returns - num_.
convertdocumenttopdf returns the topdf of the document with the specified parameters.
Get the field values for a given formidparam and a list of formstofetch
Create a flow steprule.
Create a flow steprule.
Create a flow steprule.
Update flow steprule.
Update flow steprule.
Update flow steprule.
Move a flow steprule to another location.
Move a flow steprule entry to another location.
Delete flow steprule.
Delete flow step.
Adds a flow step with the given flow step rule as parameter to the current flow step
Create a new instance of auth encrypteddata.
get all userquery to get info for the current version
Return a rolelisting object with all roles.
Use this method to get the refernce string with the current version of the refern
Create a field with a string field metadata.
Create a new field.
Create a new field with the specified parameters.
Create a field with the specified parameters.
Create a field table.
Update a field.
Update a field.
Update a field.
Update a field.
Update a field.
Gets the field with the specified name.
Gets the fields with the specified formnameparam and editonlyfieldsparam.
Get the fields for a specific formtypeid and optionally editonlyfields.
Adds a new field to this post json object.
Set the field forcedelet ticket.
Returns a string representation of the metadata field of a given form definition.
Update a field value.
Get or create index.
Create a flow.
Update flow.
Get a flow by id.
Get a flow by name.
Delete a flow.
Update the flow.
Updates the globalfieldvalue of a field.
Returns a list of all global field values.
Returns a map with the form definition id as the key and the form definition string as the
Decryptdataparam ivparam seedparam
Close and clean up.
Create a new random string and send it to the client.
Method to get the verbose string for the exception message handler.
Create a new admin user.
Obtain a clientken with the specified codeparam and redirecturlparam.
Retrieve the normalized userprofile information.
Execute json.
Generate the executeform for a given http method and a list of headernamevalue objects.
get json responsehandler.
Returns true if the connection is connectionvalid.
get closeablehttpclient returns the closeablehttpclient if one was set.
Gets the path to a file or null if the system property is not set.
Closes the connection to the database.
Get flowitems for a jobview.
Send a form to a flow item.
Closes the session.
Process a message.
Send a message to the client
Send a message to the remote endpoint.
Close the current session.
Returns the list of executenativesqlquery results for a given nativesqlquery parameter
Requestlicense.
Apply a license to an existing licensere setting.
Create a field with text plain content.
Create a field with paragraphtext plain information.
Create a field with paragraphtexthtml content.
add a new field to the multipleScore section of the multipleScore section.
Create a new fielddatetimedate field.
Updates the text plain version of a field.
Updates the paragraphtexthtml attribute of the field.
Updatefielddatetimedateandtime.
Updates the field with the specified plain version.
Updates the field value.
Create a field with the specified value.
Get configuration by key.
Gets the all configurations.
Adds an attachment to the attachment map.
Get by id.
Delete attachment.
Forceelete attachment.
Parses the jarfile.
Set the classloader for this thread.
Enforces a parsingexception if the current element is not a schema schema element.
rule3 - ensure name is not null
Obtains an exception if the element is not a valid element in the schema.
Returns the first child node of the given string.
Checks that the current state of the schema has a key in the attributes map.
Throws an exception if the schema doesn t contain the ref_tag key.
Converts an object to the specified type. If the object is assignable from an iterable
Creates a cli interface for the specified class.
Creates a new cli instance with the specified options.
Returns an instance of the specified class with the specified arguments.
Creates an instance with the specified options and the specified strings as arguments.
Add the path to the URL builder.
Method to removef footerview
Returns the nomodule value of the line at the specified position p.
Returns an int3d value for a 3d point.
Computes the 3D location of a 3D point.
Returns the value smoothed by a cubic binder of a 3x3 matrix.
Computes the scurve5 function of the specified data point.
Set the bounds of the current string to the new string.
Processes a cloudtraile event.
Processes an event.
Gets the accountid for a cloudtraile event.
Return true if the specified violation entity matches this rule.
Method to get event serializer for a gzip inputstream.
Create a file with the given filename.
Returns the file with the given name as a directory.
Restore all property values to its original values.
Returns a new HashMap where the key is the delegate key and the value is the delegate value
Adds an object to the cache.
Set a string property.
Get array of strings.
Returns the next state for the specified action.
Processes the queue of comparables.
Returns the value of the given type.
Gets the parameterized type of the given type.
Gets the typevariable for a given type.
Prints a stack trace to the given printstream.
Prints the stacktrace to the specified print writer.
Replaces the remote object with the specified object.
This method is run by the framework once it has been started.
Sets the current execution time of a task.
Checks if the task was accepted.
return true if the task was rejected false if the task was rejected due to a runtime exception
Get the boolean indicating whether the task has started.
Is the task completed.
Stops the current task and returns whether the task was stopped or not.
Returns the jobimpl.
Set the current job item to the job item.
Returns the blocking mode of the specified string or null if the string is not a blocking mode
object - > readfile - > readfile - > readfile - > readfile
Copy all the readers from a catalog to a new catalog.
Create a new catalog.
The loadystem method is used to load a single catalog file from the catalogmanager. The
parse catalog from aurl.
Called to parse the current catalog files.
Attempts to parse a single catalog file.
Print a message indicating that the specified vector is < = num_.
Resolve the string entityname publicid and systemid to the entityname and publicid.
Returns a string representation of the original input that has been resolved.
Resolves a system id.
Resolves a single uri.
Make a url for the specified system id.
Normalize the URI.
Converts an integer to a hex string and adds a touppercase character to the
Adds a delegate entry to this catalog.
Create a new softvalueref.
Notifies all listeners of the given type of the given throwable.
Add a throwable to the list
Creates a new list from the current state of the delegate list.
Compares this object to the specified object and returns the number of times the specified object was
Return the current object s text.
Gets the object at the given index.
Sets an object at the specified index.
Counts the number of items in the queue and removes them from the list.
Adds an entry type and number of args.
Returns the type of an entry.
Get the number of arguments of a given type.
Returns the argument with the given number or null if there is no argument.
Sets the context classloader of the specified thread.
Swaps the specified positions.
This method is used to remov ownership of a block from another process.
Cleans up the target field of the timeout
Loads the class with the given name.
Preload the protocol data.
Create a urlstreamhandler with a given protocol.
Checks to see if handler process has changed.
Return the current thread s class name.
Creates a hash set.
Returns a new longcounter which is synchronized with the specified counter.
Decrements and returns the current serialversionuid of the long counter. If the counter
Determines whether or not the current namespacestack element is in the extension namespace
Check the given result.
Get an object instance by name and context.
Replace the given string in the given buffer with the given string.
Splits the given string on the given delimiter and returns the array of strings after the specified
Joins an array of bytes into a string.
Defaulttostring to a string builder.
Returns the current state of the object. If the object is in blocking mode it will be
Creates a new HashMap with the current time zone as the time - zone. The HashMap is
Get the object associated with the specified key.
Returns the object with the specified key or null if there is no such object.
Removes an entry from the map.
Flushes the state of the thread.
Returns a list with all keys which are current.
Set the resolution of the thread.
Returns the entry with the specified key in this map or null if there is no such entry
Gets the children of the element whose tag name matches the given tag name.
Get the good child with the given tag name.
Returns the child element of the element with the given namespace. If the element isn t present
Return the content of an element.
Get the content of a unique child element.
Get the content of a child element.
Set the maximum size of the queue.
Set the name of the blocking mode.
Set the blocking mode string.
poolfullexception of a wrapper.
Resolves a externalsystem.
Resolves a publicid using the specified resolver.
Do a query for the specified command
Appends a vector to another vector.
Resolves allsystemDirectives for the given systemid.
Resolve a single system identifier.
Resolves the alllocalsystem for the given system id.
Read a catalog from a file URL.
Reads catalog information from the catalog file.
Connect to the filenotfoundexception.
Returns the outputstream.
helpdelete f in b if f is the next node of b and f is
Returns the valid value of this header or null if this is not a valid header.
Returns a snapshot entry with the key as the key and the value as the value. If
Retrieves the logger for the current thread. If the class does not exist it will be
Converts a collection of objects to a string builder and appends it to a buffer.
Returns the short name of the class.
This method is used to generate a random string. It is used to generate a random string
Returns an iterator over the security manager s properties.
Get the propertygroup with the specified basename.
Returns the same constructor as the specified class.
Makes a deep copy of an object.
Derefer a value from an object to an expected value.
This method initialises the HashMap with the values of the provider URL and the initial context factory
Update the jndicache for the specified name and value.
Returns a keyset that is the same as this keyset except that the defaults are included
Returns a hashset containing all of the entries in this set except for the defaults. If
Remove a property listener.
Notifies all listeners that a property was added to the list.
Fires a property removed event.
Fires a propertychanged event for every property in the list.
Fires a property changed event.
Returns the property name of the given base name with the given prefix.
Load properties from a property reader.
Load a property string from a property file.
Get a propertygroup by basename and index.
Returns true if the token is an entityresolved ; false otherwise.
Resolves a system identifier.
Resolve the systemid as a URL.
Resolve the classpath name.
Set the text content of theastext element.
Normalizes the input string by replacing str_ with str_ and trims the input string
Converts the publicid to thisid and replaces str_ with str_.
Decodeurn to string and return the publicid.
Returns a string with the old string replaced with the new string.
Starts the timer.
Stop the timer.
Create a wrapper around a stopwatch.
Returns the hashcode of the given object and compare to the hashcode of the given object.
Returns a hashcode of the specified array of bytes.
Generate a hashcode for an array.
Create a new empty map and configure it.
Sets the value of the field.
Return the next token from the token stack.
Initialize the date formats.
Adds a vertex to the verticies list.
Set the root vertex of this verticies object.
Remove a vertex.
Start a depth - first search at a graph starting at a given vertex.
A variant of the dfsspanningtree method.
Searches for a vertex with the specified data and compare it with the number of vertic
Returns an array of all cycles in the graph.
Normalize a string.
Parse a string as XML element.
Parse an XML document and return the root element.
Parse the given inputsource and return the root element.
Create an element with the given string.
Returns the qualified name of the given element or a new element with the given qualified name.
Copy attributes from one element to another.
Returns true if the given node has child elements.
Returns an iterator of all child elements of the given node.
Returns a string representation of the node s content.
Get all child elements of a given node with a given name.
Returns the parent element of the given node or null if the node is not a parent of
Adds a resource to the waiting list.
Reads catalog information from a file.
Returns the inet address of the host the JVM is running on.
Sets the value of a system property for a throwable.
Display classinfo.
Provide a human - readable string for the given class and append it to the given buffer
Get the strippackagename of a classname.
Gets the package name of a class.
forceload for a class.
Returns the primitive wrapper for a given class.
Returns all interfaces of the specified class.
Returns an array containing all of the interfaces of this class and all of its superclasses.
Returns true if the given class is a primitivew method.
Instantiates an instance of the class with a property with a default class name. If the
Returns the method of the specified class for the specified attribute.
Returns the attributes with touppercase characters and attributes of the given class.
Converts a string to a class.
Gets a property by name and defaultvalue.
Get the filenames of a property.
Remove weak objects from the queue.
Returns an iterator over this set.
Create a new urllister for the specified protocol.
Returns a sorted set of objects where each object is the same as the corresponding object in the
Adds property listener.
Remove property listener.
Returns true if the given string is null or empty.
returns the property editor object for the specified string or classnotfoundexception if the requested string
Registers anitor with the specified name and type.
Convert a string to an object.
Returns the classloader of the specified thread.
Returns true if the exception isade false otherwise.
Add a timeout to the queue.
This method is called when the thread is at the top of the queue. It takes a
Returns a new context with the specified name.
Lookup an object from the context with the given name.
Checks that an object is assignable from the class of the current context.
Append the class information to a string buffer.
Returns the transition with the given name.
Read properties from the properties file.
Get the verb of the system property. If the property is not set read it from the
Returns true if one of the options specified by this object should be query relative to the server
Get the catalog files.
Get the catalogfiles.
Return true if the current str_ is the same as p_.
queryusestatic catalog boolean.
This method will try to find an inputsource for the supplied publicid and systemid.
Returns the source for the specified href and base.
Converts a string to a url.
Resolves the class for the current thread.
This method is called when a string value has already been invokes another method.
Gets the local name of an element.
Get the namespace uri of the element with the given prefix.
Retrieve the namespace uri of the element.
Returns a list containing all elements of the given enumeration.
Returns an inputstream for the specified file.
Load properties from the properties file.
readProperties returns a map with the properties read from the file.
Returns true if the edge has been added to the graph.
Adds an outgoing edge to the graph with the specified cost.
Adds an edge to the incoming edges of the given node with the given cost.
Returns true if the edge is contained in the graph false otherwise.
Removes the edge from the graph.
Finds an edge to a given vertex.
Returns the edge associated with the given edge. If no such edge exists null is returned.
Returns the number of edges between this vertex and dest.
Copy a jar file to a jar outputstream if the source is a directory.
Returns true if this node has the next node in it.
Fires an event to the task queue.
Installs the class loader of the resourceset to the tmpclassdirectory.
Applies the given action to the current thread.
Gets an eventstream of the given type.
Returns a stream with the specified collection but with no statistics applied to the provided collection.
Returns a stream that contains the specified rights but with no entries removed.
Returns true iff this request is allowed to access the specified page.
Verifies that the specified string is a command.
Returns the sum degree of all words.
Construct a hash map of the superclass args.
inform the resourceloader.
Call this method to check if the vertices are available. If not call this method to check
Gets a list of the specified type.
Connect to a database with the specified username and password.
Runinthesql.
Return the number of rows matching the specified sql in the specified database.
Filter by example.
On upgrade.
Backup the current row to a new csvtable.
Restores this model to a new csvtablereader and adds it to the current
Set the empty text.
Tries to load a csv file and return the number of rows that match the argument.
Returns the given string with the quotes replaced. The given string will be quoted if needed.
Read string values from a csv row and return them as a list.
Convert a string to a map
Returns the string represented by the map with the number of occurrences of each string in the map
Joins a list of strings to a single one.
Joins a list of strings to a single one.
Read a database model from an index.
Writes the current database to the specified print writer.
The id field of the entity is the same as the id field of the current entity.
Gets the basedaoclass for the specified entity.
Gets the bindtype.
Imports data from a file.
Backup all tablestocsv table names.
Restores all tables from a csv file.
Use the filer to create an index file.
Create a query from the current entity manager.
Create a typedquery using the specified type.
Render the options to a string.
Delete a long.
Save the specified object.
Updates the content values of the specified object and returns the number of rows updated.
Add a constraint to the query that requires an array of items to be not in an array
Create a subquery with the given predicate.
Returns the next activestack in the stack.
Get the emptyintentionstack.
Adds the plan to the set of bindings. If the plan is null then it is
Selects a plan for the specified policy.
Selects a random plan at random.
Change the planvariables of an agent.
Returns the specified belief at the specified index.
Returns a copy of the array containing all the parents.
Returns a copy of the array of children.
Grows the specified byte array by the specified increment.
Creates a new logger with the specified name level and file.
Start a new step in the body.
Set the length of the given byte array.
Pause for userinput.
Initialize the poolsize.
Initialize the intentionselectors with the random seed.
Starts all the occurrences of the intentionselectors in a separate thread. The name of
This is a utility method to allow the main intentionselectors to be cleaned up when they
Register a jillextension.
Resets the internal variables to their initial values.
Load aobject catalog with aobject catalog implementation.
Process planes for a given type.
add num_ elements to the aobject catalog
Load the class with the given classname and the given classt type.
Load the extension of the given class.
Returns true if the aobject is the same as the aobject passed in
Returns the usage string for the current environment.
Parse the command line arguments.
Parse a single option either as a string or as a configuration file.
Evaluates a query for an agent.
Returns the aobject at the specified index or null if the index is out of bounds.
Returns the aobject with the given name.
Adds the aobject to the current object stack. If the aobject is null or
Gets the object at the specified index.
Adds the specified object to the end of the stack.
Removes an object from the queue and returns it.
Returns the type of the given object.
Checks to see if the field of the given belief matches the query field of the
The main method. See the class documentation.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Post a goal onto the end of the stack.
Send a goal to the agent.
Send a message to all registered agents.
Returns a copy of this array.
Create a beliefset with the specified fields.
Adds a new beliefbase with the specified name and the specified tuple of objects to
Evaluates a string query
Suspend the thread.
Returns the field with the specified name.
Registers the neighbours of this beliefbase.
Builds a random name.
Remove all elements from the set and remove them from the set.
Check if the current stack is valid.
Remove a set of integer values from the active set.
Determine if the current goal is a alive.
Shuts down the pool.
Sets the idle state of an agent.
Moves this pin to the specified pinb.
Initialize boolean.
Waits until the JVM exits.
Finishes the current activity.
Returns true if all the intentionselectors are idle.
Returns the poolid of the specified agent
Picks up the current expression and returns it. If the current expression is null then the
Sets the expression.
Joins all the properties of the given attribute recursively.
Recursively join properties with the specified index. The index must be greater than the length of
Finds or create a join for the given property.
Returns true if this object is not endreached.
Returns the uploadstream part of the http request.
The method to call the service.
Returns true if the parameter with the given name is equal to the given value.
Returns the parameter with the given name.
Parses the given string as a map of parameter names to values.
Configures the transaction manager with the given configuration.
Gets the target file for an artifact.
Write an artifact data to the file.
Override post processinstance in order to perform the actual post process instance.
Returns the declared constructors of the given implementationclass.
Builds a string to represent the descriptor.
Returns the interface method of the given method.
Returns the type of the given field.
Attempts to get a value from the stack.
Saves the current state of the model.
Adds a link to the list of hrefs. If the list of hrefs is
Adds a link template for the specified rel and href. If the rel is null the
str_ is not a valid header or content type but could be a body.
Handles headers for links.
Write links to jsonbody.
parselink an object and add it to the map of links and the map of links
Helper method to add a value to a map. If the map already contains a value for
Handles the http response with the allowed methods.
Returns whether or not the given method is allowed.
Registers instanceprocessor.
Register an instance factory.
Register a new instanceprocessor.
Register a classprocessor.
Adds an argument to the method s argument list. If the argument list is null then
Returns a list of targetfiles.
Returns an XML - formatted string representation of this object.
Initialize the context with the template and arguments and the target files.
Return true if the specified file has the same path as the specified template file.
Create a parameterizedtemplatemodel from a reader.
Create a parameterizedtemplatemodel from a file.
Sets the request path.
Sends a partial response to the server at the specified index.
Wraps the specified string with a new instance of the specified type.
Set the value of a property on an object.
Add a appender to the logger.
Remove the specified appender from the capture logger.
Clears all appenders of the specified logger with the specified appendername.
Returns true if the model can be parsed.
Resolves all unresolved objects.
Get the list of files in the given directory.
Get the files in the specified directory and parse it. If the directory does not exist an
Returns whether the resourceset is fully resolved.
Returns a set of all the objects contained in the given resourceset.
Set the modeldirs.
Set the file extensions.
Set the model resources.
Reads the next record.
Set the values of a string array parameter.
Wraps a string with an instance of T.
Merge the artifact file with the generated file.
Returns the modeldir of this model.
Returns the template file as a file.
Writes a document to the outputstream.
Start the application.
This method is called to set the content of the window.
Called when a print button is pressed.
Write the contents of an inputstream to an outputstream.
Override this method to return the proxy instance when the method is called on an interface.
Attaches the response to the response.
Detaches this request from the session.
Get the request s cookies.
Dumps the current request to the log.
Get the invocationmeters for all the managed methods.
Loads the parameters from a eventstream config and sets the secretkey secretkey and keep
Set the remote host of the stream.
Get a parameter of the given type.
Remove the prefix from a string.
Returns the commondir of the two directories.
Converts a basepath to a relative path.
Converts a relative path to a absolute path.
Returns the directory depth of the given file.
Dumps the contents of str_ and throwable to the log.
Send a JSON object to the server.
Add a parameterizedtemplatemodel to the parameter templates.
Add a list of parameterized templates.
Initialize the param templates.
Returns a list of parameterized templates which have areferencesto relationship with the templatefile
Sets whether the save button should be enabled or not.
Delete this question.
Deletes the filenotfoundexception the illegal stateexception and the filenotfound
Instantiates an instance of str_.
Returns a sorted array of the files in the order they were added.
Get a summary of the results of all files.
Get the summary row for the specified directory.
Returns a string representation of the summary of the sum of all entries of the specified file.
Obtains a new instance of the class.
Get the class that will be used to instantiate the server.
Returns a list of all modeldirs.
Returns all model resources.
Set the container to be a beanitemcontainer for the given collection of entities.
Loads an xml inputstream using the specified loader.
Display the error message associated with the exception.
Returns true if the given formal parameter list is an object.
Returns the array with the specified parameters from the http servlet request.
Read an object from the inputstream.
Extracts the parameter from a fitcell.
Gets the value of the property.
Checks to see if the current request is a request header with the same name as the
Checks if is android.
Subscribe for events of type tentity.
Returns a list of all properties with an annotation of the given type.
Returns an annotation of the given type for the property or an empty annotation if no annotation is
Logs the given message with the given arguments.
Lookup the whoisresult for a given domain.
Returns true if the specified string has parser for the specified whoishost.
get the managedclass for an interface
Returns the managed method of the given class.
If the cell is the last cell of the logging event then do nothing. If the cell
Checks if a string is not contained in the cell of the logging event. If it
serialize the httpservletresponse to the outputstream
Returns the value of the cookie with the specified name.
Add a cookie with the specified name and value.
Removes the cookie with the specified name.
Returns an iterator over the cookies in the collection.
Return the target part of the class.
Adds a new field to this superclass with the specified name and type.
Compile the class.
Verify response.
Converts the file name to lower case and replace all non - case characters with str_
Create a new uri and add it to the existing path.
Gets the http servlet request.
Get the managed method associated with this proxy object.
Generate a executemutabletransaction for a method.
Executes theim mutabletransaction.
Returns all files matching the given filter.
Return the last file found in the directory.
Get the current configuration.
Return true if the path component is equal to the request path and component.
Return a list of all artifact factories for a given model type.
Get the session for a particular instance.
Serializes a servlet response to a byte array.
Retrieve the meta data for a specific filenotfoundexception.
Override this method to override the default behavior.
Closes the statement.
This method is used to set the current status of an eventstream in the system.
Sets whether or not download or upload requests should be allowed.
Upload the file.
Deletes the current question.
Extracts the parameter names of each cell of a given fitrow.
Gets the argument names.
Add a period of time to the pool.
Creates a new timeout task and adds it to the pool.
get the config of the config object
Return the next file in the chain.
Set the application configuration.
printwelcomebanner.
Prints str_ and str_ depending on the environment.
Create a new instance of the appropriate class based on the command line arguments.
Runs a hook.
Triggers the notification.
Send a filenotfoundexception to the filenot foundexception.
Insert and replace a row in the results table.
Gets the counts of the results of the processing.
Sets the score of this object.
Returns the variants of this string.
Set the variants of this string.
Returns the question type string value.
Sets the question type string value.
Returns the token at this location.
Returns the deplabel of the current token.
Sets the deplabel of the current token.
Returns the str value of the current token type as a string.
Sets the semantict type of the current token.
Returns the sections of this string array.
Sets the sections of the current str_.
indexed getter for sections - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for sections - sets an indexed value -
Returns a string list containing the full string representation of this type. The full string representation is
Sets the string list value of this concept to the given string.
Returns the F list of types of this concept type.
Sets thefslist value for the types of this string.
Returns the annotation target type.
Sets the annotation on the target type field.
Returns theKind of the current status of the given searchresult.
Sets the rank of the specified searchresult.
Returns the query string of the given searchresult.
Sets the query string value for the given searchresult type.
Returns the fsarray containing the specified searchresult.
Sets thefsarray value for the given searchresult.
indexed getter for Generates the candidate answer variant at the index of the candidate answer. The
indexed setter for candidateVertex - sets an indexed value -
Returns the query string of this tag.
Sets the query string value for this object.
Returns the full list of points to the current str_. The full list of points is
Sets the fsarray value for the current str_.
indexed getter foranglist - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for searchresult - sets an indexed value -
Returns the abstractquery associated with the current search type.
Sets the abstractquery associated with the current search type.
Returns the string value of the searchid field of the current object.
Sets the string value of the searchid property.
Set the docid of this string.
Returns the offset in beginsection of the passage.
Sets the offset in beginsection of the passage.
Returns the offset inendsection of this passage.
Set the offset inendsection of this string.
Returns the beginsection of the passage of this type.
Sets the string value of the beginsection of the passage.
Returns the endsection of this string.
Sets the endsection of the string.
Returns the degree of the passage as a string.
Sets the degree of the given string.
Returns the triplesearchresult as a triple of type triplesearchresult_
Sets the triplesearchresult of the given type.
Returns the triples associated with the passagefrom Callback.
setter for setsourcerelation - setsourcerelation
Returns the subject of the triple.
Sets the subject of the triple.
Returns the predicate value for this triple as a string.
Sets the alignment mode of the triple with the given string value.
Returns whether this is an objuri.
Sets whether this is an objuri.
Returns the queryOperator of this complexquery.
Sets the directionality of the complexquery. This means that the directionality of the complex
Returns the fslist of arguments for this complexquery.
Sets the fslist associated with this complexquery. The fslist is a handle to the
Returns the concept described by this string as a concept type.
Returns the score of this string as a double between 0 and 1.
Returns the string representation of this candidate answer.
setter for text - sets
Returns the string id of the current concept type.
Sets the string id of this concept type.
Returns the name of the current concept type as a string.
Returns the abbreviation of this string.
Sets the abbreviation string.
setter for conceptsearchresult_type - sets
Returns the list of variants associated with this answer.
Set the variant values for this string.
Returns the named entity types of this string.
Sets the named entity types of this entity.
Returns the string type of the current str_. The type of the current str_ is
Sets the type of the string this string is associated with. The type of the string is
Returns the F list of candidate answer variant values for this str_.
Set thefslist associated with this candidate answer variant.
Returns thefslist of bonds associated with this type of abstractquery.
Sets thefslist value for this abstractquery.
Returns the original text as a string.
Sets the original text.
Returns the string list of all occurrences of str_.
Set the args of this object.
Returns the label of this line as a string.
Sets the label of the semant microle code.
Returns the index of the next clearbit or - 1 if the index is outside the set
Set the value at the specified index.
Tell the current thread whether or not the given byte buffer is valid. If the buffer is
Returns a new cachevalue instance for the specified directory and filename.
Rehash an array with a new size.
Generates a string with the same length as this string. The length of this string is
Checks to see if the brackets are the same. If they are they are the same
Adds details of the specified string to this notation.
Returns this string as HELM2 string.
Add an element to the notation
Checks if the given string is a polymerid
Check for polymerid connection.
Checks to see if the string d contains a connection with the hydrogenbond
Returns whether the string is a valid groupid or not.
Checks if a string ispeating a pattern.
Checks if ispeptideorrna.
Converts the object to a JSON string.
Gets a polymer for a given polymer id.
Returns the current groupingnotation or null if there is no current groupingnotation.
Converts this object to helm2 string.
Returns a string representation of the polymerto helm2 polymers.
Returns a string with the number of connections in the order num_ + str_. The
Returns a string representation of this groupings with the specified number of groupings being grouping to
Returns a string representation of this annotation section.
Returns a list of strings with the names of all polymers and their groupings.
Returns the polymer with the given id.
Set the polymerelements for this entity.
Do the conversion of a string to another string.
Set the annotation of this element.
Set the count of the number of times the specified string was found.
Creates a new monomer notation from the specified string.
Decidewhichmonomer notationingroup.
Returns the helmentity of the specified string.
Returns a list of doubles with the numberone values and the numberone values if is interval
Parse string test and throw exception if the test string is not valid.
Set the rna contents of the given string.
Dedicated with grouping or pattern.
Get all the statistics about this task.
Creates an adigraph from a collection of edges.
Creates a new adigraph from the specified collection of nodes and the specified collection of edges
This method initialises the internal state of the Ahashmap.
Returns a list of the nodes in the graph sorted by reachability.
Subscribes a method to the object with a specific pattern.
Count the number of occurrences of the specified pattern on the server.
unsubscribe with the specified pattern.
Send a request to the server and return the response. If the request doesn t match the
Synchronously sends a request to otpexternal and waits for the response.
Retrieves whether or not a response from the poll operation has been received for the specified timeout
Sends a shutdown signal.
Wraps to a non -unchecked throwable and returns the first non - local throwable.
Unlock a run state.
Create a worker and start it.
Tries to add to the worker set if it is not already present.
Use this to register a uncaught exception handler.
Deregisters a worker from the workerthread. If the worker is d
Waits for a workqueue to become available if the pool is full.
Runs a worker on the specified workqueue.
Waits for work on the specified queue.
Convenient utility method to avoid creating a new worker queue for each available slot.
Returns the number of times the specified task is completed or the number of times the specified task
Submits a new task for execution.
Takes a copy of the common pool and creates a new instance of the common pool.
Returns the status of the server in the specified time unit.
Builds a string from a set of code.
Get the workerstats for all the threads in the queue.
Convenient factory method for creating an array from an array.
Reverses the contents of this list.
Applies the supplied predicate to all elements of the supplied collection and returns true if the predicate
Applies the supplied function to each element of the supplied collection and returns the result.
Applies the supplied function to all elements of the supplied list.
Pushes a task onto the thread pool.
Converts non - null and non - null values to an non - null value.
Computes the alonghashmap between the keys and the values and returns the updated values
Returns an empty map with the key as the key and the value as the value.
Computes the equal values of the elements of the given iterable. The elements of the
Computes the equality of the given keys and the given values.
Return an abstract set view of the key.
Returns the normalize name of the sourcename.
Marshals the given object as a string.
Returns a subsequence of this character sequence.
Searches for the elements in the specified list using binarysearch.
Searches for the elements of the given list using the given comparator.
Send a message to the specified email.
Bind the handler s methods.
Bind the current handler to a filter binding.
If the message has a subject tag this will show the body of the subject. If the
Returns the integer value of the given long value. Returns num_ if l is null or
Removes duplicates of strings from an array of strings.
Returns a string like the given string.
Dorun the progress.
Attempts to login the user with the given password.
Get the current user s login session.
Checks password against salt and plainpassword.
Add the loginkey to the cookie for the given request. If save is true the current
Get the encrypted key for the given user ip and user_agent.
Create a new cookieuser for the specified uuid.
Makes a call to the specified path in the specified context.
Returns the value of the parameter with the specified default value if the parameter is not set.
Log a formatted message at debug level.
get the callerinformations at the specified level of the current thread.
Converts an array of chars to a byte array.
Converts a charsequence to a byte array.
Converts an array of bytes to a char array.
Converts a charsequence to a Asciibytearray.
Looks up a localedata for the given code.
Returns a promise that is resolved after the specified time in seconds.
Crop the image to the specified location.
Schedules an invocation for the specified number of milliseconds.
Invokes the invocation in a thread.
Return the rest template.
This method will render the error message and the exception to the ajax message.
Render a ajax message with forbidden status.
Processes the given string using the freemarkers API.
Parse the currentactionpath from the url string.
Renders the bounds of the given model class.
Renders a collection of empty DTs.
Set the list of items to be displayed.
Sends a redirect to the specified URL.
Returns a list of all of the elements in the given injector.
Returns the current method stack trace.
Compact memory.
Propagates a metrics collection to the local metrics collection and adds it to the metrics collection
Encode a string.
Copy from an inputstream to an outputstream.
Copy the data from an inputstream to an outputstream.
Copies all data from the input stream to the output stream using a default encoding.
Copies the contents of a reader into a writer.
Copies the specified number of characters from the specified reader to the specified writer.
Copies all data from the reader to the output stream using a default encoding.
Writes the contents of the reader to the output stream using the specified encoding.
Compare two inputstream.
Compare two reader.
Wraps the IO with a previous stage and then checks if the IO matches the current
Return the SQL string pool for a given string id.
Converts a string to an instance of the specified class.
Unzip a zip file to a destination directory with a list of patterns.
Retrieve the instance of the permission dialog.
Resume the dialog.
Registers a new corevalu type converter.
Returns true if the given value matches the given regular expression.
Returns true if the given string is not case sensitive.
Checks if is phone.
Checks if the given string is a day or a month.
Returns true if value is not null and matches pattern. case_ins sensitive.
Apply the pipeline.
Encode a string to base64.
Decode a base64 string to a byte array.
Converts a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Read properties from an inputstream
Return the content of an inputstream as a string using the specified encoding.
Reads the content of a file as a string.
Writes the given byte array to the given file.
Copies all files from a directory to a target directory. If the source directory does
Serializes a document to a string.
Reads a document from a file. Returns null if the file could not be parsed.
get document from xml string
Get the document from an inputstream.
Return true if the signature for this document is valid.
Sign a document.
Determines whether this class is safe for the given classloader.
Returns true if this component is an array component.
Returns true if the class is an array and the component type is a primitivew
Returns the primitivetypetowrappermap for the given class.
Determines whether the specified type is assignable from this type.
Determines whether the given object value is assignable from the given type.
Returns the allinterfaces for the class of the given object.
Returns the allinterfaces for the class of the given instance.
Returns the url of the configuration file.
Returns a map with all the variables associated with the given URI.
Adds a message with the specified permission.
Binds the specified implementation to the specified extensionpoint.
Gets the instance of the given type from the context object.
Obtains an object of the specified type.
Converts the given object to the given type.
Convert the object to a user defined type.
Get all object parameters of the given type and name.
Add a cookie to the http servlet request.
Add a named session attribute.
Initializes the sqlinxml plugin and adds it to the list of plugins.
Add a parameter to the query.
Sets a parameter to the specified field of the specified object.
Show the permission dialog using the fragment manager.
Checks if all the values of the array have been granted to all values of the array
Check if any of the values are denied in the result map.
Find all records matching the select query.
Find the first record in the table that matches the query.
Checks if isnew.
Declares whether the given method is assignable from the given exception type.
Walks the queue looking for the softvalue and removes it from the queue.
Put a key value pair into the queue.
Returns true if the given string matches the given pattern.
Read arguments from the command line.
Returns the protobufentity annotation for the class.
Returns true if the class is a protobuf entity.
Returns all the fields of a class that could be proto - serialized.
Gets protobufattribute field name.
Returns thepojos02 of a field.
Returns the object mapper for the current thread.
Returns the JSONFactory instance for this thread.
Convert an object to a json string.
Sets the top right bottom left and right border to the specified values.
Get a userrecord from the database.
Do a deep copy of the attributes of an object.
copy out attributes to target object
Create a jframe that shows this frame.
Sets the access token to the secret token.
Gets the access token from the AWS SDK. The returned token is the same as the
Get the default classloader for the current thread.
Gets the resource at the specified location using the specified classloader or the current thread s classloader
returns an inputstream from a string with a given classloader
Get the inputstream resource for a class.
Initializes this object with the values from the given other object.
Set the mode at the current index of the input string.
Initialize the path.
Set the scheme attribute of the uri.
Set the userinfo field of the uri.
Set the host field of the uri.
Set the port number.
Appends the path to the end of the path string.
Set the query string.
Set the fragment.
Returns a copy of the internal data structure as a string.
Creates a prepared statement by passing the supplied iterator of objects to the supplied sql.
Initialize the basicservice object.
Get the value of the given string.
Set the value of the given parameter to the given value.
Returns transferable copy of clipboard. Returns null if clipboard is disabled.
Set the clipboard contents.
Load services of the given type.
Sets the param values for the specific operation.
Returns a HashMap where the key is the parameter name and the value is the parameter object.
Looks up aparmetrizedservice by id.
Find a service by its class.
parse the query response and return the result
Returns an iterator over the elements in this buffer.
Gets the encoding of the specified string.
Create a jdbclog connection proxy instance for the given connection instance.
get authorization.
Visits all stmts associated with this stmt.
Visit a class definition. This is the primary focus of the visitation. From here interesting
Visit an executabledeclaration. This is the primary focus of the visitation. From
Returns a non - null value with the given key and map of properties.
Returns a declarationfilter that matches the supplied collection of modifiers.
Returns a declarationfilter that matches the specified type.
Returns a declarationfilter that matches this and f.
declarationfilter f ;
Returns a map with the string as key and the value as value.
Sets whether or not the given constructor is accessible.
prepared objectqueryinfo objectqueryinfo objectqueryinfo objectqueryinfo and returns the result.
Returns a new string with num_ replaced by str_.
Convert a byte array to hex string
Returns the list of integer indexes for the given name. Throws an exception if the name
Places a string with a number and a list of integer values.
Converts a collection of object to a collection of serializetoprotobufentity
Sets the value of a field from a protobufattribute object.
setpojofieldvalue This sets the value of the specified POJO to the protobufvalue
Whether or not this file should be included in the file list.
Create a proxy instance for a given result set.
Creates a map from the expected labels to the index of the corresponding string.
Returns the component at the specified index of the specified class.
Retrieves a value from the pool and removes it from the pool.
Polls through the current polled objects and checks if there are any polled objects to
Returns the declared field with the given name from the given class or the super class if it
Returns all declared methods of the specified class including inherited ones.
Returns the declared method of the given class or any of its superclasses.
Returns all declared methods of the given class that are annotated with the given annotation class.
Returns all constructors of the specified class that are annotated with the specified annotation class.
Dumps a single byte to the output stream.
Returns the index of the first or the index of the last character in the specified string.
Returns a new string with all chars removed.
Use warnings to suppress the warning.
Initialize the audit class.
Initialize the message queue.
Initialize the validator.
Initialize the instance of the password at runtime.
Resolves a locale specific string for the language country and variant.
Looks up the locale info for the given code.
Create a proxy for statement instance.
Clears all the elements of this queue.
Removes and returns the element at the end of the list. If the list is empty
Get the inputstream for this file.
Parse args.
Returns true if one of the specified tokens matches one of the specified patterns.
Moves the cursor to the specified positions.
Returns true if this rectangle encloses the specified rectangle.
Returns true if the given rectangle contains the given point.
Calculates the intersection between this set and another set.
Computes the rectangular union of this object with the specified object.
Returns a new rectangular version of this object with the same x1 and x2 values
Returns a new rectangular object with the y values replaced.
Gets the number of columns in the matrix.
Get the number of rows in the grid
Returns the bounds of the specified cell relative to the specified location.
Calculate the columns.
This method is called from inside the repaint method to ensure that the repaint method is called correctly
Get the underlying throwable from the invocation target exception or from the invocation target exception or if the
The main entry point for the command line tool.
Called by the interner when codeview is updated.
Copy theandresizecode buffer to the code buffer.
This method initialises the object.
Returns a new queryparameter which is the partial copy of another queryparameter.
Adds a child tree to this node.
Do nothing if the expression is a clearchild Updates the context.
Moves to the next internal node.
Adds the given instructions to the message.
Adds the given instructions to this sizeablelist. If the instructions are not already
Fires a propertychange event for the property of this node.
Registers a work panel as a work panel.
Update all tags and statusbar flags in the console and the left and right subtree of the
Create an instance of type.
Computes whether the given term is a variable or not.
Returns a list of instructions that can be optimized.
Compares two collections.
Wraps the httpservlet response to a ioexception.
Return the current value of the tag Returns - 1 if the current value is not a tag
Renders a button.
Resets all the properties to their initial state.
This method initialises the manager.
Get the value associated with the specified object key.
Get the index of the specified object.
set a value at a specific index of the object
Removes the specified object from this set.
Remove the element at the specified index.
Returns true if this object contains the specified property.
Set a property on an object.
Gets a property of an object.
Returns true if the specified class is assignable from the specified primitiv type.
Initializes the object Visit object.
Returns a decision tree representing the specified state.
Initializes theookUPs of the specified decision tree.
Converts a term query and a term statement into a list of variables.
unify internal boolean.
Generate code to compile a query.
Find the maximum number of arguments in the given clause.
Allocates a list of varnames for each Permanentquery registration.
Gathers the args from the keyword clause and the args from the keyword clause.
Displays the given term predicate.
Display ancompiledquery for the given term query.
Returns a string of the specified length from the specified buffer.
Returns the value of the property as a string.
Set a string value.
Read the content of the current term
Returns true if the class of the given classname can be loaded.
Returns true if the classname is assignable from the parent class.
Returns true if the class for the given parent is the same as the class for the child
Returns true if the class parentclass is the same as the class childclass.
Returns the class for the given classname.
Creates a new instance of t.
Creates a new instance of the class.
overriddenillegalaccess a method in an object.
Calls a method on an object.
Call a static method.
Returns the constructor of the specified class with the specified arguments.
Searches for all classes that have a property with the given name.
Returns a linkedlist containing all the elements in the given queue.
Gets the transactional reqcludes from the given queue and collection.
Gets the typefromobject of an object.
Resets the state of the model.
Create an instance of type.
Adds a time zone string to the list of supported time zone strings.
Add a alternated dimension to the data set. If the data set does not contain a
Adds a table to the schema.
Returns a set of freevariables that match the given query.
Returns a set of freenon anonymous variables for the given term query.
Compares two objects according to the heuristicsearchnode values.
Write an object to a file.
Read a string from a stream.
Creates a new heuristicsearchnode.
Generate the indentation for the current string.
Returns true if the term is the last - arg function.
Chooses the best option for the output property and the input properties.
Returns a new functor with the specified name and arguments.
Returns a new variable with the given name.
Display error messages.
Returns the element at the specified index in this list.
Set the texture used to render the gradient.
Override this method to paint immediately after a certain amount of time.
Generate a buffered image of the specified type.
Create a buffered image of the specified number of bits.
Create a direct - to - bit image of the specified number of bits.
Sets the algorithm used by this queue.
Main entry point for the parser.
returns the clause of the statement or null if there is no such clause.
Generate a list of terms from a list of tokens.
Returns a new ASTor.
Returns the name of the variable.
tokenizes an integer value.
Generate a doublelLiteral token from a floating point image.
Put this token into a string and make a new string with all other single quotes removed.
Return the info or the user as a directive. The method will return null if this is
interns the given operator name and priority.
This method is called to initialize the UI elements.
Returns the next token from the list or throws a sourcecodeexception if there are no more
Returns true if a token of the given kind should be buffered otherwise false.
Bind the service.
Rollback the transaction.
Adds all elements from the iterator to the target collection.
Returns the time of day from millisecond to hour minute and second.
Gets the current tick size based on a given number of milliseconds.
Converts a given amount of ticks to a given amount of hours.
T tickstominutes a given number of minutes.
Converts a tickstoseconds to a number of seconds.
Returns the amount of times specified to move from the old year to the new year.
Returns the amount of times a given month has elapsed since the last call to this method.
T tickstodate the specified tick and add it to the specified date.
Returns the period of the given year starting at the root of the given year.
Reads a byte array from the source.
Returns the entry for the given key in the hashtable or null if the key is not
Returns the specified entry in the cuckoo cache.
Recompute the inability with a new rehash.
Called when an action is being performed.
Set the next available state.
Set the prevavailable flag.
Set whether this object should be closed.
Get the WAMA instance for the specified symboltable. This method will try to load
Returns an iterator over the variables in the set.
Get the expected value of an array of doubles.
Generate probabilities for a set of counts.
Sets the year month day and year to the same values.
Makes a request for the first time.
Creates a url from a string.
Get the current request info.
Get the headers as an HTML table.
get the session info
Get the parameter names and values as an HTML table.
Get the requestscope.
Retrieves a string with all attributes of the page.
Get the sessionscope of this request.
Get the applicationscope attribute.
Gets the userprifier.
Return the number of non - null non - empty non - null non - empty non -
Converts a map to an HTML table.
Set the current screen state.
Walk the path of the given term.
Compares two objects according to a heuristicsearchnode.
Registers the property change events with the given set of registers.
Notifies all listeners that a property change event has occurred.
Called when we leave a clause.
Returns true if the current context is the hadoop one. If it is the hadoop one.
Sets the arguments for this term.
Returns the fixity of this sequence.
Returns true if this node is an infix node.
Compares this object to the specified object.
Fires a propertychange event.
Registers a new workflowcontroller.
Get the factory for a class.
Creates a componentfactory instance for the given classname.
Get storage cell.
Returns true if the variable is a bound variable.
Sets the attribute at the given index to the given attributeset.
Set the row attribute for a given row.
Returns the attribute of the given column or null if the column is out of bounds.
Returns null if r is out of bounds. Returns null if r is out of bounds.
Internal insert method.
Create an instance of the type with the given name.
Create an instance of a string pattern type.
Determines whether the specified charsequence is actually a set of characters.
Creates the initialcontext if it hasn t been created yet.
Updates the heap and trailers of the specified layout.
Returns the string representation of this node.
searchnotexhaustiveexception searchnotexhaustiveexception
Returns all the items in the cache with the given block number.
Gets the properties for a specific resourcename.
Set the hertz value.
Read a byte array from the source.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the source.
gather disjunctions.
Extracts an int from a byte array at an offset in big - endian order
Write an int to a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Write a 24 - bit integer to a byte array.
Extracts a 24 bitint from a byte array at an offset in big - endian order
Reads a short from the byte array at the given offset.
Write a short to a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Adds the given operator to the tree as a child of this node.
Returns an iterator that traverses the set of nodes.
Returns the unique identifier for this transaction.
Return a copy of this object with the same attributes but the same values as the original object
Set the attribute value.
Convert a string to an array of strings.
array_. array_. array_. array_. array_. array_.
Converts a string to a camelcase.
Build the string buffer with the str_ and the level of the handler and the handler s
Returns the wamcallpoint with the given name.
Generate a wamcallpoint for a given unregistered type.
Returns true if the specified hierarchyattribute is a hierarchyattribute.
Returns the unique identifier for this transaction.
Returns the value of the string at the specified level.
Gets the last value in the pathvalue list.
Writes an object to the output stream.
Read an object from an object inputstream.
Computes the h - value of the heuristic searchnode for a given state.
Returns the mod of a value in a given bucket.
Adds an error message.
Writes a string to the output stream.
Classifies a state for lookup of ordinalattribute values.
Computes the difference between t and a
Return a client iterator.
Get the logbase value of an int.
Get the logbase2 value of an integer.
Returns the logbase10 value of an integer iff the given value is non - negative
Returns the logbase10 value of an integer if the given value is non - negative.
Returns the logbase10 version of the given long value.
Returns the logbase10 value of the given long value.
Count how many times an integer appears in the range [ min max_value ).
Count how many times a certain value appears in the range min_value - max_value
Gets the character count for a specified integer value using the specified scale.
Set the head of the list of instructions.
Emit code.
Set the current screen to the workflowscreen panel
Evaluates the function at the given value
Gets the key iterator.
Creates the array properties.
Set the hertz value.
Evaluates an numerict type expression and returns the result.
Finds properties.
Gets the properties system property.
Get the properties using the current classpath.
Gets the properties using a system property.
Liefert true zurueck aufgerufen aufgeruf die
Sets the result and assignment to this term.
Sets the substitution term for the event.
Returns a priority queue that contains all the nodes in the tree.
Clean up any resources associated with this object.
Append an event to the current location.
Fires a connector to the server.
Initialize the printers.
Commit the current transaction.
Rollback the current transaction.
This method allows you to specify a specific write operation for a transaction.
Add a cached Writeoperation to the list. If it doesn t exist yet it will be
Acquires theglobalwritelock for the given txid.
Release the globalwritelock.
Enlist with the current session.
Returns true if the first child of the specified rulesetnode exists.
Inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue waiting up to the specified wait time
Retrieves and removes the element at the specified time waiting up to the specified wait time for
Writes the element to the buffer. If the thread throws an interruptedexception it will be
Returns the next object from the source.
Returns true if the property is set as boolean.
Returns the value of a property as integer.
Returns the value of a property as a long value.
Returns a scopenode with the specified name and the specified arguments.
Sets up the string builder to contain the parameter node and the rulesetnode.
backtrack num_ times if the searchnode is reversable and the searchnode is
Retrieve the code associated with a given callpoint from the code buffer.
Executes a query and Extracts all bindings.
This method is called by the engine to decode integer variables.
Captures the current state of the channel.
Restore an object to its original state.
Retrieve an attribute of a java. util. HashMap from the specified class.
Set an attribute to an object.
Get all fieldnames of a class including inherited fields.
Executes the mojo.
Inserts the specified element into this queue.
Returns a new searchnode for the specified state.
Create a priority queue that contains all the nodes in the tree.
The simplew single - term search algorithm.
Walks through a given unary predicate and sets the result to the given term.
Walks through all categories of term and visitor to find a named term. The named
Walks through the args - list of term objects starting from the passed - in unary
Walks up a postfix search tree starting from the named term. The named term is
Read properties from an inputstream.
Read properties from a file.
get properties from url
get properties from file denoted by pathname.
Computes the number of columns and rows of each dimension.
Initialize the font metrics.
This method adds a property to a list of properties. If the list of properties is empty
add a property at the end of the list
Remove a propertyDoclistener from the registry.
Fires a propertychange event for the property change event.
Create an instance of type double.
Fires the specified colord delta for the specified group.
Shows the horizontalbar.
Show the leftbar.
Show the rightbar.
S sanitizeradio Controls for a given form element.
Waits until the condition is satisfied or the condition is interrupted.
Waits for the condition to be interrupted.
Executes the mojo.
Append the classpath elements to the command line.
Create an instance of type.
Prints str_ followed by str_.
Initialize a consolereader.
Evaluates the sentence and returns the result
Evaluates a query and adds the result to the result set.
A convenience method to get multitypedata.
Get a multitypedata representation of a given byte.
Gets the multitypedata representation of a given character.
Get multitypedata of a given short
Get the multitypedata at the specified index.
Gets multitypedata.
Gets multitypedata.
Gets multitypedata.
Get a multitypedata representation of a string.
Gets the multitypedata representation of an object.
Adds an attribute to the page context.
Clears a key out of the range.
Expands the specified key.
Inserts the specified character and row at the same time.
Compares two objects for order.
Returns a term representing the contents of the given terms.
Obtains an enum mapping from a string to a fixity operator.
Checks the fixity of a candidate ops Symbol and returns the corresponding sourcecodeexception.
Returns the successor of the specified node or null if the node is not included in the list
Returns the string representation of the error.
Get optionsinforce.
Returns a string containing the options and the number of arguments.
Adds trailing properties to the properties for this model.
Adds property values to the current parsed properties.
Adds an option to the list of options.
Checks whether a command line argument is matched by a command - line argument.
Compares the iterators against the expected iterator using the mapping function.
Returns an enumeration of options.
Returns an array of strings representing the options of the symbol table.
Set the selected tag of the stemmer.
Returns the ptstemmer or null if none exists.
Returns the ptstemmer of the specified word or null if the word is not a
The entry point to the ptstemmer command line tool.
Create an instance of type float.
Resets the state of the model.
Compute a trace envframe for the current environment.
Returns a string with the same contents as the current string but with the same number of characters
Call a function with a given number of arguments.
Return the next stackframe in the frame.
Returns true if the backtrack flag was set false otherwise.
Record the trailing address at the given position.
Converts the two input arrays to a single array.
This is a hack to prevent the type system from throwing an error.
Converts int values to boolean values.
Dereferences a constant on a local or remote side.
Print a slot with the given mode.
Gets the current random state of eightpuzzl work.
Returns true if the given state is not issolvable.
Get the child state for the given operator.
Iterates over the elements of this string and checks if they are valid.
Returns a copy of this string with all str_ and str_ replaced with str_.
This method checks to see if the specified points are swletiles. If they are sw
Convert a string to a list of characters.
The eightpuzzl rows are the same as the rows in the list of characters.
Convert a log record to a string.
Convert a log4j level to an apache log4j level.
Adds a record to the requeuedelementmap and associates it with the element.
Adds a record to the re element map.
Increments the size and count of a record.
Decrement the size and count of a record.
Throws if the newsize is above the lowwatersizethThreshold and the
Returns the namingDefinitions for the given name.
Return the namingexception with the given name.
Adds an object to the hashtable.
Removes a property from this object s object context.
Runs the rungctillstable command.
Returns a literal rule with the current match as the first character and the last character as the
Add a placeholder node with the given name and arguments.
Pushes a name onto the current context.
Set the maximum height for a specific row.
Updates the max columnsizes value for the given column.
searchnotexhaustiveexception )
Makes a request for the first time.
Returns true if the target term is non - null and should be replaced with non - empty
Adds initialisesSymboltable = true to the list of initialisesSymboltable = false
Walks through the clause of a term check and makes sure that the root node of
Returns the listtostring of this tuple. The result is a listtostring
Computes whether a given type can be parsed.
Signals that the application is running.
Terminate the process.
Called by the application thread when it is terminated.
Inserts the specified element into this queue.
Compares two nodes.
Inserts the specified node into the nodes list.
Restart the server.
Returns a new set with the same properties as the specified method.
Returns a collection with elements that match the specified search method.
Returns all elements of the specified method in the specified collection and adds them to the specified result
Return next insequence t.
Restore the values of an object to its original values.
Returns the property value of an object.
Set a property value.
Set an object property.
Captures the non - null or non - empty string.
Removes an element from the list and returns it.
modifierstostring.
Converts a string to an integer.
Converts a string to a date.
Returns true if the given string is a date.
Returns true if the given string is a time - series i. e. contains a time
Returns true if the specified string is a valid date.
Create a tokensource for a string.
Get the tokensource for a file.
get tokensource for inputstream.
Returns whether the given instruction is constant.
Returns true if the given wam at the current instruction is a variable.
Returns true if instruction is a non - argument.
Returns an iterator that traverses the elements of this node in reverse order. If reverse
Returns the argument at the specified index.
Returns an iterator that traverses all the arguments of this operator and all its children.
Returns a string with the names of all arguments.
Retrieve the summary of achemadef definition.
Get the list of resultclazz and queryparameter.
Die Methode das das uebergebene jdbctier
Emit code using the provided machine as a linkageexception.
Set the basictypes of a class.
sourcecodeexception ; do not call.
Print a binding string.
Returns an iterable containing all the solutions of the set.
Runs the compiler.
Reads the document from the input stream.
Return the current time of the process.
Returns the time at which the UUID was generated.
Set the playlist info and update the playinfo.
Update the playinfo of the specified playlist.
Override this method to handle the output of the event.
Handles the event model s provideresource.
Handles a request for an event.
Fire the orelse event for the specified playlist.
Initialize thepackets.
Start the readerthread process.
Shuts down the server.
Resets the parser to its initial state.
Parsepackets.
Processes a packet.
Sets the clioption.
Create a chat.
Sets the internal state of this object.
Resets the content of this object to the specified map.
Set the value of a property of this object.
Adds a packetfilter to the packet.
Process the request.
Resets all properties to their original values.
Initialize the connection writer thread.
Sends a packet to the server.
Return the next packet.
Open the stream.
Return a list of all strings of the given type.
Returns true if the given descriptor is in the descriptor list.
Add eventlifecyclelistener.
Shuts down the executor and cancels the timer.
Returns true if the entry is a valid entry for the current thread.
mask null values and return the key.
Returns true if object x equals object y.
Returns the entry associated with the given key or null if no such key exists.
Resizes the size of the internal table.
Adds all of the elements from the specified map to this map.
Removes the value associated with key from this map.
Remove an entry for a given key.
Remove a key - value pair from the table.
Adds a new entry to the table.
Creates a new immutable map by applying the supplied function to all keys in the base map.
Encode a string as an XML string.
Converts an array of bytes into a hex string.
Converts a string to base64.
Encode len bytes into a base64 string.
Overrides the default implementation to iterate over all items in the collection.
Set the controller to be used for track information.
Sets the consumer to be used to invoke the jumppro process of the progress graph
Set a consumer that gets called when the app is being played.
Set a consumer that gets called when a volume is changeable.
Broadcast a list of available playlists to the specified supplier.
list of strings provideresource for this event.
Handles the volume of an event.
Musichelper musichelper.
handles the selecttrack event.
Returns the thread cache for the specified string. If no thread cache exists for the specified string
Retrieve the request cache.
Returns the given field + str_ + streamid for the given field
Get the shard path of the given id.
Returns the session associated with the given object. If the given object is a sessionable it
Makes sure that the target object is not null and that the method returns boolean. If
Delete a path from contentmanager
Updates one or more properties of the given object in the entity manager. If the object
Set the ping interval in milliseconds.
Schedules a pingservertask for the current connection. If the ping failed the connection
Adds options.
Returns true if the given option is present.
Parses a single line from the command line.
Displays a usage message.
Parses an array of strings from the command line arguments.
Initialize the connection to the server.
Informs the connection if the security mode of this connection is required. If the security mode
Returns the method of the compression method if any.
Send the request to the server with the specified method.
Set the value of the boolean parameter to true to indicate whether to start a new server.
Notifies the registered listeners that a connection error has occurred.
Notifies the connection manager that the current thread is about to close the connection.
Registers an SASL mechanism with the specified name.
Returns a list of all SASMechanism the server supports.
Return the output pluginbe Builder for the given list of identifications
Log a message at info level.
Log a message at error level.
Writes a log message and a throwable to the given printstream.
Liefert die Klasse event - createstartevent zurueck
Attempts to create an optional startevent object from a source object. If the source object
Notify listeners that the specified string was written.
Returns true if the resource provides the resource model false otherwise.
Returns true if one of the resources in the collection contains the given source.
Checks if a resource provides a list of resources.
Return the list of provideresource for the given resource ids.
get a cached object.
get the cache key for the given keyspace column family and key.
Remove a cached entry.
putcached a single key with a map of properties.
Return a map of file and URL to include.
Adds a file to the location map. If the file is a directory the file is
Add a jar file to the location map.
Adds a string to the list of defaultmechs. If the string is already
Adds a collection of strings to the DW API.
Called when the frame has been created.
Prepare the object for activation.
Registers the asynchronous events.
Unregisters an event listener.
Registers a new eventid with the specified description and key and value.
lock the file channel and consumer call the consumer with the lock.
Returns true if this model can run the given event.
Create a new dsesession with a given keyspace.
Create an optional playererror with the specified source and error.
Start a identification for the specified trackinfo. If the trackinfo is active the ident
Stops the stereo pairing. If the stereo pair is stere
Add a command to the server.
identified by resource_id and playlistname.
Create a notifyAller of a playlist and export it to JSON format.
Append a postfix to the URL.
Adds a query parameter to the URL.
Adds a query parameter to the URL
Adds a query parameter to the URL.
Adds a query parameter to the URL string.
Get a playlist from an event model.
This method is called when the button is clicked to launch the action menu.
Checks to see if the browser is finished. If the browser isn t already started this
Returns true if the URL already exists.
This method is called when a browser button is pressed. It sends a touri message
Create an imageicon from its path and description.
The main entry point for this example.
Returns a copy of this intarray with the given values.
Export this descriptor as a HashMap.
Get the value at the given index as a jsonresult. If the value is not a
Get a value from a jsonobject or jsonarray. If the value is not a json
Returns the integer value of the argument or the supplied default if the argument is not an integer
Returns the parsed double value of the argument or the given default if the argument is not a
Returns the value as a string or null if the value is not a string or a JSON
Create a commandresource with the given command and capabilities.
Verifies if the specified command is one of the supported commands.
Verifies that the specified command matches the specified capabilities.
Verifies that the given command matches the given capabilities.
Adds a statement to the result set and calls the callback with the result set of the
Returns all the subclasses of the specified class.
Returns a set of all the subclasses of the specified string.
Searches for classes in the given location and packagename and returns the set of classes
Finds all files in the directory with the same name and adds the location to the map
Return a list of all resource to which this resource belongs.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Processes the packet and adds it to the result queue if the packet is not null or
Retrieve volume of an eventmodel.
Sends an error response to the server.
Create error response.
Checks if the identifiable is an identifiable resource.
Set the value of the enabled period field for the given day and timezone. If the field
Decorates a set.
Set the name of this product.
Update the properties.
Get a collection of all roster groups.
Appends rsm element to queryelement.
Returns a rsm object with the content of the specified element parsed from the server - side
Creates a leaveevent with the given source and strict information. If strict is set to true
Reload the roster.
Create a new entry in the database.
Get a collection of all the roster entries in the system.
Get the current user with the specified resource. If the user with the resource does not exist
Add unavailable results to the packetunavailable list for all the users.
Callback from roster listeners when a roster is changed.
Set the digest of the given connectionid and password.
Override this method to provide a more specific generateresource.
Creates a new player request for the specified playlist with the specified capabilities and the specified context.
Returns the time channel of the specified event model.
Registers a listener that will be notified when properties are received.
Initialize the properties.
Reload properties.
returns the error code of the streamerror from the element
Returns a collection of all the mechanism elements of str_.
Returns a collection of strings from the compressionel s elements.
Parses a packet extension.
Decode a string to an object.
Verifies whether the specified event has been received from the specified player.
Return the playback state of a resource as an optional object.
Returns the secretkey of the specified string.
Returns true if the specified string is allowed to access this object.
Add a value to the map. If the map previously contained a mapping for the key the
Returns a keyset for this map.
Returns a collection of the values in this map.
Purges the specified reference from this context.
Returns the entry with the specified key or null if the key is null.
Returns the hashcode of the specified key - value pair.
Returns a new referenceentry with the specified key and value.
Checks to see if an event is present or not.
Sets the state of the element. If the element is not present the element will not be
Update the most recent version.
Delivers a message to the callback.
Get the st script of the given class.
Initialize the output dir.
Load properties file.
Write the contents of st to fn and return the number of written bytes
Retrieves the progress of an event model.
Decorates a collection.
Scans the network for a range of inet addresses.
get the configuration
Gets the threadpool.
Attempts to create a stop request from a source object to a target object. If the
Verifies whether the specified eventmodel comes from the specified player.
Get a cluster by username password and authorizationid.
Adds a connection listener.
Add a packetfilter to the receive listeners.
Add a listener.
Fire the listeners associated with the given packet.
Adds a packetfilter to the interceptor stack.
Notifies all registered interceptors of the given packet.
Converts a parameter to a value.
The connectionlost event.
Get the current threadid.
Returns true if the provided node is valid for commit false otherwise.
Get the key for the given value.
Returns the data of the specified object at the specified index.
Returns the node with the specified index for the specified data object and thread_id. If
Returns the node at the specified index for the specified data object.
Compare the two specified objects.
Returns the least child of the given node at the given index or null if no such child
Returns the node with the most key in the tree at the specified index.
Returns the next node after a given index or null if the node is null.
Returns the most valid node for the specified thread and index.
Returns the least valid node of the specified thread and index.
Copy a node from null to a new node with the given index.
Returns the boolean value of the node at the specified index.
Returns whether the node at the given index is blacklisted.
Gets the grandparent of a node with the specified index.
Returns the parent of the given node at the given index or null if the node is null
Returns the right child of the given node at the given index.
Returns the left child of the given node at the given index.
Recursively sets right child nodes of a node to a given index.
Recursively sets the left child of a node to the given index and sets its parent to
Do the work of Red - black Inserts a new node into the tree at the specified
Deletes a node from the reservoir.
Check if o is non - null and non - comparable.
Inserts a new value into the table.
Return true if the key exists for the current thread.
Returns whether the specified value is contained in the current thread.
Get a value by its key.
Remove the object with the specified key from this map.
Clears all entries for the current thread.
Copy entries from another map to this one.
Deletes expired entries.
Call this method to clear the cache.
Called when the activate method is called.
Gets a player request for a specific playlist.
Returns the defaultrosterstore object for the given prefix.
Opens a defaultrosterstore with the specified prefix.
Scans a inet address and returns a collection of it s inet addresses.
Returns the ip address of the specified subnetbits from the specified inet address.
Export this object into a HashMap.
Import a trackinfo object from a HashMap
Adds all non - interface and non - abstract classes to the classnames set.
Attempts to execute the application method if the service is an instance of gen_run_
Displays the list of classes on the stg.
Prints the usage of the stg.
Entry point for the program.
Muteevent to the specified target. If the target is null or the source is the
Create a mutereevent from an identification.
Get a good Willschema from the knownschemata.
Write a list of strings to a file.
Check if the app is in the jar.
Adds an application option.
Return a sorted list of good Willschemafield s.
Return the good Willschemafield with the given name.
Returns a string representation of the specified jarentry s name.
Create an immutablemap from a base map.
Create an event listener.
Set the state of the iterator.
Used by a collection to iterate over a filterablecollection.
Puts one element into the end of the iterator.
Retrieve the trackinfo object from the specified event model.
Exports this string - long data to a HashMap.
Imports a resource optional.
Generate an error image for the specified lines of text.
Get the content of a url as a buffered image.
get a json object from url
Reverse the values in the source map to the values in the target map.
Makes a multiplication of this hashset.
Starts the background thread.
Returntopool the object to the pool.
Create a new endedevent from an identification.
Retrieve the trackinfo at the current position in the queue.
Update the playlist with a new trackinfo.
Shuffles the entire playlist.
Verifies whether the specified capabilities are supported by the playback and not.
This method can be used to export the entire process into a HashMap. The export is done
Escapes a string for use in an XML document.
Writes challenge data to the server.
Converts the current object to a JSON string.
blocking until event is available or stop
Handle event.
Join all the queues.
Set a property on this object.
Remove a property.
Adds a principal to the set of principals.
Remove a principal from the set of principals.
The root window event handler.
Attempts to create a new commonevents with the specified attributes.
Called when an event is received from the server.
Returns true if ispermanent.
Sets the name of the roster.
Returns true if this map contains the specified key.
Returns true if the specified object contains the specified value.
Adds a value to the map. If the value is already present in the map the
Clears all entries from this hash table.
Hashes the specified object key.
Returns true if key1 and key2 are equal ; false otherwise.
Returns true if the specified objects are equal ; false otherwise.
Ensures that the new capacity is at least the old capacity.
Decides whether a new capacity should be reclaimed or not.
Returns an empty iterator or a new iterator.
load the object with the specified key from the datainputstream and store it in the output
creates a new context and sets it as the parent context
Notifies the listeners about the reconnection failed.
Notifies the attempt to reconnect in.