Emit an item to the queue .
Wrap an observable .
Synchronously sort the elements of a list .
Create a replay of the given co .
Create unicast processor .
Create a unicast processor .
Tries to apply a function to a value and then calls the function on the given string .
Creates a flowable x with a given value .
Reset all the scheduler properties .
Create a Java source from a completer .
Try to create a single source from a single source .
Return a future that will retry the given predicate .
Require a non - null pointer to an object .
Get identity function .
Create a simple callable that can be used as a value .
Creates a simple function that can be used as a value .
Creates a new cast to target .
Create a unicast subject .
Create a unicast subject .
Create a unicast subject .
Create a unicast subject .
Checks if there is no exception .
Wait for the given number of elements in the given timeout .
Waits for the given number of elements to be blocking .
Double - loop until max loop is reached .
Make a request to the given subscription .
Mark the produced value as completed .
Get the value of the given type .
Returns the error or None .
Checks if the given disposable is a disposable object .
Synchronously sets the first value of the given disposable .
Checks whether the given subscription is subscribed to a subscription .
Set the first occurrence of a subscription .
Add a cap to a and b .
Multiply a multiply cap .
Add a value to the specified number of bytes .
Create a null pointer to an exception .
Add an object to the list .
Shutdown the scheduler .
Create a scheduled executor .
Set the current subscription .
This loop is used to loop through each element in the list .
Wrap an error into a runtime exception .
Flatten a list of throw exceptions into a single list .
Convert an exception into an exception .
Remove all of the resources from this set .
Returns the number of disposable resources .
Tries to apply a function to an observable value .
Return a scalar x value with the given value .
Accepts a subscriber and returns True if it has already been accepted .
Accepts an observer from the list .
Initialize the subscription queue .
Initialize the subscription queue .
Adds the given t to the queue .
Get the disposable
Complete the current value .
Called when an error occurs .
Complete the complete flag .
Perform an async consumer .
Send a request to the upstream .
Add a subscriber to the list of subscribers .
Removes the specified publishable .
Observe the given flow with the given configuration .
Parse http service annotations .
set the delay in seconds
Create an error response .
calculate delay
Create sample data .
Returns the HTTP method value of a given HTTP method .
Search for a user in a directory .
Encodes the password using the specified salt sequence .
Returns True if the password matches the encoded password .
Checks if version is valid .
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the framework should be disabled .
returns the spring - core version of the framework
Declare the attribute exchange provider .
Get oauth2 client .
Get oauth2 security server
Returns True if the attribute matches the given value .
Retrieve a directory entry in a directory .
Search for multiple attribute values .
Search for a directory entry .
Creates a new search controls .
This function will look up the primary keys for acls .
Build a pre authenticated authorities .
Creates a root server .
Create servlet api filter
Create a new jaas api filter
Create whitelisted default types .
Add a spring security filter to the servlet context .
return a persistent rememberme token
Gets a list of authority information for the given attributes .
Return a cipher object for the given algorithm .
Call method after all properties are set .
Perform the filter .
Checks if the current principal has changed
Perform authentication .
Ensure that the content length of the response is complete .
Maps a list of authority to a set of authorities .
Set login url .
Update the default authentication url .
Updates the default authentication settings .
Map a password value to a string .
Extract the cookie value from the cookie request .
Encode the given cookie tokens .
Set a cookie .
Resolves the given method with the given parameters .
Extracts a regular expression from a request .
Get the service port .
Returns the user s principal
Logout of the current user .
Authenticate an authentication token .
Sets the properties of the context .
Returns the URL to redirect to .
Output end tag .
Initialize the user details .
Get the user details service .
Adds pkce parameters to the dictionary .
Checks if the request requires authentication .
Perform authentication checks on the request .
Perform a proxy request to the server .
Checks if the user is authenticated .
Returns True if the request is configured for the given request .
Creates method security root .
Get the current JWT .
Encode a string using utf8 .
Get groups based on the current user based on the granted authorities .
Load user details by assertion .
get the user name
Concatenate multiple byte arrays together .
Returns a copy of the given byte array .
Returns a list of all granted authority attributes .
Return a hash of access to the given map .
Returns a list of authority collections .
Add a grant to the result collection .
Returns the user authenticated principal
Returns the shared object of the specified type .
Build a HTTPS redirect URL for the given request .
Invoke the method on the given join point .
Return a string with role .
Return a list of all of the given roles .
Called when a login succeeds .
Attempt to switch the username in the request .
Attempt to exit the user if not found .
Set the exit user url .
Get a random contact .
Apply filters to the filter chain .
Decode a JWT token .
Perform authorization using the access expression .
Returns True if the request is allowed to authenticate with the given URL .
Convert a JWT into a list of access tokens .
Generate a CSRF token for the request .
get admin page by contact ID
Add permission to a contact .
Add a permission to the contact manager
Private function to get a role prefix .
Creates a new user details from a string .
Returns a list of values for the given attribute name .
Get the first attribute value .
Encode a string to a byte array .
Decode a byte string to a string .
Looks up the parameter names of the given object .
Add a contact to a web contact .
Finds and returns a collection of attributes matching the specified method .
Adds a method to the configuration .
Returns a set of all configuration attributes .
Checks if the mapped method name matches the mapped method .
Check if any request matches any request .
Catch exceptions and log them .
Get a random contact .
Removes the authentication attributes from the request .
Get the field with the given name .
Construct the service url .
Create a redirect URL .
Extract prefix from enc pass .
Send a request to the server .
Checks the filter stack .
Returns a list of all registered extractor types .
Returns the traceback of the given throwable .
Register access manager .
Convert a list of user authorities into a set .
Returns True if two bytes are identical .
Set the default failure url .
Set the function to resolve hidden inputs .
Build the request URL .
Test if a string is absolute .
Create a list of attributes matching the given identifier .
Convert a serializable identifier to a SQL identifier .
Create the list of entries in the ACL .
Insert an object identity into the database .
update object identity
Save the request if it matches the request .
Create a server exchange matcher for a list of patterns .
Checks if any of the exchanges are any exchanges that were registered for any exchange .
Emux encryptor for a password .
A simple password encryptor .
A plaintext encryptor that encrypts the password using hex encoding .
Writes allowed headers to response .
Determine the target URL .
Determine target URL .
Sets the target url parameter .
Private method to get immediate parent directory populated with immediate parent directory .
Build a distinguished name .
Creates a dictionary of shared objects .
Configure haas configuration using login configuration .
Get the current date .
Internal helper to parse a date string .
Update the cache with the given key and value .
Set authentication details .
Private method to get the user name .
Returns a list of web sphere groups .
Build a distinguished name .
Raise an exception if the number of sessions exceed the allowed sessions .
Copies details from one authentication token to another .
Returns a list of filters that match the request .
Get a list of filters .
Get the required web application context .
Return the full distinguished name in the given context .
Set session attributes .
Create a basic auth scheme .
Associate the given filters .
Add a filter to the list of filters .
Create a basic auth scheme .
Creates a NTLM scheme for authentication .
Create a form auth scheme .
Proxy the given uri .
Returns a string representation of the response .
Create a restful config object from a redirect configuration .
Define a default encoder config parameter .
Create a new object mapper configuration object .
return a new object mapper configuration
Create a mock mvc config .
Create a mock mvc config with a mock configuration .
Mock a mock mvc config .
Create mock mvc config .
Create mock mvc config .
Returns a mock mvc config .
Create a mock mvc config .
Create a mock mvc config .
Returns a mock mvc config .
Returns mock mvc config .
Returns mock mvc config param .
Returns a mock mvc config .
Public method for public certificate auth settings .
Create a new XML path config .
Creates a new xml path with the given prefix and uri .
Perform an HTTP request .
Set request headers .
Sets the proxy for this client
Specify a control name .
Ensures that a multi part spec is not empty .
Set basic authentication for the client .
Connect to the NTLM server .
Creates a header object with headers added .
Reset all properties of the mock .
Sets the response headers .
Build the rest assured response
A decorator that creates a custom cookie matcher with a given value .
Creates a new CookieMatcher with a given comment .
Build a custom cookie matcher with expiry date .
Build a custom cookie matcher with a domain name .
Creates a custom cookie matcher that matches the given path .
A decorator that creates a secure cookie matcher with a secure cookie .
Build a detailed cookie matcher .
Creates a custom cookie matcher with the given version .
Build a custom cookie matcher with max age .
Ensures that the response is expected to be expected .
Set the expected header value to be expected .
Expect a cookie .
Creates a proxy specification .
Create a json path config object .
Create a JSON path config with default parser type .
default log config
public log level function
create http request base
Returns a new configuration with default boundary .
Add attribute to a mock request .
Add a header to the mock request .
Add a multi - part control part to the request .
Add result handlers to a mock request .
set http client parameters
Add http client params to this instance .
create a new http client
configure http client
Gets the object at the specified path .
Get integer value as int .
Get the byte at path .
Returns the short value for the given path .
Gets the float value at path .
Get a double value from a path .
Gets a long long .
Get a list of items from a list .
Gets a map from a path .
get object from path
Set the body of the object .
Add cookies to the request spec .
Add a parameter to the spec .
Adds a parameter to the spec .
Create mock mvc param config .
Create a response logging filter .
Add cookies to the given cookie .
Clean up garbage collected state .
Index all explicit bindings .
Binding implementation .
Convert a constant string to a constant .
Cleanup internal dependencies of a binding .
Removes a failed jit binding .
Get the internal dependencies of a binding .
Create an uninitialized binding .
Get all parameters from a single parameter injector
Bind provider instance to provider .
Bind a logger instance to the provider .
Checks if a member is malformed .
Checks if two methods are overrides .
Initialize delegate .
Returns the type of the provider .
Resolves all the given types into a list .
Canonicalizes a type literal for a key literal .
Pre - prepare converters for all built - in converters .
Return the canonical class loader .
Returns true if the cglib class has the same version as the class loader .
Returns True if member is public False otherwise .
Fix the annotations of a public key .
Enables injection of an instance .
Validate all pending injections .
Create a new instance of the constructor .
Creates a factory for the given scope .
Make a scoping for a given scope annotation .
Normalize a path
Generate an annotation for the given type .
Returns True if the retention policy is at runtime .
Find a scope annotation .
Get the key associated with a member .
Returns the name of a key .
Initialize delegate .
Adds direct type binding to a binding .
Get a constructor from a cache entry .
Checks if the given interceptor class has a scope annotation .
Create a new map binder .
Create a key for a new value .
Provides a method to provision a TensorFlow instance .
Create a copy of the object replacing any source objects .
The static module for the given module .
Returns a collection of assist methods .
Checks if the given type is not fully configured .
Checks if the constructor has matching parameters .
Returns a set of all dependencies of a given injection point .
Removes all of the dependencies from a set of dependency types .
Determine if dependencies are injected .
This method is used to get the binding of the given method .
Invoke a method on the given object .
Returns a string indicating whether the error is missing .
Create a new multibinder in a new set .
Get the key for a new item
Find the next filter that matches the request .
Checks if an injector is present in the injector .
Returns the constructor of the constructor
Get all internal dependencies .
Creates a module for scanning the specified module and annotates it with the given scanner .
Get the annotation for a given method .
Get the line number of a member .
Initialize the lookup process .
Validate and canonicalized object .
Raise error if warnings are not available .
Create a new member injector .
Creates a list of injectors for injection points .
Creates a new key for the given type .
Returns an annotation strategy for the given annotation type .
Generate an annotation strategy for the given annotation type .
Prune the stack trace of a throwable exception .
Get the traceback of the source of a class .
Creates a new message .
Creates a message with the given exception and arguments .
Creates a new error message .
Recursively convert an object into an object .
Checks if the given class name is skipped .
Returns a stack trace of the given module class names .
Manage a module .
Push a dependency onto the stack .
Push the given source to the specified key .
Create a new initializable value for the given instance .
Provision the given instance of the given provider .
Called when a connection event is received .
Adds a connection event processor .
get the result of the future task
Raise a throwable exception .
Register a processor for a specific command .
Register a default processor .
Get a remoting processor for a command code .
Try to get a url .
Decodes the protocol code from the input stream .
Get all connections in the database .
Scan pool for all connections that have expired .
Coroutine to get and create a connection .
Attempt to create a connection and heal if needed .
remove task from pool
Perform heal if necessary .
Create a connection from the given URL .
Close connection to server .
Called when the connection is closed .
Closes this channel .
Set attribute if key is absent .
Register user processor in user processors .
Register user processor for multi - interest .
Dispatch a command to user processor .
Deserialize a request command .
Prepare a remoting context .
Logs an RPC request command .
Log a debug command .
Execute a process task .
Send a command to the channel .
Convert a bit set bs to a byte array .
Convert integer to bit set .
Add a reconnect task .
Create a remoting command .
Filter connections by service .
This method is called when the last select connect is started
Get a boolean value as a boolean .
Log an info message .
Return True if this packet is a request timeout .
Returns the user processor associated with the given class .
Return a random connection from the pool .
Retrieves a value from the context .
Get the value of a property .
Resolve a response command to a remote object .
Converts an rpc response command to a python object .
Return a throwable exception from an RPC response .
Returns detailed error message
create rpc server exception
Writes a connection trace to the logger .
Create a new event loop group .
Parse the remote address as a string .
Parse the local address of the local channel .
Returns the IP address of a channel .
Returns the host name of a remote channel .
Returns the local IP address of the local channel .
Returns the port number of the given channel .
Returns the local port of the local channel .
Parse a socket address into a host IP address .
Add a connection to the pool .
Try to remove a connection .
Register a custom serializer .
Get a custom serializer by name .
Register custom serializer for command code .
Get custom serializer for command code .
Check if a remote address is connected .
Initialize write buffer water mark
Returns a framedata object for a given opcode .
Read a batch of bytes from web socket .
Sets the code for this message .
Raises an error if the frame is not utf8 .
Update the payload .
Checks if the given protocol has the requested protocol .
Raise exception if length exceeds max frame size
Checks if the packet size is smaller than the given maxpacket size .
Generate a final key from string .
process a continuous frame and check if it is continuous .
Process binary data .
log an exception to the web socket
Process a framed data frame .
process a frame is finished
This method is called when the frame is not finished .
Process closing frame .
Raise an exception if the buffer is too large .
Private method to get the payload from the byte buffer .
Get the total size of the byte list .
Translate a handshake server into a handshake object .
Translates a handshake client to a single handshake .
Decode the given socket buffer .
Close the connection to the server .
Close the connection to the server .
Create a HTTP response from an error code .
Send a draft message .
reset the connection to the server
connect to the device
Returns the port number .
Send a handshake .
set the connection timeout
Called when the connection is lost .
Start the timer that the connection is lost .
This function is called when the connection is lost .
Called when a connection is lost .
Cancel the connection when the connection is lost .
Create a handshake instance .
Send ping frame .
Stops the given timeout .
Get the current port .
Do a read from the queue .
Accept the server .
Perform a read request .
Write the key to the channel .
Setup the selector and server
Ensure single thread is open .
Shutdown the server .
Get a socket from a web socket .
Broadcasts data to multiple clients .
Broadcasts the given text to the given clients .
Broadcasts object data to all clients
Fill the frames with the given data .
Transfer a byte buffer from one byte to another .
Instantiates the JPA server .
Returns an entity manager .
Starts a transaction with the given block .
Convert a list of arguments to scala buffer .
Wrap the given arguments into a list .
Get the value associated with the given arguments .
Get a string representation of the given list of arguments .
Returns True if the given key is defined in the given language .
Select the preferred language .
Return the preferred messages .
Set the language of the result .
Creates a builder that binds the given modules .
Declare the dependencies for the given modules .
Returns a new instance of this inject .
Creates a builder that overrides the given modules .
Declare the dependencies of this module .
Returns a copy of this inject .
Disable the specified module classes .
The complete stage of the completion stage .
Converts an existing file to an existing one .
Creates a binding for the given class in the given scope .
Creates a tuple of two tuples .
Return a 3 - tuple containing the three tuple components of a tuple .
Convert an executor to an executor .
Creates a jpa .
Creates a new jpa .
Create a JPA instance from a mapping of strings .
Create a flow with a given callback .
Create a flow through a JSON stream .
Adds a constraint validator to the given type .
Private method to create a new instance of a constraint .
Get a method matching the given parameters .
Called when client error occurs .
Do a bad request .
Creates a confirmation that is not forbidden .
Wrap a not found page .
Overrides server error logging .
Log server error .
Convert the given throwable exception to a useful API exception .
Creates a complete completion task .
Create a complete future server error .
Create a file handler from a list of files .
Create a documentation handler for a given directory .
build a doc handler from a directory and its subdirectories
Creates a new documentation handler based on a directory and a jar file .
Create a documentation handler from a jar .
Creates a complete stage of data stream .
Returns the HTTP entity from the content .
Construct a HTTP entity from a string .
Create a chunked HTTP entity by chunked data .
Creates a status object .
Send a status code to a status node .
Build a HTTP status message .
Send a status message to status .
Return the status of a static file .
Find user by id .
Returns a new lang that is preferred for the given candidates .
Creates a unique call .
Send a request to the API .
Returns an absolute URL for an HTTP request .
Return the URL for a HTTP request .
A simple function to run a connection function on a connection .
Creates a function that calls the connection function with the given block .
Create a static server for router .
Tries to convert json to json
Convert json to a Python object
Parse a JSON string into a Node object .
Parse a JSON string into a Node object .
Returns relative path relative to start path .
Return a canonical version of a URL .
Display a list of constraints to display .
Convert a constraint descriptor into a tuple of attributes .
Apply the specified duration to the given stage .
Parse a cron date .
Returns the number of crontab interval for the given date .
Create a wsgi client .
Creates a Guice application builder .
Render todo .
Deprecated .
Deprecated .
Return a binding key for an instance .
Return a binding key for the given annotation .
Bind the given implementation to the given class .
Bind to the given provider .
Returns a binding of the given instance .
Returns the bound to the given key .
Bind provider to provider .
Return a list of available languages .
Returns the preferred lang .
Creates a new evolutions reader from a dictionary .
Return a reader for evolutions .
Resolves all evolutions in a database .
Create a guice application builder with a configuration loader .
Creates a Guice application builder using a loader loader .
Creates a builder from the given modules .
Load Guice application builder .
Build a Guice application builder .
Load a Guice application builder .
Creates a guice application builder .
Encode a Cookie .
Returns the current entity manager .
Returns a deque of the current entity managers .
Push an entity to the stack .
Pass in a multiprocess .
Create a new flow that passes the flow in chunks .
Converts a list of arguments to a list of error messages .
Fill a form with the given value .
Returns a list of global validation errors .
Return a json representation of the errors in lang .
Returns a list of values from the element with the given key .
Fill a form with the given values .
Parses a string into a class instance .
Parses the given string into the type descriptor .
Return a string representation of the given object .
Returns the string representation of the given type .
Returns a string representation of the given type .
Decorator to register a custom format converter .
Register a formatter for the given type .
Encode a Cookie object .
Returns the list of nodes connected to the given node .
Convert a list of elements to a list .
Convert a sequence to a sequence .
Create a copy of the input array with the given arguments .
Map a websocket acceptor for incoming requests .
Accept or result a web socket accept or result .
Calculates the cost of the promotion cost of a given type .
Calculates the total transformation cost .
Calculates the cost of an object transformation between the destination class and the destination class .
Get the value at the given key .
Get the message at the given keys .
Creates a new database from the given url .
Create a parallel sorting function .
Sort a list of items .
Merge the sort function .
Invoke the target function .
Load an argument at the specified index .
Emits a field .
Pushes a zero or null value to a type .
Mark a type as null .
Process a code block for processing array elements .
Compute a null - comparison expression .
Resolve all classes under the class loader .
Checks the existence of a list of constructor descriptors .
Set the superclass of this class .
Emits the given fields .
Add signature and exception types .
Return the cardinality of the sequence .
Set the default naming policy .
Find all the methods in the given list of methods and descriptors .
Resolves a path to a relative path .
Read a string from a file .
Sets the HTTP request header .
Create a new HTTP request .
Create a HTTP request to the given destination .
Creates a new HTTP request .
Construct a POST request .
Build a PUT request .
Construct a HTTP request to the specified destination .
Create a DELETE request .
Create a HEAD request .
Create a HTTP request to trace a destination .
Creates a new HTTP request with the given destination .
Sends a HTTP request to the http request path
Sets HTTP request cookies .
Query the HTTP request .
Add a query to the http request .
Sets the query string for the HTTP request .
Get the string representation of the current query .
Build a host URL .
Set basic authentication basic auth .
Set the host header .
Buffer the buffer for the given size .
Remove a range from a handler .
Returns the number of exception table lengths .
Collect all registered interceptors .
Collect all action filters .
Collect all action results .
Collects the list of action runtimes .
Sets the simple property of the given value .
Gets the value of the named property .
Extracts the reference from the property name .
Get a print writer .
Associate an object with the given name .
Get a reference to an object .
Look up object reference
Get the descriptor of a table descriptor .
Find a table descriptor by its column ref .
Get the alias for a table
Register a table reference .
Look up a table descriptor by its name .
Register a hint .
Serialize value to json .
Injects the specified attributes into the servlet request .
Inject parameters into a servlet request .
Inject files into a servlet request .
Convert a property name to a column name .
Convert a column name to a property name .
Apply the transformation to a column name .
Store a value in the database .
Convert the given object to the specified type .
Get all wrappers .
Resolves the given class with the given name .
create and return a class
Convert a path to a system separator .
Get a path from a filename .
Split a filename into a list of base names .
Return a relative path relative to target path .
Register a class with a madvoc component .
Creates a new web app with an action configurable .
Start the web application .
Initialize the madvoc container .
Exclude excluded jars .
Add jars to the class scanner .
Include specified entries .
Exclude excluded entries .
Scan the given jar file and scan its contents .
Recursively scans the given root directory for the given root path .
Returns the bytecode of the given type .
Scan a list of paths to scan .
Start scanning jar files .
Creates a new transaction .
Get or initialize the given scope class .
Get or init a madvoc scope .
Register a scope for a given type .
Prepare a csrf token .
Ensure that the token set is still valid .
Check if a csrf token has expired .
Creates a copy of the specified object .
Create a copy of this class .
Set property to destination .
Initialize the entity reference .
Resolve a given scope and return it .
Register a petite .
Register a bean definition .
Remove a bean from the list of class types .
Resolves the names of the names of the given type .
Register a petite ctor .
Register a property injection point .
Register a petite set injection point
Used to register a petite method .
Register a petite init method .
Register a petite destroy method .
Register a provider with a provider
Register a provider with the given class .
Iterates over all of the beans in the specified type .
Define all parameters defined in the Map .
Invoke the given action request .
Resolves the Java version of the given version .
Push an integer to the buffer .
Raises a proxetta exception if the argument does not exist
Returns field name .
Returns a method name for the proxied method .
Load special method arguments .
Loads all static method arguments from a static method .
Loads the arguments of the virtual method .
Loads the function argument at the given index .
Stores the function argument at the given index .
Prepare the return value of a method .
Create a unique key .
Generate new array for new components .
Store the specified component into an array .
Extract encoding from a content type .
Check if the given flags are empty .
Resolves auth bearer token from a request .
Require authentication .
Prepare a file to download .
Prepare the content type for the given HTTP response .
Returns a list of cookies with the given name .
Read the request body from a reader object .
Read the request body from the given HTTP request .
Stores the given path to the given page context .
Stores the given context path into the servlet context .
Checks if a GET parameter is in the request .
Prepare a list of parameters to be sent to the server .
Copy parameters from servlet request to attributes .
Invoke the body of the given fragment .
Render a fragment body as a character array .
Render the given fragment as a string .
Invoke the init methods of the given class .
Call all destroy methods of the bean definition
Creates a new bean instance and creates it
Inject parameters into the container definition .
Rewrite the action path .
Add a header to the list .
Adds a value to a props entry for the given key .
Stores a base property .
Put a value into a profile .
Get a property from a profile entry .
Resolves a string to a list of macros .
Creates a new map from a set of profiles .
This function is used to turn a stream of bytes into a single word .
Hash password with salt .
Checks if the given plaintext hashed and hashed bits .
Return the number of bytes written to the given output stream .
Return the number of bytes written to the given output stream .
Parse action and return the action config .
Resolve an action config .
Attempt to register an alias .
Read intercepted action interceptors .
Read action filters .
Returns the path of the action class .
Reads the action path for the action .
Parse the method alias .
Create a new action runtime .
Set the last modification time and update the status header .
Apply advice to a target class .
Recursively inject a value into the object
Visitor for an annotation .
Resolves a real name to its real name .
Resolves the json name of a json name .
Lookup type data for a given type .
Look up the type data for the given type .
Find the subclass type data .
Resolves a JSON name for the given name .
Resolves the real name for the given json type .
Get the content of the temporary file .
Copies the bootstrap methods to the class reader .
Set major version and class name .
Add the constant pool to the output buffer .
Add the bootstrap methods to the output .
Add a constant field reference to the specified symbol .
Add a constant member reference to a symbol .
Adds a constant member to a constant pool .
Add a constant member reference .
Add an integer or float .
Add an integer or float .
Add a constant to the pool .
Adds a long value to the given index .
Add a constant name and descriptor to the pool .
Add a constant name and descriptor .
Add a constant to the constant pool .
Add a constant value to the specified symbol .
Add a constant method handle .
Adds a constant to the given bootstrap method .
Add a dynamic symbol to the bootstrap method .
Add a dynamic or invoke a dynamic reference .
Add a dynamic or invoke dynamic reference .
Add a constant to a constant pool .
Adds a reference to a constant .
Add a bootstrap method .
Add merged type .
Calculate the hash of a string .
Clear all entries from the HTTP multi - map .
Get all values of the given name .
Returns an iterator over the elements of the map .
Returns a list of all entries in the list .
Grow the buffer to make sure it is less than min capacity .
Append the given character sequence to the specified range .
Visit an annotation .
Create proxy declarations .
Create the first chain delegate .
Create the delegate method for the first chain .
Parse a path string into a path .
Push a field to the end of the path .
Configure the servlet context .
Execute a method on the target .
Returns a list of all field descriptors .
Creates a new proxy for the given name .
Convert a db transaction mode to db transaction mode .
Reads the specified property from source .
Put all the values in the given dictionary into the given map .
Add a buffer to the list .
Write the list of objects to a writer .
Writes the output to the specified output stream .
Writes the output to the specified output stream .
Get a string representation of the specified key .
Get an integer from the given key .
Get the value of a key .
Get the value of a double key .
Get a float value from the given key .
Get the value of the given key .
Stores the given JSON object with the given key .
Use this method to open a folder .
Receives messages from the server .
update flags and open the mailbox
Closes folder if opened .
find a named parameter by name
Perform validation steps .
Add a violation .
Set the mime type of the content .
Sets the raw data downloadable to download .
Declare the input stream .
Private method to set the target of the class .
Sets the target class to use .
Processes the proxetta stream .
Create the target class and write it to the debug folder .
Create a new object and return it .
Write a byte array of bytes to the debug folder .
Send a email address to the specified personal name .
Adds the email to the recipient list .
Creates a Personalized email address .
Sends email to this message .
Sets the email address of this recipient .
Creates an email message
Creates an email message
Sets the header with the given name and value .
Get a system property .
Get a boolean value .
Get the value of a variable as an integer .
Get a long integer value from a string .
Returns a list of method parameters for the method extractor .
Serialize a key value to the current path .
Look up an alias by its alias .
Resolve an alias by its index .
resolute path to absolute path
Resolve a path to a value .
Returns the index of the last slash in str .
Returns the last index of a string in str .
Find the index of a string after a slash .
Resolves schema name to a schema name .
Resolve the column descriptors for a db entity descriptor .
This method is used to initialize the key - value pair .
Mix together two nodes .
Remix a node by its j .
Schedules the given number of threads .
Initialize the block of data .
Encrypts a block of data .
Convert a byte array to a long list of bytes .
Removes any lower bounding string from the given string .
Returns the path to the target method .
Compress a file to a file .
Compress a file to a file .
Unzip a file .
Lists the names of all entries in a zip file .
Unzip a zip file .
Add a file to the zip output .
Add a file to the zip output .
Get descriptor descriptor .
Get property descriptor by name .
Set the bundle name of the request .
Set the locale for the given session .
Get the locale from the session .
Returns a list of parameters filtered by name .
Adds a list of profiles to the props .
Get a longian long value from a byte array .
Read a byte array from input stream .
Read label at offset .
Returns the offset of the specified type annotation .
Read the current bootstrap methods attribute .
Inspect all constructor descriptors .
Finds a ctor descriptor that matches the given arguments .
Get a map from servlet request .
Creates a new map for the given servlet request .
Converts an array to an array .
Initialize the filter configuration .
Add a file to the search path .
Add a search path to the container .
Find files in the rules .
Exclude files matching the given patterns .
Adds a path to the path list .
Returns a list of all the files .
Initialize mode .
Returns an iterator over the elements in the current file .
Get the wiring mode for a given type .
Resolves the name of a petite bean .
Get a print writer .
returns the output stream
Returns the class name as a string .
Get descriptor for a constructor .
Builds a method descriptor .
Get a method descriptor for a given method .
Append descriptor to the string builder .
Get the size of the array .
Get the number of arguments for a method descriptor .
Set the rollback of a transaction .
Attempts to commit or rollback transaction .
Rollback all resources managed by this transaction .
Request a resource for the given resource type .
Pops a new name .
Writes a string to the given string .
Write unicode character to str .
Writes the given character sequence to the output file .
Set the parsing error log level .
Set the region start and end of a region .
Returns True if value is contained in string .
Register a pseudo function in the given class .
Look up a pseudo function by its name .
Initialize this class .
Visit an annotation .
Make static init block .
Create a proxy constructor .
Processes the super class reader .
Find the highest value in a range .
Add the prefix to the string .
Replace all ASM instructions in the class file .
Private method to get attribute prototypes .
Register a new SQL type to the registry .
Look up SQL type by clazz .
Lookup sql type by class .
Create a proxy info object .
Create a proxy info object .
Shortcut for HTTP proxy info .
Returns the number of thread transactions .
Returns the number of thread transactions with the given status .
Associate the transaction with the given transaction .
Continue a transaction on a transaction .
Checks if the given resource type is already registered .
create a proxy object
Append method name to path .
Align a string to a given size .
Converts a string to camel case .
Formats a paragraph into a string .
Converts spaces to spaces .
Escape a regular expression to be escaped .
Unescape a string from a regular expression .
Retrieves the specified class from the given type .
Retrieves the bean with the given name .
Initialize the container definition .
Invoke provider .
Add a bean to the factory .
Sets the property of a property
get property by name
Destroys all of the contexts of this instance .
Resolves a method or class parameter into an array .
Print the body of the body after the body of the body .
Get a value from a list of profiles .
End the closing tag .
Creates an element node for the given tag .
Removes the last child node if empty .
Get the SQL query string .
Get the class name of an action .
Calculate the number of items from from from count to count .
Return a new string with the given substring .
Replace a substring with a sub .
Replace all occurrences of the given string with the given sub array .
Replace the substring with the given sub .
Return a new string with the given substring .
Replace the last substring with the given sub .
Replace the last occurrence of a sub with the given sub .
Remove substring from s .
Remove a character from a string .
Return True if any of the given strings are empty .
Checks if any of the given strings are blank .
Converts a Python object to a list of strings .
Change the first character case .
Convert a string to a title .
Compress the given string with the given character .
Return True if src starts with a substring in src .
Returns true if the string ends with the given character .
Count the number of non - ignore case in source .
Returns True if all strings are equal to the same case .
Returns the index of the character in a string starting at startindex .
Strip leading char from a string .
Strip trailing char from string .
Removes the given character from the given string .
Strip a character from a string .
Strip a substring from a character .
Crop all the strings in the given list .
Removes trailing whitespace from a string .
Removes trailing whitespace from a string .
Find the index of a substring in a string .
Join a collection of elements into a string .
Join the elements of the list into a string .
Convert the given charset to a new charset .
Checks if the given character is at the given index .
Surround a string with a prefix .
Adds the given string prefix to the given string if it doesn t already exist .
Adds the given string to the given string .
Cut a substring of a string from a string .
Cut substring from string .
Remove the given prefix from a string .
Remove the given string suffix from a string .
Cut the surrounding string starting with prefix and suffix .
Insert a string into a string .
Repeatedly repeat a source .
Reverse the reverse of a string .
Return the maximum common prefix of two strings .
Find the common prefix of the given list of strings .
Shorten a string to the specified length .
Convert a string to upper case .
Removes all quotes from a string .
Convert a list of bytes to a hex string .
Get a byte array from a string .
Detect if a character char is in a quoted string .
Visit an enum .
Visit an annotation .
Register a new entity descriptor with the given type .
Register entity with given type .
Create a descriptor for the given entity type .
create entity instance of type
Specify the proxetta factory
Recursively inject target into an object .
Look up annotated properties of the given type .
Detect database server and configure database server .
Close the stream .
Write a byte to the current buffer .
Remove all session IDs from the request .
Encode the name as a unicode string .
Convert the stream to a byte array .
Write the data source to a file .
Write the contents of the mail source to a file - like object .
Appends an argument to the given description .
Prepend an argument to a string .
Change the return type of a string .
Strip excess whitespace from the text buffer .
Register a type converter .
Returns the converter for the given type .
select selector from CSS
Processes a list of CSS selector elements .
Adds a list of nodes to the list of selected nodes .
Select the first node matching the query .
Recursively walk a list of nodes yielding the result .
Recursively walk the root node and return the result .
Selects a selector and adds it to result .
Unpack a string from a string .
Refill the buffer .
return a page of data
Remove select clause from SQL
Removes to the from SQL from a string .
removes the last order by the last order by the last num
Decodes a HTML string into a string .
Detects the name of the entity with the given character .
Build the order of the given column .
Build a SQL statement from a query string .
Resolve column descriptors and associated properties .
Find a column descriptor by its column name .
Find a column descriptor by name .
Returns the property name associated with the given column descriptor .
Get the column name associated with the given property .
Get the id value of an object .
Set the value of an object s id property .
Get the key value of an object .
Append string to the array .
Set the index to the new index .
Expand the current array to a new one .
Calculate the length of the array .
Creates a mixing message .
Creates a proxy for the given refite
Initialize all the files in the directory .
Return a boolean indicating whether the file is accept .
set watcher to watch file
Start the watch loop .
Called when a directory watcher changes .
Adds an enumeration to the list .
Compute the field info size size .
Put the field info into the output buffer .
Creates a new target of the given value .
Write the value of an injection point .
Decorate a decora page with decora content .
Parses the page content and decora tags .
Write decorated page content .
Writes a region of decora tags to the given decora tag .
Start the server .
Run process result and return a process result .
Creates a IMapssl session .
Create gzip response stream .
Initializes the template .
Add the column name to the query .
Add a rule definition to a rule definition .
Apply rules to the given value .
Check if the given value is included .
Check if the given value is excluded .
Get the pseudo class name .
Add all elements in the collection to the end of the collection .
Finds the insertion point of an insertion point .
Bind an annotation to a class .
Create a new action config class and register it with the given class .
Lookup action config with given action type or annotation type .
Add the given action to the given consumer .
Sets system mail properties .
Validate a value within a validation context .
Finds the last table node in the given node
Fixes the foster elements .
Returns a list of session beans .
Get a map from the session to the session object .
Initialize this class .
Add an advice init method .
End the bundle .
Adds the configuration to the section .
Extracts a value from the given key .
Add a value to the list of strings .
Convert typedescaped class name to class name .
Convert a type reference to a string .
Convert a type reference to a type reference .
Adds the consumers to this consumer list .
Create collection .
Convert a single element to a single element collection .
Convert a Python value into a collection .
Convert a collection to a collection .
Add a line number to this line .
Visit the method .
Puts the code into the given instruction vector .
Adds a forward reference to a source instruction .
Mark a subroutine as subroutine .
Compare two digits .
Remove accent from a character .
Add a byte to the data vector .
Put an 11 - bit integer value into the current buffer .
Add a short value to the byte vector .
Put an integer value into the current data vector .
Put two double value pairs into the current buffer .
Put an int value into the current byte vector .
Add a double value to the data vector .
Add a long value to the current byte vector .
Add a byte array to the buffer .
Increase the size of the given size .
Attempt to authenticate user via HTTP request .
Authenticate user via token request .
Attempt to authenticate user via HTTP auth .
Find the default message for the given locale .
Get a resource bundle from the given name .
Returns the element at the given index .
Set entity id value .
save entity to database
Update an entity .
update entity property
Updates the property of an entity
Find an entity by its identifier and id .
Find entity by name and value .
Find one record matching criteria .
Delete entity by type and id .
delete entity by id
Returns the number of entities in the specified entity type .
Increase a property on a entity .
Decrease a property by its name .
Find related entities in a target .
List all entities in a type .
Remove all entries from the dictionary .
Returns a set of unique entries for this object .
Add an attribute to an object .
Removes an attribute from the object .
Get current stack trace element .
Returns a list of stack trace elements in a stack trace .
Returns a list of stack trace elements .
Returns a list of the exception chain for the given exception .
Returns a string representation of an exception .
Returns a string representation of the exception chain .
Build the error message .
Unwraps the given throwable exception and returns it .
Register a class as a class consumer .
Register a new madvoc component class .
Get the class loader .
Get a resource stream from a resource .
Get a resource stream from a resource .
Returns an io stream of the given class as a stream .
Returns a stream of file name as a stream .
Add a new value chunk to the route .
Find a child route with the given value .
Parse the request and put it in a multipart request .
Convert a value to a collection type .
Invoke the specified setter on the given value .
Force the value of the array at the specified index .
create a bean property from a property
Extract the class type from the given property .
Stop the authentication cookie .
Starts the authentication session .
Returns a Date instance from the given local date .
Creates a gregorian calendar .
define a proxetta proxy
Adds a check to the list .
Create a validation context for a class .
Collect all checks of the given class .
Collects annotation checks from the given property descriptor .
Collect annotation checks .
Copy default properties from an annotation .
Encode a URI component into a string .
Encode a string using the given encoding .
Encode a scheme .
Encode a host component .
Encode a port into a URI .
Encode a URI path .
Encode a query string into a URI .
Encode a query param as a string .
Encode a fragment into a fragment .
Inspects the class descriptor of the class descriptor .
Get all property descriptors .
Returns a list of cookies .
Unzip the response body .
Close the HTTP response .
Return True if reference is accepted by the reference scope .
Encrypts the given bytes with the given bytes .
Decrypts the given encrypted content .
Converts a map element into an object .
Generify a list of elements in a list .
Sets the value of the object in the specified property descriptor .
Generates a map for the given key type and value type .
Compares the comparison to the value of another entity .
Sets the default HTTP header .
Send the HTTP request to the server .
Send a request to the HTTP server .
Add default headers to the http request .
Read the cookies from the HTTP response .
Add cookies to the request .
send email to service
Set the subject subject to the given message .
Set the sent date of an email message .
Sets the headers of an email with the given data .
Sets people and recipients .
Set the recipients of the given email .
Add body data to an email .
Set the content of an email message .
Create a mime body part .
Returns the content type of a data header .
Adds a new result set to the result set .
close all result sets
Close the SQLAlchemy query .
Closes the connection to this session .
Set the number of rows fetched for this query .
Set max rows .
Execute the update statement
Execute the query and return the result .
Get all generated columns .
Returns the SQL string associated with the query .
Creates a proxy of the given object .
Create a collection of elements from an iterator .
Create a stream of elements from an iterator .
Compare two objects .
Set the default wiring mode .
Prints a log message to stdout .
get the caller s caller class
Shorten a class name .
Exclude excluded types .
Serialize the given source and target to target .
Serialize the given object to a string .
Creates a copy of a serialized object
Write an object to a file .
Reads an object from a file .
Convert object to byte array .
convert a byte array to a python object
Resolve mapped types table names to mapped types .
Create a table name for the given types .
convenience method to read a column from a result set
Cache the entity descriptors for each object in the result set .
Resolves the provider definition for a given class .
Apply the transformation to a table name .
Test connection validity .
Render the view with the given target .
Locate a view in the given action request .
Get writer .
Return the output stream .
Write a byte array to the response .
Set content type .
Print the given string to the output stream .
Log in to the server .
Creates a JSON object with the token as a json object .
Attempt to login via the basic auth method .
Convert a URL to a file .
Create a directory if it exists .
Create a directory if exists .
Copies file from src to dest
Copies the contents of src dir to dest dir .
Move file to destination directory .
Move directory to dest if it exists .
Delete all files in a directory .
Read UTF - 8 chars from a file .
Read a file from a file .
Write bytes to a file .
Write a string to a file .
Write a string to a file .
Read count bytes from file .
Write bytes to dest .
Append bytes to a file .
Copies the contents of src to dest .
Delete a file or directory .
Create a temporary file and delete it .
Check if file is binary .
Checks the existence of a file or directory .
Copies the file to the destination .
Print the usage of a command .
Resolve a method by its name .
Register an action with the given action .
Register a path alias .
Increment the next boolean iteration .
Creates a new char array from the given value .
Execute the proxy .
Matches a sequence of characters in uppercase .
Creates a char sequence of characters from starting from from from to to to to to end .
Find all urls of the given class .
Adds a bccs to the email .
Register a new class with the given serializer .
Returns the serializer for the given type .
Parse a multipart request .
Get a parameter from the request parameters .
Returns a list of values for the specified parameter .
Get file upload parameters .
Returns a list of file uploads .
Initialize the filter configuration .
Parse the given SQL string and append it to the database .
Find the end of a macro in a template
Count the number of escapes in the given template .
Build a query string from the given map map .
Parse a string - like query string and return it as a dict .
Prepare header parameter name .
Extract media type from a media type .
Render a node as html .
Render node as inner html .
Configure the web app with the given parameters .
Reset this object to its initial state .
Validate JSON parser .
Overrides the original class with the given mapping .
Parse a JSON string into a list .
Parse a JSON string into a map .
Resolve a value from a supplier .
Skip an object .
Attempt to parse a string and return it .
Parse string content .
Parse unicode character .
Parse unquoted string .
Parse a number .
Parse array content .
Create empty constructor .
Create a method wrapper for a simple method .
Resolves the raw type name of a type .
Resolve a reference from a property descriptor .
Resolves a list of parameter references to a list of parameter values .
Read all references from an annotation .
Build the default references for the specified executable or method .
Build the default reference to the given property descriptor .
Removes all duplicate names .
Convert a list of strings to a list of bean references .
Convert an annotation value into a list of beans .
Run the joy of the given consumer .
Finds a static method by its name .
Finds a constructor for the given class and parameter types .
Resolves all the interfaces of the given type .
Compare two parameters .
Force access to an object .
Creates a new instance of the given class with the given parameters .
Returns a list of all superclasses of the given type .
Given a parent class find the child class of the given instance .
Returns the jar file of the given class .
Sleep the given number of times in the thread .
Sleep the current thread .
Wait for an object to complete .
Create a thread factory .
Gets the value of the current instance .
Visit parameter and access if necessary .
Visitor for an annotation .
Visit an insn .
Visit method insn .
Visit a dynamic instruction .
Visit an instruction .
Visit a multi dimension .
Visit a try catch block .
Write properties to a writer .
Process the input stream .
Moves the next element .
Moves the next item to the next item .
Join a list of arrays into a single array .
Join two arrays into one .
Resize a buffer to a new size .
Append a new element to the list .
Removes the specified component from the buffer .
Find the index of the given character in the array .
Returns the index of the first occurrence of a given value .
Find the index of sub in byte array .
Enable xhtml mode
Parse the given text and return a DOM document .
Parses the DOM and returns a DOM document
Compute the maximum stack and local variables .
End the current basic block .
Collect attribute prototypes .
Injects a class into the target object .
Register a pseudo class with the given type .
Lookup a pseudo class by its name .
Invoke the given action request .
Returns a list of all property names of the given type .
Recursively visit the properties of the source class .
Check if the given property matches the given rule .
Resolves the method injection point .
Reads the filter config from the given filter config .
Send a bundle response to the given response .
Look up a bundle file with the given bundle id .
Looks up the gzip bundle file if it exists .
Private method to synchronize a temporary bundle .
Create a digest of the given source .
Create a bundle from the given sources .
Reset all bundle resources to the framework
Replace css relative urls in the given file .
Updates the value of a column in an entity .
Create a table ref name for the given entity .
Retrieves the database session associated with the transaction .
convert a value to single element
Parse a signature into a map .
Resolves the set injection point of a class .
Matches the given property type to ignore .
Open a connection to the database .
Open a connection to the database
close transaction
Commit current transaction .
Roll back a transaction .
Load properties from a file .
Create a new properties from a string .
Load properties from a string .
Get a subset of properties from a properties dict .
Create a new properties from a classpath .
Get a string property from a map .
Recursively resolve all variables in a property
Resolves the given key in the given map .
Resolves the scope pattern for the given class and method name .
Get jtx transaction mode .
Register the transaction annotations .
Get the transaction annotation values for a specific method .
Accepts a node as a node .
Matches a node .
Apply the node to the list .
Unescape a value .
Returns a list of packages for the given Java version number .
Clones the given node to the given dest .
Detach from a parent node .
Adds a child to the end of the given nodes .
insert a child
Insert a new child before the ref child
Insert new childs before the ref child .
Insert a new child after the ref child .
Insert new childs after the ref child .
Remove all child nodes from the list
Find a child node with the given name .
Return a new node filtered by predicate .
Checks if children are empty .
Initialize child element nodes .
Initialize the sibling names of the siblings .
Initialize child nodes .
Recursively change the owner of a node .
get the previous sibling name
Get the text content .
get the inner html
Visit all children of a node .
Get the css path
Define decora tag .
Handles opening tag attr .
Define decora tag .
Add a proxy aspect .
Add a root package to the list of packages .
Add the root package of an action class .
Find the root package for the given action path .
Resolves the validation message for a given request .
Remove duplicate names .
Add a new props file to the props .
Iterates over all targets in the given consumer .
Iterate through all the targets and accept them in the given consumer .
Iterate through all the targets and accept them .
Extracts all the parameters from the parameters .
Creates a target list with the given parameters .
Create an action method if it is static .
Called when a session is created .
Called when a session is destroyed .
Add a JSON object to the list .
Adds all the elements of the given array to the list .
Returns a new json object with the item removed .
Resolve target to target value .
Called when the target is not found .
Converts a value to a string .
Add an action filter to this router .
get the pseudo function name
Resolves the properties of a class injection point .
Create a socks4 proxy socket
Get the number of attributes in this attribute .
Get a set of all results .
Returns True if the character in the given sequence matches the given character .
Find the first occurrence of a given character in source sequence .
Find the first occurrence of a given character in the source sequence .
Add arguments to the command line .
Add the environment variables to the command line .
Run a process runner .
Invoke a listener .
Copy the contents of a frame from another frame .
Get abstract type from buffer .
Set input frame from API format .
Get a local index .
Private method to set a local index .
Push an abstract type onto the stack .
Push a symbol to the symbol table .
Pops the last elements of the output stack .
Removes the arguments from the given descriptor .
Private method to add an initialized type .
Get the initialized type .
Add an abstract type to the output buffer .
Removes all expired entries from the cache .
Visitor for a module .
Visit an outer class .
Visitor for an annotation .
get db thread session
Closes the thread session
Private method to create the action wrapper .
Invoke the action method on the action class .
Read the request body from the HTTP request .
Calculate the first item of a page .
Calculate the first item of a page in a page .
Returns True if the given value is equal to the given value .
Convert a sequence of characters to a byte array .
Find the first substance of the given character in the source sequence .
Resolve the name of a node .
Resolve the name of an attribute .
Load properties from file .
Load properties from file .
Load properties from an input stream .
Load properties from a map .
Load properties from a dictionary .
Load properties from the classpath .
Get a value from the active profiles .
Set the value of a property .
Extract all active profiles from a map .
Extract properties from a map .
Extract sub - props from a map .
Get the values of all active profiles .
Adds the given map to the given map .
Resolve active profiles property
Get all profiles .
Returns a list of all the names matching the filter .
Adds a property injection point to the list of properties .
Adds a set injection point to the set .
Adds a method injection point to the list of methods .
Adds a list of init methods to the list of init methods .
Adds a destroy method to the list of destroy methods .
Resolves the given proxy to the target class .
Recursively inject target into the given object .
returns the type of the wrapper class
Find field descriptor by its name .
Returns the raw type of the class .
Resolve the key component type .
Resolve component type by its name .
Returns a JSON result of the given object .
Creates a JSON result from an exception .
Resolves a method name from a method name .
Checks if the given string matches the given pattern .
Resolve a loading strategy .
Checks if the class is not found .
Get a resource by its name .
Wait for the current thread to complete .
Detect the type of annotation .
Build an injection point .
Visit the class metadata .
Get a list of urls from a class loader .
Sets the bean for this component
Updates the bean from this component .
Load property descriptor .
Connect to the database
Add an item to the list .
Print logo .
Stop the application
Create a TCP socket .
Create ssl socket .
Returns the SSL socket .
Get a socket factory .
Returns a random string of random characters .
Return a random string from start to end .
Return a random string with random ranges .
Creates a new collection of objects from a target type .
Injects value into an object
Convert a value to target type .
Visit the given provider .
Creates a default type cache .
Adds the given value to the map .
Returns a list of all method descriptors .
Resolve a hostname to an IP address .
Convert an IP address into an integer .
Return True if the last IP address is valid .
Resolve the host name of an IP address .
Download the bytes of the given url .
Download a string from a URL .
Download a file from a URL .
Connect to the specified host and port .
Connect to the specified host and port .
Find the index of a primitive class name .
Loads a class from the given class name .
load array class by component name
Shuts down all of the instances .
Binary search for the given array .
Binary search for elements in an array .
Exclude given rules .
Adds the specified rules to the grammar .
Include all of the properties of a given template .
Set start index .
Register a component .
Resolve the SQLAlchemy SQL type for a column descriptor .
Preprocess the given SQL string .
Creates a default result set mapper .
Find the first generated column of type .
Populate the generated columns of an entity .
Creates a tracer for the given class .
Set the query parameters for the given bean .
Set a new query with the given parameters .
Set the given objects to the query .
Insert the next chunk after this chunk .
Private method to lookup the type descriptor for the given entity .
Find descriptor by column ref .
Returns the table alias for the given table reference .
Resolve the object to a class .
Ensures that the string is missing .
Returns an enumeration of file parameter names .
Include the specified page .
Returns the path to a servlet request .
Get the include request URI .
Resolves the parameter names of a method class .
Start the petite container .
Stop the petite container .
Add subject to the email subject
Add a message id to the email .
Add email addresses to the email list .
Add a to to the list of recipients to the email address
Add CC to the email address
Add bcc address to the email list
Add search term flags and value .
Add a flag to the email filter .
Add a date term to the search query .
Add a date term to the email search
Filter the email search term with the given size .
Appends an email filter to the query .
Applies the given email filters to the query .
Applies the given email filter to the given email filter .
Concatenate search terms .
Encode base32 into base32 string .
Checks if the request is gzip enabled .
Validates a target object against its schema .
Validate a set of validation violations .
Set the specified profile to use .
Sets the enabled profiles .
Matches a list of profiles .
Parses the request body and returns the object .
Converts the current date to milliseconds .
Return a new Julian date .
Return a new julian date .
Set the value of the given integer i . e . the fraction of the fraction .
Emits conditional comments .
Log an error .
Create a hash for the given password .
Private function used to generate a private key from a password .
Convert hex string to binary
Resolve provider definitions .
Set email attachment name .
Set content id based on name .
Resolve the content type to a mime type .
Parse the type of a signature .
Compute module attributes size .
Put attributes on the given byte vector .
Decode a byte string to a byte string .
Decode a byte string to a query string .
Initialize the database
Checks the connection to the provider
Visitor for a method .
Visit the end of the end of a function .
Creates a method signature visitor .
Convert a list of objects to a CSV string .
Convert a string representation of a line to a list of strings .
Resolve ctor injection point .
Create a proxy class reader .
Get cached advice class reader .
Encrypt a string using utf8 .
Decrypt a string and decrypt it .
Get a logger by name .
Set the name of the packet .
Create a new action request .
Creates a filter and returns it .
Recursively destroy the given bean .
Shuts down all destroyable beans .
Get a list of mail sent emails .
The main entry point for the cluster .
Run the main loop .
Print error message .
Print rate and bytes .
Map a file to an existing file .
Close the archive .
Perform the actual work count .
Return the position of the current buffer .
Accept a message and offer it to the active partition .
Append the given length to the end of the message .
Closes the archive .
Checks if the control response is an error response .
Stop the replay .
Print event information .
Called when an image is unavailable .
Create a new status indicator reader .
Create a new status indicator reader .
Set limit of buffer .
Appends the given buffer to the buffer at src offset .
Poll the server .
Map a map loss report to a map file .
Return a snapshot of the current streams .
Create a safe default buffer for the session .
Add a key weight buffer to the message buffer .
Adds a weight buffer to the buffer .
Send a connect request .
Try to establish a connection .
Send a close session .
Send a start recording request .
Send a stop recording request .
Send a replay request .
Stop a replay .
Get a list of recordings .
List recordings for a given URI .
List recording .
Extends a recording request .
Get recording position .
Request a stop position request .
Send a request to list recording subscriptions .
Checks if the given udp channel matches the tag .
Get a destination address from a channel .
Returns a description of the current interface .
Add a destination connection to the network .
Insert a packet into the buffer .
Find a control counter toggle .
Put the given key in the params dictionary .
Returns the channel tag .
Returns the entity tag .
Add session id to channel .
Get the integer value of a tag .
Append padding to the buffer .
Calculate the number of messages that are published to the publisher .
Allocate a temporary buffer position .
Returns the string label for the specified type ID .
Scan for availability of the given term buffer .
Clear all of the channel uri .
Validate that all parameters are valid .
Specify prefix .
Specify media URI .
Set control mode .
Specify the term length .
Set the term offset of the channel URI .
Set the linger prefix for this channel .
Close the connection to the server .
Check if a frame is valid .
Receive inet socket from receive datagram channel .
Send a retransmit action for a given term and offset .
Processes retransmit actions that have expired .
Return a string representation of a status .
Allocates an atomic counter .
Reset the internal buffer .
Validate the direct buffer .
Calculate the length of the given direct buffer .
Calculate the producer window length .
Ensure that socket buffer lengths are valid .
Check that the page size is valid .
Raises an exception if the session id is not in the given range .
Raise an exception if the unblock timeout is invalid .
Write the error code to the buffer .
Reset all attributes to defaults .
Encodes a list of cluster members into a string .
Add member status to all members in the cluster .
Closes all member publications .
Checks if the given cluster member is active .
Find the position of the quorum of the cluster member members .
Reset log positions for each cluster member .
Check if members have been reached by position .
Returns True if the member has voted on the given count of members .
Returns true if the majority vote of the majority member with the given term id is greater than the candidate
Determine the member of the specified member .
Validates that the member s endpoints are valid .
Return True if two clusters are the same endpoints .
Returns True if the candidate member is a majority candidate member .
Returns True if the candidate member is in the given cluster member .
Checks if the given member is not duplicate endpoints .
Find a member index by its member id .
Remove a member from the cluster .
Calculate the high member id of the cluster member .
Map existing byte buffer to existing file .
Check if a driver is active .
Returns True if driver is active False otherwise .
check if the driver is active
Send a driver termination request .
Reads a frame length from the buffer .
Add a frame length to the buffer .
Add a type to the buffer .
Write flags to a buffer .
Add an offset to a buffer .
Add a term id to the buffer .
Find a counter id by recording id .
Find a counter id by session id .
Get the recording id .
Checks if a recording is active .
Write a status message to a Bootweight message .
Reload the journal entries .
Find the last entry in the list of entries .
Create a recovery plan .
Create a recovery plan .
Append a lease term to the list of entries .
Append a snapshot to the list of entries .
Commit a new log position .
Bombstones the given entry .
Closes all publications .
Add a header vector to the journal .
Unblock the specified term buffer .
Get a channel from the buffer .
Add a channel to the buffer .
Check that the given term length is valid .
Check that the page size is valid .
Compute and set the active term count .
This function computes the position of the current position in the active term .
Compute the log length .
Store the default frame header .
Apply the default frame header .
Rotate the binary log .
Initialise the tail with the given term id .
Calculate the offset of the given term .
Returns the unsigned tail volatile value .
Compute and set the raw tail of the specified partition .
Discard the token buffer .
Allocates a temporary buffer .
Find the counter id associated with counters .
Returns true if the counter has a replay .
Get the long recording id of the counter .
Convert a boolean mask to a list of chars .
Add a channel to the buffer .
Accepts a response from a direct buffer .
Wrap the given buffer at offset .
Commit the current frame .
Abort the buffer .
Launch the media driver .
Closes all running tasks .
Return the position of the terminal .
Allocates a counter .
Find the counter id associated with the given counters .
Allocate an atomic counter .
Closes the MOC .
Dispatch a recording descriptor to a consumer .
Calculate the slab size .
Set the byte at index .
Add a boolean stats .
Wrap a group type .
Convert a group type into a group type .
Annotate a string in a message .
End previous bit packed run .
Read one record from the input stream .
Deprecated .
Deprecated .
Deprecated read method .
Read the next row group from the current block .
read the next row group
Read dictionary meta data .
Adds a writer to the parquet writer .
Remove a writer .
Calculate the amount of memory allocated to each writer .
Register a scale callback .
Start the session .
start a block
Start a new column .
Write the dictionary to the dictionary .
Write data page .
End a block .
Copies data from a stream to a file - like object .
Write the end of the file .
Use a list of file - like objects to merge metadata into a single file .
Write a list of file metadata to disk .
Deprecated .
Merge global meta data into a file .
Try to read the binary data .
Checks if schema is valid .
Return the coalesce of an iterable .
Make a value from a string .
Construct a Thrift meta data from the extra meta data .
Returns thrift meta data from a Thrift class .
Returns the metadata for the Thrift class .
Write null values .
Write a single page .
Initialize from page .
Allocate the values buffer .
Check that the enum value matches the expected type .
Calculate the bit widths for the delta block buffer .
Throw exception if t is instance of class .
Deprecated .
Get a builder for a given type .
Merge statistics into a single statistics .
Get a schema from a schema .
Creates a new task attempt .
Invoke a method on an object .
Write the fields to a string buffer .
Create a new group of fields .
Initialize a counter from a reporter .
Get the filter for the given configuration .
Get all footers in parallel .
Generates splits of the row groups .
Write the given record to the log writer .
Raise an exception if the descriptor is invalid .
Serialize a message descriptor to a plain text representation .
Make sure all required fields are missing .
Checks the type of an event .
Read a file meta data .
Close the record writer .
Set the schema for the group .
Adds a class to the given primitive type .
Fail if the specified column is valid .
Raise an exception if value is not valid .
Creates a schema mapping fields to schema .
Create a schema mapping from a message type .
Creates a new Schema mapping from two JSON schemas .
Deprecated .
Skip to match .
Write an object to a configuration file .
remove a value from the cache
Put a value into the cache .
Get the current value of a cached value .
Writes the value to the specified type .
Set the regex to match the given glob .
Output content to a file .
Open an input stream using the given filename .
Creates a new record filter that matches the given column path .
Convert a Thrift type into a message type .
Wrap a group type list .
Creates a group type definition .
Get merged key value metadata .
Creates a new parquet split
Get a list of fields from a record class by name .
Resolves the requested schema access to the requested schema .
Get list of input files .
Check that a list of parquet files exist .
Get list of input files from directory .
Create an unbound record filter for the given start position .
Creates a new list consumer for the given class .
Initialize the job info .
Merge all tuples into a single tuple .
Sum up a tuple summary .
Read a struct from the protocol .
Read a map entry .
Write an integer to the input buffer .
Read a little endian integer from a byte buffer .
Set the schema for a job .
Create a topic if it doesn t exist .
Duplicate the pipeline stage beans .
Creates a list of interceptor definitions .
Create an interceptor for the given stage
Parse a schema from a string .
Convert milliseconds to days .
Get avro schema from header .
Upgrade a list of configs .
Copy the given blobstore resources into the given file path .
Reset the state of this query .
Report the health of the given thread .
Register a thread with the given name .
Stores control hub configuration files .
Authenticate and set user credentials .
Upgrade the pipeline configuration .
Upgrade a stage configuration .
Upgrade stage configuration .
Upgrade service configuration if needed
Upgrade stage if necessary .
get fields to null
Determine if a class is a system class .
Adds an e .
Adds an e and gets evicted .
Private method to get optional values .
Return a list of snapshots for each stage .
Get descriptor from file .
Get all file descriptors from the given set of file descriptors .
Populate the default values of all file descriptors with the given values .
Get a descriptor for a specific file descriptor .
Converts a protobuf field protobuf to sdc field map .
Convert sdc field to protobuf message .
Convert a protobuf field to protobuf message .
Upgrade a list of configs into a container .
Checks the connection to the server
Convert kudu type to field .
create field from result result
Appends interceptors to a list of records .
Read text from buffer .
Add missing configs to the stage .
Parse HTTP response .
Add response headers to record .
Writes the header field to the response .
Writes response header to record header .
Synchronously save metadata .
Initialize client .
parse response headers
Increment the HTTP source offset by number .
Parse a paginated result field .
Add the headers to the response header .
Resolves the request headers to a set of strings .
This method handles the processing of the response .
Checks if the given property is defined in configuration .
Convert a data parser exception into a data parser .
Convert a data generator exception into a data generator .
Get service account credentials .
Override this method to override the preview of a particular stage .
Copy to the buffer s buffer .
Removes duplicates from the list of packages .
Find next line in a live file chunk .
Resolve a live file chunk into a complete list of lines .
Close the connection to the thread
Escape a quoted substring .
Get flow control settings .
Instantiate a grpc channel provider .
Put an object into the object .
Compile the given expression with the given regex .
digest the original expression
Add a dictionary to the input stream .
Add a dictionary to the given reader .
Stop the aggregator .
Roll the aggregator data .
Serialize an object into a string .
Deserialize string into Python object .
Deserialize a JSON string into a python object .
Write record to record .
Resolve a string element .
Generate a field from a list of dictionaries .
Get the table name from a metadata record .
Get the database name from the metadata record .
Get the internal field from the metadata record .
Returns the location field as a string .
Get custom location from metadata record .
Get the avro schema from metadata record .
Get the data format from the metadata record .
Creates a new schema metadata field .
Validate that the partition information is present in the hive .
Generate the path to the partition path .
Serialize schema to HDFS .
This method is used to set the parameters in the transaction .
Get current configuration
Try to parse an RFC3164 compliant time string .
Returns a format string for a template .
Creates a new batch context that will be used in the context of the main class .
Checks if a record contains solr fields .
Filter autogenerated field names .
Private method to send on record error exceptions to the server .
Parse a jar name into a dependency .
Parse a URL to a jar .
Get instance of couchbase connector .
Closes the connection to the server .
get the label from integer code
Checks that a dependency exists .
Get write operation type from record header .
Build a sub - document .
Make an alter table .
Configures the instance parameters from a configuration dictionary .
This function is called when the consumer has completed .
Commit the current message
Called when an error occurs .
Injects configuration into a stage .
Get all definitions .
Get lineage publisher definitions .
Format a column name .
Private method for formatting string values .
Get information about a pipeline configuration
Create a draft pipeline fragment .
Get a list of pipelines .
Import a pipeline fragment into a pipeline .
get file path
get operation type from record
Get the field path for a column .
Emit enriched event loop .
Get a runner from the queue .
Get an idle runner .
Add a runner to the queue .
Destroy the pipeline .
Raises a PipelineRuntimeException if the queue is not destroyed .
Checks the number of shards exists .
get the last shard id
Processes the queue .
Override this method to override the default log exception handling
Get the hash code for the given record .
Compare two file systems .
Retrieves the ID of the process if possible .
Validate and extract fields to the given config record .
Get user group information .
Roll the current stats .
Returns a snapshot of the current active stats .
Ensure a directory exists .
Write records to a batch of records .
Write a batch of records to Elasticsearch .
Writes the record to the cache .
Create a no more data event .
Detect new partition info .
Updates the hdfs header for a record
Processes the given group and value .
Return True if two stages have the same version .
main entry point for the mesos cluster
Configures auth and oauth
Resolve a dictionary of values to a set of objects .
Get http method .
Fill null types with null types .
Get the value of the field at the given path .
Load schema from a schema registry .
Register schema with given subject .
Load schema from a subject .
Get schema id from subject .
Load schema from registry .
Write schema id to file .
Detect schema id from data .
Get default values from schema .
Parse all records .
Log the details of the project .
Private method to get bad records from the error sink
Initialize the configuration .
Get all vertices of a vertex .
Returns a collection of vertex vertices in the given vertex .
Serialize a map mapping to a JSON string .
Deserialize the offset map into a map .
report status of a queue
get report by id
Checks if the current server is running .
Write the offset to the main offset file .
Deletes a blob from the storage .
Handles the error of an error .
Handles the upload of an archive .
Get the live file reader .
Release reader .
Set the dpm base url
Add a default header to the client .
Parse a date string into a date object .
Escape given string with given encoding .
private method to get a client
initialize connection
get table metadata
Creates an event builder .
Build a schema .
Convert from oracle to sdc code .
Add jars to a job .
Check field order by name .
Checks if the given field name matches the given field name .
Get the offset for a file offset
Prevent instrumentation .
Returns the number of parallelism equal to the origin .
query result of table result
get the table description
Raise exception if the table accepts insert insert insert insert .
Private method to get the column type .
Checks if the json field is nullable
get table schema
get column properties
Returns the class corresponding to the given type name .
Init the server .
Get the topic associated with the record .
Return the input stream .
returns the output stream
Returns True if the file exists False otherwise .
parse fs permission
Checks if all services are available .
Create a simple aggregator .
Returns the aggregator unit for the given class .
Create aggregator data .
Create a group by name .
Start a new data provider .
Stop the running aggregator .
Roll a new aggregator .
Release the current login type .
Checks if a string is a valid regex .
Lists objects lexicographically .
Stop this pipeline .
Produce empty batches for idle runners .
Create failure batch for the given pipeline .
Convert a bound statement record to a bound statement .
Set the configuration from a new configuration .
generate kudu lookup key
Read line from file .
Roll the current usage timer .
Enable the dpm
Disable dpm
Normalize a dpm base URL .
retrieve user auth token
Logout from DPM server
Update app auth token
update dpm properties
private method for creating schema for a record
Create a complex schema for a field .
Private method to get decimal scale or decimal value .
Get the default value for the given schema .
Initialize the file statistics if necessary .
Compare two file paths .
Returns the index of a group with the given index .
Returns a list of all group names .
Returns True if s is an escaped char .
Checks if a string is a slash escaped char .
Checks if a string is inside a character class .
Count the number of open parens starting at pos .
Extract group info .
Replace all occurrences of a regex in a string .
Handle GET requests .
Refresh the schema .
Checks if the given entry has expired .
Returns the offset of the current file .
Perform a fast forward .
Convert string to a double value .
Parse part from buffer .
Parse values from start offset .
Look up the primary keys associated with the table .
Create custom field mappings .
Convert SQL field type to SQL
Get the SQL table name .
set primary keys in record
Raise a stage exception with the given SQL exception .
Execute the current stage .
Prepare the context for the batch .
Finish processing of the given batch context .
Recursively flattens the entire record into a single hash map .
Create a detached stage runtime .
Execute on record error
Returns a dictionary mapping column names to columns to their values .
Build the condition for a partition column .
Validate and validate the stored and the given offset .
Returns a list of requested definitions .
Returns a list of non empty strings .
returns an operation object
Convert double precision to display format .
Scan the current file for a live file .
Get pending files .
Checks if the given dependency is whitelisted .
Return True if version matches expected versions .
Run Spark streaming .
Propagate runtime configuration .
Validate the report description .
Upgrade configs to v2 .
Return a list of named groups that match the regex pattern .
Commit a consumer commit
Create and return an embedded SDDC .
Set fields in a record .
Get information about remote pipelines .
Create a remote data collector .
Create a gauge with the given metrics .
Returns a dictionary mapping columns to their corresponding values .
Generate header attributes for given file .
Raises an exception if the given record is invalid .
delete old temp files
Get an avro input stream .
Private method to get raw data file reader .
write to parquet file
Verify that the field is encrypted .
Decrypt an optional field .
Decrypts a field value .
Decrypts an encrypted field .
Prepare a field for encryption .
Matches a pattern with a new pattern .
Add a replacement string to the matched pattern .
Returns a dictionary mapping names to names of named groups .
Replaces all occurrences of the given replacement string with replacement .
get a global variable
Creates a new event record .
Creates a stop event record .
This function fixes the offset field to be used in the postgres server .
Tries to extract a value from a runtime .
Execute add partition addition query .
Execute alter table properties query
execute SQLAlchemy describe database
Private method to execute a query
Execute a query and return the result set .
Execute a batch job .
Iterates through all of the pipes and processes them .
Returns the offset commit trigger .
Check if on record error is on record error .
Try to accept a consumer .
private method to get insert id for record element
Private method to get the value of a field
set fragment in a record
set a document in a record
Set the value of an n1ql query to a record .
handles the complete file format
Returns true if the incomplete transaction with the given gtid exists .
Instantiate the given class with the given class loader .
Logs out the logout .
Initialize the given configuration .
Replace all variables in a path .
Ensure that the given path has the correct permissions .
Run emr binding .
Determine directory path if it exists .
Rename temp path to a temp file .
Determine whether roll should be performed or not .
Matches the given pattern against the given string .
Get the current offset for the current file .
Helper function to get the remaining wait time in seconds .
Get the offset for a given file .
create a stage library
create instance of stage library
Get a metric value .
Find the end of a byte array in a byte array .
Returns the body size of the response .
save bytes to a temporary file
Create a SSL connection from a key and trust store .
Get the mime type for a file .
Handle incoming requests .
Shutdown the server
add mappings to router
Send the number of bytes to the given output stream .
Create a new response .
Returns True if the current mimetype is accepted .
Sets a cookie .
Add cookies to the response
Decode a base64 - encoded string .
Base64 encode a string .
Set the table name .
Get the name of a principal .
Inserts the session filter in the servlet context .
Resolves a user s principal name .
Get a session by id .
get jndi name from model node
Returns a list of canonical names for the given view method .
Register interposed synchronization .
Run before completion .
Returns the current transaction .
Deploy a bundle of kernel services and dependencies
Identify whether the cache unit identified by the cache region belongs to .
Returns a list of service config dependencies .
Decrement current read lock count .
Increment the current read lock count .
Add a service to the deployment archives .
Perform the restoration calculation .
Deploy JPA deployment to deployment unit .
Add a list of bdas to the list of bdas
Creates a jse builder for the given deployment
Sets the config name and the config file .
Creates a list of jse meta data from a list of security constraints .
Private method to create a map of servlet names to servlet names .
Creates a map of servlet names to servlet classes .
Resolve all view descriptions .
Get the set of available connectors for the operation .
Parse core environment element .
Parse process id environment element .
Get the path address of a model operation node .
Sets the path address to the given operation node .
Get attribute value .
Checks if model node is include defaults .
Create a composite operation for model nodes .
Creates a new model operation for a model node .
Create an operation on a model node .
Create a read attribute .
Create write attribute operation .
Create undefine attribute .
Get the current value .
Adds a URL context factory for the given scheme .
Removes the given URL context factory from the given scheme .
Load validation providers .
Modifies the configuration of the deployment .
Configure the transport class
Set the context root for the jboss deployment
Get the transport class name from deployment properties .
Set the state of the run as a single run as identity .
Return the identity of the run as a single run as a single instance of the outgoing run .
For each servlet we need to process the servlet .
Injects a property into an object .
Checks if the given class type matches the given properties .
Finds the declared method in the class .
Find the field with the given name and type .
Derives information from a servlet request .
Run the collect operation on a JDR report .
Run the jdr report collect information
Register a deployment deployment deployment .
Unregisters a resource adapter deployment .
Register the resource transformer to the given subsystem .
Write a list of parameters to the output stream .
Read an exception from a stream .
Get the lock owner .
Release the lock
Add a log file to the log .
Add cdi capability to deployment unit .
Private method to get the component view .
Invoke the given endpoint .
Returns the view method that matches the specified method .
Checks if the given method matches the given view method .
Get the security meta data from an endpoint
Get the domain from old security domain .
Ensures that two security domains have the same security domain .
Set the idl name .
Get the absolute name of this package .
Return a jndi name
Deploy the attachments to deployment unit
Handle the exchange .
Checks if current transaction is in a transaction .
Get the transaction synchronization registry .
Get a cached connection factory .
Returns the last component of name .
Checks if the name is empty .
Raise a name not found in the context .
Construct a new naming exception .
Creates a new naming exception .
Creates a new cannot proceed to the given object .
Create a naming enumeration from a collection .
Rebind a value by name .
Returns the active mq control object for the operation .
Create a component instance .
Retrieves the virtual file and mount it
Resolves the runtime name of the specified path element .
Create a listener for a persistent resource definition .
returns an analysis for a given primitive type
Shutdown all resources .
Returns a list of url patterns linked to the given URL pattern .
Returns a jboss instance .
Returns a list of servlet mappings .
Returns a list of security constraints .
Get login config meta .
Returns a list of context values linked to the jboss instance .
Creates a meta resource collections meta data .
Get init params from servlet metadata .
Create a new security constraint meta data .
Create a new web resource collection meta data .
Create a new j servlet .
Create a new servlet mapping meta data .
Create auth constraint meta data and security constraint meta data .
Creates a new user data constraint with the given metadata constraint and security constraint .
Creates a new param value with the given key and value .
Creates a new param value meta data .
Register session interceptors .
Stops the deployment by stopping the container .
Returns the name of the JNDI name
Resolve a simple attribute to a string .
return the type of url pattern
Creates a pool of pooled connections .
Tries to instantiate an external pool from a pooled connection factory .
Get active mq .
Returns the default persistence unit for the persistence unit .
Starts the activity with the given context .
Stop this activity .
Called when the server is suspended .
Resume all requests from the server .
This method is called when the transaction has completed .
Register the current transaction .
Log the controller .
Stop the controller .
Get a capability service name .
Create a list of resource roots .
Return a set of class loaders for all deployment modules .
Determine if a persistence unit transformer needs to be created .
Returns True if there is two phase bootstrap bootstrap .
Returns True if the default data source is allowed for the persistence unit .
Skip mixed synchronization type check .
Creates a new bound orb .
Initialize an instance of the class
Private method to handle the class initialization method .
Set the active naming store .
Validate default values .
Checks that the type of the type is a parameterized type .
Return the default value of an annotation .
Invokes the base type method on the deployment
Returns a list of deferred entity managers .
Convert status to a string .
Calls all cache dependencies for the given cache type and properties .
Extract database dialects .
Inspect the database connection .
Identify dialect based on dialect .
Check database .
Tries to parse a string from a given date string
Set the node name in the prepared statement .
Mark the unit as attached .
Read parameters from an input stream .
Write the return value to the given output stream .
Write an exception to the given output stream .
Looks up the given lookup .
Initialize the creation time for the current simulation .
End the creation of the SFSB .
Returns the current stack trace .
push entity managers to jt transaction
Pop a call to the stack .
get the current call to the stack
Deploy and deploy Weld deployment .
returns the idl of a type
Inserts the given primitive value into the given object .
Convert Java string to IDL .
Checks if string is a reserved idl .
Get the signature of a primitive type .
Get the signature of a method .
get primitive type
Returns the permission for the given name .
Private method to get or create a transaction manager .
Add a value to a segment .
Convert a security role to a model node
Private method to find the most recent timer version .
Returns a dictionary mapping timers to timers .
Get the directory for the timed object .
Adds a listener for a target .
Unregisters a naming listener .
Fires a new event .
Creates a consumer that closes the specified value .
Adds the given credential to the given subject .
Get an object instance by name .
Add tx management intercept for view .
Substitute a substring from from from to to to another .
Create transport configuration
Add a relative name to the deployment unit .
Returns the root deployment unit .
Returns the service name .
Create a view configuration .
Creates a new injectable injection source .
Returns a list of view interceptors for a given method .
Add view interceptor factory to the proxy factory .
Add an interceptor for a method .
Get client interceptors for a method .
Add a client interceptor to the proxy factory .
Adds a client interceptor for a method .
Store the data of the given type .
Throw an unexpected element .
Returns a list of ejws endpoints .
Returns a list of pojo endpoints .
Returns the endpoint name from the servlet metadata .
Returns the name of the endpoint class .
Get a servlet by name .
Get the required attachment value .
Get an attachment by its key .
Get jboss j .
Get jboss instance by name
Returns the ejb endpoint with the given class name .
Returns the context root for the deployment
Returns the class for the given name .
Get a resource from the given resource .
Get a list of resources from the given module .
Get a list of servlet resources .
Pop the last call stack .
Get an entity manager by name .
Register a cleanup listener .
Deploy deployment to deployment unit .
returns true if all fields are public
Create a new HTTP endpoint with the given name and type .
Create a new deployment for the deployment
Returns true if the deployment unit is a jaxrs deployment unit .
Set the next expiration time .
Sets the timer state .
Merge all deployment data into a single deployment unit .
Deploy a deployment unit .
Add a component dependency to the deployment unit .
Get all container interceptors .
returns true if method is a method level
Raise xml if one element is not required .
Try to find a class by its name .
Returns the component type at the specified index .
Parses a name into a cn name .
Convert string to vector components .
Parse a name component .
deactivate the object
This method is used to get the object from the serva to the service
Authenticate against the server .
Checks if the given class is matched by the given class .
Look up a service by name .
unbind jndi name
Instantiate a bean from a Python configuration
Configures the properties of the specified component
Dispatch a lifecycle joinpoint .
Get the current namespace selector .
Convert jboss name to jboss name
Appends the class name to the jboss instance .
Get a class by its name .
Check if metadata is complete .
Perform additional processing steps .
Validate a string descriptor .
Create the jboss application .
Creates the web application descriptor .
Private method to get the auth method from the deployment
Deploy service XML file
Checks the stateless component to see if it exists .
create a stub class
Get anonymous object id .
Returns a list of persistence providers per class loader .
Clear any cached persistence providers for deployment .
Add a persistence provider to the list of deployment providers .
Find the parent module of a class loader .
Deploy the j service to deployment .
Add a list of pu services to the deployment unit .
Set the annotation indexes for the deployment .
Private method to get the per deployment provider adaptor for this deployment .
Saves the persistence provider adaptor to deployment unit
Look up provider provider class in deployment unit .
Returns a mapping of classes to annotations .
Create an ejb archive
Build the enterprise bean meta data .
Perform a refresh step .
Determine if a container has been created .
Look up container analysis by its class .
Create a container analysis object .
Returns the idl of the class
Convert integer to hex string .
Convert a long integer to a hex string .
Checks if the given method is an accessor .
Checks if the method m is mutator .
Returns True if method has non app exceptions .
Private method to read a string attribute .
Private method to check name .
Check if operation names are overloaded .
Fix up the names in the analysis list .
Escape an IR name .
Parse the xt attributes from the XML parser .
Parse the default context element .
Process the attributes from the reader .
Load a provider module by its name .
Creates a new add step handler for the given type .
Deploy the deployment unit .
Recursively marshallable attributes .
create a remote session
Infer destination name .
Register endpoint handlers for a given class .
Returns a set of all the XML names for the given job name .
Initialize the class loader .
Get the absolute path to the request .
Resolve a URL using corba .
Look up composite name .
Bind a composite name to obj .
Calls unbind method .
Look up cn enumeration bindings .
Recursively call the destroy method .
Destroy a subcontext .
Create a new context callable .
Creates a subcontext with the given name .
Look up a composite name .
Add property to environment variables .
Remove property from environment variables .
Add transformations to the model .
Remove a security domain .
Look up JNDI by name .
Creates a modular reference .
Creates a modular reference .
Creates a modular reference .
Get the reference idl for the given type code .
Wait for the service to complete .
Compute the masked password .
Initialize the security vault .
Start a Vault session .
Print an attribute to the console .
Prints the vault configuration .
Returns a string representation of the vault configuration .
Checks if the value is not None .
Get the deployment name for a deployment .
Insert value into any string .
Returns True if the permission has the given permission .
Get the current action string .
Get the name of the log .
Send a state change notification .
Get the value of the given type .
Get the current context service name .
Get all interceptors .
Add a method interceptor to the public interface .
Add a dependency
Returns a list of component interceptors associated with a method .
Get all interceptors around a method .
Adds a method interceptor for a particular method .
Add an intercept interceptor factory to the list .
Add a postconstructor to the collection .
Add a pre - destroy interceptor factory .
Add an interceptor factory to the pre - pass collection .
Add interceptor factory to the list of interceptors .
set component create service factory
Remove jndi services from the context
Add the given ejb builder to the builder .
Return a string with the component name .
Return the name of a module and a module name .
Return the bind info for an env entry .
Returns the bind info for the given JNDI name .
Returns a concurrent cache of logout objects .
Get a list of value members .
Private method to get value members for a type code code .
Creates a root subsystem node .
Parse the XML element and create an empty XML node .
Start the root logger .
Return the service name for a deployment unit .
Add a component to the deployment .
Add a message destination mapping to a JNDi file .
Returns a set of view descriptions for a given view type .
Get a set of component names from a virtual file .
Get a set of component descriptions from a given component name .
Resolves the message destination with the given name .
Builds the transformers2 .
Reject an attribute definition with a default value .
Remove the identity and security context from the state cache .
Loads the module identifier and all its modules .
Checks the version of the current version
Compute the slot for the JSF version .
Get the constant type code for the given class .
Adds the given type code to the given class .
Ensure the package exists .
Add interfaces to a container analysis
adds the abstract base valuetype to the container
Checks if the class is a primitive .
Private method to add an interface to a class
Private method to add value analysis to a value analysis .
Private method to add an exception to an exception
Returns the class level of an annotation class .
Initialize the service store .
Stop the store .
Checks if the given method is allowed for the given method .
Checks the transaction for sync .
Get a set of all component classes .
Get the timers associated with the current transaction .
Private method to get the extra parameters from a dictionary .
Get parameters from a model node .
Converts the given type to a concrete type .
Convert a value into an object .
Returns a list of param types .
Checks if type information is valid .
Get the next binding .
Reads the next batch .
Map a binding name to an object .
Observe health check .
Close all health check instances .
Handle a locator .
Return an enum value from a model node .
Skip a number of bytes from an input stream .
Raise XMLNotFoundException if element1 is not only one element .
add a component description
Adds class loaders to a deployment class .
Unbind a name .
Look up a name by its name .
Return a list of names .
Return a list of all binding bindings .
Adds a factory factory for the given context .
Save a setup context to a context service .
Create a io subsystem if it doesn t exist .
Create the welcome content handler .
Get the object from the pool .
Initializes the operation analysis map .
Create a metric registration for the given resource .
Prepare a deployment unit .
Deploy the deployment to the deployment unit .
Publish the deployment and endpoints
Stop the web application .
Start the logging service .
Register the given endpoint class and its configuration .
Retry the specified timer .
Periodic cleanup routine for timed seconds .
Returns a list of declared methods .
Returns a list of declared fields .
Try to get the constructor of the given class .
Get a static method by name .
Add messaging active mq extension to the filesystem .
Checks if a parameter is allowed
Migrate generic transport classes to new ones .
Cancel the current state .
Runs the run if it is not cancelled .
Sets the type of the object to the specified type .
Returns True if the context can execute an indexed function without executing it .
Find all classes in the directory .
returns a list of classes found in the given package
Returns the generic multivalue of the given parameter .
Evaluates a record against the current condition and returns True if the record matches the condition .
Derives the field type from the given record .
Update an existing record in the underlying database .
find record by id
Private method to get the minimal set of nodes for a sharded query .
Move all of the flattened equalities left to the left .
Calculate the order by applying a list of ordering projections .
Extract sub - queries from a query plan .
Returns True if the database is from the given database .
Private method to handle the sort order for the query
Return true if the given class is a diamond hierarchy .
Returns the order direction .
Checks whether the given key condition is multiplexer .
Private method to find the best index for the given block .
Common factor for common factors .
Creates an ocluster .
allow a role to be allowed
Check if a rule is defined .
Get the compact server status .
Initialize the system database
Load local databases .
Called when the member is removed .
Elects a new lock manager .
Attempt to assign a lock from the cluster .
Commit changes .
Rollback the current transaction .
Update the identity after a record has changed .
Update the record cache after rollback .
Prepare a file for deletion .
Atomically move source to target .
Returns a list of disjoints that are disjoints .
Execute a local node locally .
Appends the given characters to the buffer .
Check if the current connection is connected .
Merge two byte arrays together .
Split the given bit into two buffers .
Execute the method in the database
Stores the given object with the given key .
Removes the value of the object with the given key .
Run a command on the database .
Execute the first run of the specified arguments .
Create the channel .
Raise IOError if the given region is not in the region .
Replace the current content with the new content file .
send a command to the server
Close the network .
Add a host to the host .
Send begin request to network .
Returns the database object
Get a connection to the specified channel .
Kill a connection
Interrupt the specified channel .
disconnect from server
Push distrib config to all connected clients
Swap an entry in the list .
Release all locks held .
synchronize all registered entities
Updates the metadata dictionary with the given name and description .
Last record in the last cluster .
Returns the next char in the next char .
execute the sql query
This method is called when the callback is executed .
Register a new compression class .
Get number of open files .
Returns True if the expression can be executed on the target .
Move the buffer at the given position .
Fill the buffer with given i length .
Execute the execute until return .
Execute all actions in a script line .
Evaluate the record .
execute the RID command
Load a configuration file .
Parse a request
Execute the given request .
Updates the given pattern starting at the given node .
Add an index definition .
Create a new expression that splits the expression into an aggregate .
Convert a document to an object .
Get the collate value for a document
Get string value .
Advance the probe position .
execute the SQLAlchemy command
build json from a file
Check the password against the given hash .
Create a hash with the given input using the specified algorithm .
Checks if the given algorithm is supported .
Creates an index configuration instance .
Iterate over vertices .
Returns an iterator over edges .
Returns the partition key .
Returns the distributed timeout in seconds .
Get all active features .
Checks if the changes filled up to the specified page .
parse timeout
Parse lock strategy .
Create a cluster in the database
Free all the ids associated with the given cluster .
Start profiling .
Shut down the underlying application .
Create a singleton object from an entity .
Grant an o operation .
Revoke access for given resource .
Evaluate the result of a record .
Reset the table to zero .
Return the index of the given item i .
Return a random spread of x .
Create an index
DEPRECATED!
Deprecated . Use this instead .
Get the linked class .
Convert document to stream .
Remove a listener from the listeners list .
Registers a database with the given name .
Wait for a request to complete .
Create a copy of the database
try to merge two objects
Replace the object with ob .
This method transforms the result of an object if it is a map .
execute the SQLAlchemy command
Closes all connections .
Called when the database is unregistered .
Get all function names .
Get all collate names .
Returns a set of all command names .
Reads the field size and type from the bytes .
Write HTTP status code to the client .
Write headers to the response .
write records to the server
Write a record to the wire
Send an error message
Send a stream to the server .
Open database connection .
Close the connection to the server .
Listen for changes in the collection .
Complete the current component .
Push the given component counters to the given counters .
Creates a copy of the write cache counters .
Creates a storage counters instance and adds it to the storage counters holder .
Push data onto a wal .
Push the given component counters to the snapshot .
Stop the write cache timer .
Stop fuzzy checkpoint timer .
Stop the full checkpoint timer .
Stop the current commit timer .
Stop wal .
Stop wal .
Parses a SQL statement
Initialize receive messages .
This method is called when the server is disconnected .
deletes the record
Set a property on the record .
Removes the specified property from the record .
Checks if a class exists in the schema .
Wrap a cursor into an o cursor
Define a vertex attribute .
Define an edge attribute .
get new record entries by type
get new record entries by cluster ids
Add an index entry .
Merge two sets into one .
Evaluate the result of a record
returns True if the function can execute an indexed function
Create a set of comparable keys for the given object .
Write a page to the buffer .
Read a single page from the page cache .
Truncate the given page .
Initialize the file .
Returns True if the replication is active .
Get a new node strategy .
returns True if cluster is synchronous
returns True if the configuration is read
get map of server cluster names to server cluster names
returns a set of servers that are used in the cluster configuration
Returns True if the server contains one of the specified clusters .
Returns True if the server contains a given server .
Get server configuration .
Get all configured servers .
Returns a set of clusters on the specified node .
Returns a set of clusters owned by this server .
Returns the owner of the cluster
Returns the owner of the cluster
Returns a list of servers configured for the specified cluster .
Returns a set of servers registered in configuration .
Returns the names of all data centers .
Get the write quorum of a data center .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the cluster is sharded .
get server servers
Get the data center of a server
Get the global read quorum .
Get the value of write quorum .
get cluster configuration
get data center from configuration
Clear the initial stack .
get an index by name
Drop an index .
Add a new vertex to the current object .
Add an edge to the given vertex .
Get or create an orient vertex
get vertices of the specified class
get the edges of the specified class
Get an orient edge by id
Re - reuse a database .
Shut down the database .
Get orient vertex type .
Get the orient vertex type for the given type .
Create a new vertex type .
drop a vertex type
Get the orient edge type for the given type .
Create an edge type .
get an orient element
Drop an index from the specified element .
Remove the given listener from the given object .
Calls all background data flush event listeners
Stop monitoring all threads .
Register mb server
unregister m server
Private method that writes cache counters
Private method to fetch system counters .
Private method to fetch the component counters for a particular component .
get the property value
Detach an instance from the object .
Get the version of the object .
Create a new sql command
set dirty dirty flag
set dirty flag for user object
Returns a set of all index types .
Returns a set of all engine engines .
Returns a list of the nodes that have no response .
Get a list of conflict responses .
Get the number of coherent responses .
Check if the quorum response has been reached .
Returns a list of received responses .
get a single statement
Allows you to use indexed function on an object .
Returns the library for the given language .
Release a database engine
Get the next position in the file .
calculate the total number of changes
Get the value at the given index .
order by filter
Find a substring of text within a given character .
Jump a white space to the current position .
Jump to a given character in the given character sequence .
set fetch plan
Enqueue repair record .
Cancel the repair record .
Enqueue cluster repair cluster .
Private method to get the names of all nodes in a given pattern .
Try to create a pojo object from the given class .
Recursively register all classes for the specified class .
Recursively registers a class in a class .
Sets the class handler for the specified entity handler .
Acquire a connection to the database .
Get number of available connections for the specified database .
Acquire a connection .
execute the command line
Get an iterator over the objects from a particular class .
check if cache memory is too large
Create a vertex from a JSON string .
Create an edge from json .
Creates a json object from an element
Creates object node from given element .
Execute the oetl job
get status
Returns a map of the names of all servers in the distributed configuration .
Returns the ciphertext cipher transformation from cipher transform .
Creates a new OAuth object from a key config .
Create a OAuth from a file .
Create an oauth object from a stream .
Encrypt a string using the given transform .
Save the current base64 encoded data to a file .
Saves a password to a file .
set child
Add an object to the unique result .
private method to get the value of an object
Authenticate against the database
get an object from a map
Retrieves the record .
Read current record .
Return the current orient graph
Get an orient graph
Create a connection pool .
returns the property value
Stops the current transaction .
Get the next token .
Get the next token .
Get vertices .
Remove this vertex from the database .
Add an edge to the given vertex .
Add an edge to the graph .
return the connection class name
Checks the connection for the class .
Process broken rids .
Get a list of console methods .
Execute a task on the local node .
Returns the number of nodes with the given status and statuses .
Wait for the next retry .
Get the argument at the given position .
Return the number of parameters in the request .
Connect to the oauth server
Deprecated .
shortcut to get server info
Checks if the database exists .
drop a database
Freeze database
Release a database
return the cluster status
Returns the current orient base graph
Parse retry .
save record to database
delete a record
Get the authentication header .
Authenticate against the server .
Checks if the user is authorized for the given username
Start the server .
Adjust the position of the beginning and new line .
Set bucket pointer offset .
Get bucket pointer .
End the current operation .
Acquire lock until the operation completes .
Change the maximum amount of memory allocated to read cache .
Listen for servers on this server .
Read configuration parameters from the server .
Shutdown the application .
Add an entry to the journal .
Remove the value of a key .
Acquire an entry by key .
Get the value of a key .
Clear all data from the queue .
Close the specified key by key .
Empty all read buffers .
Adds the given task to the buffer .
Put the given entry into the buffer .
Private function to put an entry in a read buffer .
Find the closest power of two two given value .
Called when an event is received .
Convert the object to its corresponding value .
Performs conversion of all the values .
Returns the serializer for the given type .
Initialize a shutdown queue .
Retrieves the engine with the specified name .
Add a new readers entry to the readers list .
Authenticate against the auth token
Create metadata .
Try to acquire a read lock .
Get a single vertex .
Returns the id of the element
Set a property on the current graph .
Remove a property from the current thread .
Clear the entire cache .
Deletes the root bucket .
Starts the pipeline execution .
Creates a new vertex for the given vertex v .
Parse strategy .
Read positions from the embedded collection .
execute the command
Attempt to fix a link to a Link
Fills the given record with the given record .
Set the version of the record .
Returns the byte type of a record
Initialize the database instance .
Prints an exception stack trace .
Convert link2 record to record .
Register a server command instance .
create server user cfg
Analyze the condition of a condition .
Create an indexed property
Attach this object to the object .
Get the index class
Execute the next iteration .
remove all indexes and indexes
Add a base class to the hierarchy
Adds polymorphic clusters to the given ibase class
Link a record to a stream .
Releases a pointer to the pool .
Checks memory leaks .
Remove all memory from memory .
Convert a byte array to an integer .
Called when the database is open .
Install clusters of the specified database .
Dump current server status .
Find the index of the first occurrence of the given object .
Find the index of the first occurrence of an object in an array .
Returns the names of the tables involved in the target query .
Find the next result .
get rid of a variable
Report the tip to the current context
Parse the fetch plan .
Parse no cache keyword .
Optimize the sort cursor
Get the status of this batch
Execute the command and execute it .
Called when a JVM error occurs .
Validate and validate an index value .
Rollback the transaction .
Execute the command with the given command .
Private method to register cluster .
Set property value .
Execute the SQLAlchemy command
Execute the database command
Deletes the record with the specified version .
This callback is called when the given type has been registered .
Deletes an object from the server .
Returns the number of views in the specified view name .
Count the number of instances of the specified class .
Activate the current thread .
Register an encryption class .
Get the relative index relative to the current position .
Parse optional word .
Parse the required word .
Parse the next words .
Parser for optional keyword .
Checks if the current character is in the parser .
Execute the SQL statement
Clear configuration files .
Get offset from buffer .
extracts the access token and returns it as a string
Obtain access token from OAuth2 client .
Copies the access token
Read more characters from the buffer .
Read a line from a byte array .
Skip to the specified number of bytes .
Ensures that the given offset and length is not in bounds .
Swap two values .
murmur3 hash function .
murmur3 hash function .
Write data to the given byte buffer .
Truncate the specified size .
Move the current position to a new position .
Periodically check for metrics reporting .
Wait for all currently running tasks to complete .
Find documents matching query .
Return a set of compaction targets that are compaction targets .
Removes all snapshots from the snapshot
Calculate the hash code for a field .
Removes all references in the given state engine .
Called when the announcement completed .
Called when a cycle is completed .
Read header tags from data stream .
extract the primary key from an object
Clear all all active segments .
Read all ordinals from the data stream .
Return the total number of bits used to store this bitset .
Returns the value of the field as a string .
Copy data from one byte array to another .
Perform a copy of the data at src_pos .
Returns True if the given segmented range is equal to the given segmented by the given segmented
Ordered copy of a segmented byte array .
Perform an ordered copy of a segment .
Read data from an input stream .
Write data to an output stream .
Ensure that the specified segment is empty .
Get the position of a field .
Calculates the deduped set of deduped items in the given array .
Checks if a dataset has any collections in the given dataset .
Generate documentation for a package .
Generate empty files for hollow schemas .
Returns True if the key matches the given ordinal order .
Get the record key for the given ordinal .
create field path for object
Create a field path for a dataset .
Store an object at the given position .
Initialize the field .
Returns True iff the given string contains the given key .
Add an object filter to the specified type .
Returns a list of schema ordered by dependency order .
Initialize all defaults for this version .
Get the value at index .
Find matching records for a given field .
Find matching records for a given type .
Set the element matching paths .
Set the elements of the specified paths .
Restore from last state .
Run a cycle cycle .
Exclude the primary key matching the given primary key .
Exclude all referenced objects referenced by this object .
Write header header to data output stream .
Calculate the heap footprint for all types in the collection .
Write data to byte data buffer .
Writes a fixed - length integer to the byte buffer .
Writes a fixed length bits to a byte buffer .
Adds the given ordinal to the pool .
Sort the list of free ordinals .
Calculates the number of unique values for the given key .
Returns an integer for the given field type .
Resize the storage .
Find the preferred ordinal .
Prepare the arrays for writing to memory .
Compares the serialized representation of the given serialized representation .
Grow the key array .
Return the hash code for the given key .
private method to create a new key array for the given size .
Checks if the given match idx is equal to the given index .
Find the type matching the given key .
Returns a copy of the read state helper .
Return the size of the given num elements .
Run the compaction cycle .
Write snapshot of state engine .
Write the delta to a file .
Private method to add schema to set if necessary .
Normalize field path to param name .
Rebuild a hash index .
Search for hashes matching the query .
Trigger an async refresh periodically .
Trigger an async refresh periodically .
Add a type diff to the database .
Writes an unsigned integer to the given stream .
Writes a value to the given data .
Read an integer value from the input stream .
Read a long integer value from the input stream .
Add a child view to the Layout .
Updates the loading view size .
Update the ui of the ui .
Called when the pull event is pulled .
Creates a given rule with the given name and value .
Creates a new rule that will be added to the rule builder .
Creates a rule builder .
Creates a new rule .
Creates a new rule builder with the given type .
Creates a new rule type builder .
Creates a rule builder for a given rule .
Creates a new rule builder .
A decorator that allows you to create a new rule .
returns an instance of the rule
Get an optional field annotation .
Get a method annotated with the given annotation .
Get an annotation by its class .
Register an auditable rule .
Updates the rule with the given status .
Returns a map of the rule status of the current thread .
Create a new rule book .
Creates a rule that will be used to create the rule .
Creates a rule that will be used to create the rule .
Reset the default value .
Creates a new rule book .
Returns a list of pojo rules .
Read an empty line or raise an exception if it is not empty .
Convert a list of services into a single array .
Private method to get list of ports from build configuration .
Returns a list of ports from config .
parse service port mapping
Add a service port if not None .
Return the value of the service port .
Add missing service parts .
Append an image resource to the specified image
Checks if service port matches one or more ports .
private method to get a floating point value
get the host and port for a service
Creates a new value if it doesn t exist .
Merges a map if not absent .
Merge two maps .
Adds the given dictionary to the list if not None .
Waits until the pod is ready .
validate a kubernetes id
Convert an object to an item list .
Returns the resource version of the given Entity .
Check if a pod is ready .
Returns the currently active context .
Checks if the given kubernetes exist .
Checks if a project has a given path .
Read a fragment from a file .
Convert a list of env vars to env var list .
Merge two services .
Recursively merge a mapping with empty strings .
Checks if a pod spec is local or not
Read a map from a file .
Adds the port if it is valid .
return docker json config string
get plugin configuration
Get the secret configuration .
download a file
Compare two version strings .
Blend a processor config with a processor config .
Lookup a profile by name .
Read profile from classpath .
Read all profiles from a classpath
Find a profile yaml file in a directory
return a list of meta data paths
Load a list of profiles from a YAML file .
Returns the image pull policy or default value .
Checks if the current runtime mode is open .
returns the replica count or default value
returns the first child of element with name
Installs the template for the given template entity .
Remove tags by name .
Apply the given namespace to the given namespace .
Applies a project to the specified project .
Apply a project request to an entity .
Get the namespace of the given entity .
Log error and throw a runtime exception .
Creates kubernetes list builder .
Enrich a kubernetes resource with kubernetes
Returns a dictionary with environment variables to be used for running java .
Return duration in seconds .
Construct a big decimal value from duration p .
Scan and return a list of files .
Disable open shift features .
Check if the service has an ingress rule
Parse the given mapping from the given mapping mapping .
Return the default icon reference for this project .
Copy app config files to app config dir .
Get a properties resource from a URL .
Returns the spring boot version .
Enrich all the enricnetes with the given enricnetes .
Get the raw config value .
Build a flattened map from a source .
Get a singleton template .
Private method to get the build reference date .
Get the value of a configuration key .
Get a config map from the config .
Prepare named processors for processing .
Add from a builder to the builder .
Private method to get the default string .
Returns the name of the image in the project .
Retrieves the registry for the project
Get the current state of the system .
Get the URL of a service .
Get a boolean property from the global configuration .
create jest client
create internal node and validate it
Scan for candidate plugins .
Creates an american express rewards balance object
Get amount of rewards balance .
create a paypal payment resource from a json string
Perform a GET request .
POST request with authorization fingerprint
Create a venmo configuration from a json dictionary .
Collect data from a braintree fragment .
Collect device data from fragment .
Collects the device data from the payload .
get client metadata id
Check if a package is valid
Get the value of a string from a json dictionary .
parses the json body of a payment method nonces
Get the checkout recipe configuration .
Returns the billing agreement recipe for the current browser .
get a GET request
POST call callback .
POST a POST request
Approve a local payment
Add a listener listener .
Remove a listener listener .
Request the balance agreement .
This method is called when the activity result is received .
parse the response
Add nouns to a dictionary .
remove word from dictionary
Convert a sequence of tokens into a list of strings .
Extract phrases from tokens .
Detokenize a list of tokens .
Fetch data from a byte buffer .
Join a list of nal units together .
Write nal units to out buffer .
Return a profile for the given integer i .
Normalize a double precision and generate fixed precision .
Read the next byte to the next marker .
Read the next byte buffer from the next marker .
find the max available frame
Perform modification on a file
Returns the edited duration .
Convert a frame to a time value .
convert time to frame value
Calculates the amount of edited times to edited time .
Calculates the amount of edited tv to media time .
Convert a video frame number to a time value .
Returns a time value from a video player .
Convert a timevalue to a timecode frame .
Formats a timecode sample into a string
Return 8 - bit unsigned integer .
Set a bit value to a list .
Returns True if this color matches this color .
Returns a new size with the given number of components .
Create a track .
Read a 32 - bit CRC .
create a wav header
Create a wav header from a list of headers .
Parse a MAC .
Encode a single symbol .
Split a movie .
Decode a frame .
Set the big endian flag .
Deblock the given mb
Encode a native frame with the given picture .
Encode an EBML encoded length .
Calculate the length of an ebml length .
add packet to write buffer
Reposition the file .
Decodes an integer into an integer .
Decode a byte bypassing any remaining bits .
Move a contiguous marker to the specified position .
Return the sample frequency for an integer i .
Make a plane on a plane
Multiply a block with the given dc block .
Multiply the coefficients of a polynomial .
Finalize the given block .
Concatenate bits in a bit buffer .
Rewrite a signed 32 - bit integer to the given length .
Seek to a given frame .
Get the picture of a loaner picture .
return the index of gain change point
Convert a byte array to an integer .
Convert an integer to a byte array .
Convert audio format to float buffer .
Read from float buffer .
Interleave the audio format with the given format .
Perform deinterleave on a given format .
Get the sample size .
Build a list of wipe maps for the given size .
Read an ul array from a byte buffer .
Read a batch of int32 bits from a byte buffer .
Calculate the vector between two vectors .
Encodes a picture .
Encode a PNG picture .
Encode a PNG picture .
Gets the supported codecs .
Gets the supported tags .
Adds a reference to the given JNI reference .
Cleans up all the references in the queue .
Flushes all references to this reference .
Loads the JNI library .
Attempt to unpacks the given library from the given path .
Delete all temporary files in the temporary directory .
Get the default layout for the audio channel .
get audio channel type from layout
Create a static media packet .
Returns a string with the version information .
Returns the default time base .
Return a Deferred that can be used to instantiate the machine .
Play a video .
Display video at given time .
Return a codec descriptor for the given codec .
Print an option to the given stream .
Register a URL factory for the given protocol prefix .
Generate a unique name .
Create a media audio audio resampler .
Gets the supported video frame rate .
Gets the supported video pixel format .
Gets the supported audio sample rate .
Gets the supported audio formats .
Gets the supported audio channel layouts .
Set boolean flag .
Set flag2 flag .
Returns a decoder for swigc .
Returns a Deferred that can be used to instantiate the manager .
Returns a list of formats that are available on the server .
Create a filter graph .
Get the bit stream filter type .
Get a byte buffer from a given offset .
Creates a new audio frame
Resample the input picture .
Validates the given image .
Checks if the given media picture is valid .
return the filter graph
Get the key value bag .
Convert cpu name to a string .
Get the CPU for the given gnu string .
Get OS name .
Get OS name for the given OS name .
Play a sound file .
Loads a shared library .
Adds a library to the list of loaded libraries .
Load a candidate library .
Initialize search paths .
Check if a library is already loaded .
Deletes the current session .
Get a streamer stream .
Returns the muxer for this SWI .
Create a set script transaction .
Decode a byte string .
Generate a random seed .
Get a transaction by id
Get a list of transactions .
Get a list of transactions .
Get a list of block headers
Get the block by signature
Return a string representation of a transaction .
Write a script to a script .
compile a script
Writes the primitive array to the specified position .
Flush the buffer .
Write object to memory .
Reads the fst class .
Write an object to the output buffer .
Sets the mmf file .
Get the specificity of a given class .
resize the memory to memory
Remove a binary entry from a byte source .
Writes a byte string to the file .
Set the buffered output stream .
create json configuration
Create fst configuration .
Calculate the size of the object in bytes .
Clear all cached caches .
Get object from input stream .
Get data from memory .
Get object from byte array .
Get object output from stream .
Register cross platform mapping .
Get the CP for a given class cl .
Write an integer to binary data .
Write binary data to binary .
Writes a packed integer to binary data .
Write a byte array to a byte array .
Get a cached fst .
Called when the object is written .
Called when an object has been written .
Returns the serialization info for fst .
Write array to file .
Set the string s length .
Write binary array to the specified stream .
Finish the change tracking .
snapshot the changes from origin base
This function is used to register an object for write operations .
Write object to byte array .
Read data from a byte array into an object .
read bytes from storage
Read an integer from the specified buffer .
Move the specified number of bytes to the specified length .
Sets the thread pool to use .
Start a cassandra server .
Clean data embedded in cassandra .
Copies the given resource to the given directory .
Try to connect to a remote port
Create a new subscriber state .
returns a map from onnx descriptor to onnx descriptor
Calculate output shape .
Boolean operator .
Compute and return the boolean condition .
Evaluate AND condition on nd4j .
Multiprocessing .
apply a condition to the condition
return the first index of an array
return a flat array of floats
Create a function object from flat properties
Takes a list of functions and returns a flat array .
Sets the exception to be raised .
Sets the first exception to be thrown .
merge two lists
Partition a variable into a list of chunks .
Get data buffer type nd4j .
Ensure that the lock has been held .
Get current device architecture .
convert col2im to matrix
pooling 2D pooling
Creates a compression descriptor from a byte buffer .
Split a list into multiple batches .
Checks that the concatenation of arrays are valid .
Set the type of the given data type .
Creates an ind linspace for a given range .
Convert a list of matrices into a flat matrix .
Perform bilinear products for the given indices .
Creates a complex value .
Creates a complex value of a complex type .
Creates a complex value of a complex type .
Check if the current time is replicated .
Subtracts the value of a component c .
Calculate theta of a complex number .
Return the ceiling of a complex number .
Negate a complex number .
Return the absolute value of a complex number .
Empirical power .
Binarize the features to a given cutoff .
Returns a new dataset with the given num samples and outcomes .
Return the footprint of the memory footprint .
Returns a string representation of the exception .
Simple function to simplify a full hostname .
Convert a list of strings to a string .
Convert a byte string to a hex string .
Get a list of strings from a string .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Find the next character in string starting at start .
Escape html string .
Join a list of strings into a single string .
Convert string to CamelCase .
Returns a string representation of the stack trace .
Invert an array to a square matrix .
Returns the nth integer at the specified position .
Returns whether the simulation is actual on the host .
Returns true if the actor is real .
Create shape information .
Create shape information .
Check if data is vector .
Get the order of an array .
Calculate the offset of a shape array .
Convert a list of indices to a ndarray .
Get the short value of the given integer .
Reallocate the internal data buffer .
Copies data at offset to the specified offset .
Returns a constant buffer for constant data .
Returns the kafka uri .
Return the power of an ndarray .
Compute logarithm of an ndarray .
Return the maximum value of an array .
Calculate the maximum of two values .
Return the minimum value of an array .
Calculate the minimum of two values .
Stabilize an indy .
Creates an expm1 function .
Return the log1p of an array .
Create a new index array for the given bounds .
Get the next batch .
Build an allocation shape .
Checks if a given name exists in the path .
Read data from a stream .
Sweep the tail of the last device .
Create an index from a npy pointer .
Create a Indicator from a numpy file .
Allocates a paged pointer .
Attach an object to the object .
Returns true if the server is running .
Execute an op .
Flushes all queued messages .
Get the input stream for this resource .
Get the device for the given thread id .
attach thread id to device
Get the next device number .
Get OS name .
Calculate architecture .
Publish data to producer
Creates a new data buffer .
Intercept int data type .
Add c to result .
Called when a payload is received .
Calculate the maximum pooling 3D D .
Compute a depth - wise convolution with a depth - wise convolution .
Reset the state of all invocations .
Get the class of an operation .
Allocate and allocate a new array and allocate it .
Get the shape of the variable .
Evaluate the function and return the result .
Compress double precision data .
Compute the complex exponential product .
Center a complex ndarray .
Truncate a complex numpy array to a specified dimension .
Add zeros to i .
Calculate the maximum of an array .
Broadcasts an array to all connected devices .
Send a message to the transport .
Calculate the big decimal value of the Gamma value .
Return the square root of x .
Return the root of x .
Returns the exponential exp of the given value .
Return the result of the power of x .
Round a big decimal value to a given number .
Return the tangent of x .
Convert a float to a log - likelihood .
Calculate the square root of x .
Scale a value to a big decimal .
Scale a value to a decimal value .
Convert x to decimal value .
Put a function for a differential function .
returns a list of strings for the given function
update array for given variable name
Put a shape for a variable .
Associate an array with a variable
Get the property for a given function instance .
Add a property for a differential function .
add a function to the output for a given variable
this function will raise an exception if it doesn t exist
Checks if the given function has arguments .
Evaluate the outputs of a given function .
Create a definition for a single variable .
Creates a new element with the given value .
Create a sparse matrix with zeros .
Remove an argument from the function .
set the gradient for a variable
Calculate the average pooling function .
Generate a SD gru .
Execute a list of differential functions .
Create a While statement .
Evaluates the given function and returns the result .
Evaluate a function by name .
return the result and end result
Add a variable to the list .
Allocate memory for a given size .
Calculate the length for a data buffer type .
Get data from data buffer .
Get data type from static data buffer .
return the op num by name
Destroy all the workspaces for current thread .
Log the allocation statistics for current thread .
Perform a trmv step .
Evaluate the accumulation function .
Decode an int to target .
Get the name of a node
Invoke a scalar op operation .
Raise an exception if there are no workspace open .
Calculate negative log likelihood .
Send a request to the specified time .
Attempt to schedule a toe request to be queued .
Release the toe flag .
Get the current state of the current thread .
Process the message from the clipboard .
Initialize a new data set from a list of examples .
Initialize the host collectors .
Get device pointer .
Synchronize the host data buffer .
Apply updater to gradients .
Synchronize to host .
Creates a ndarray from an index .
Returns a map of properties for the given function .
Return True if all arguments have place holders .
Compute the difference between two state variables .
Format an array of strings .
Export the same diff as the same diff .
Convert a complex type to a binary blob .
Load complex complex data into memory
Saves the database to the database .
Copy real to an array .
Copy the imaginary part of an array .
Add the difference between two complex numbers .
Assign an array to self .
Returns a nd4j .
Add a new row to the index .
Add a single column to the current matrix .
Subtract the result of sub - i .
Return the result of addition .
Subtract the value of an element and return the result .
Add a value to an element .
Assign value to i .
Create a complex complex vector .
Compute the complex eigenvalues of a matrix .
Compute the generalized eigenvalues of a matrix .
Calculate the maximum i - th axis of an array .
Copies data from x y to x y
Apply scalar to the array x .
Called when a message is received .
Return the number of nonzero elements in the weight matrix .
Do the reduction .
Get a constructor for a non - arg constructor .
Handles get constructor .
Invoke a method on a given method handle .
Get an annotation from a list of annotations .
Get the declared annotation of a class .
Checks if the specified annotation is present in the class .
Creates a proxy for the given class .
Loads a data entity from a base entity .
Save the given po file to the given path .
Create a memcache proxy .
Get metadata for the given kind .
Query keys with only one key .
Create a hybrid query for the given key query .
Perform a query on the entity .
convenience method to perform a projection query
Returns the number of keys in the query .
Safely partition an iterator .
Returns an iterator over the results of the query .
Return a string with the given path .
Creates a key for the given po object .
Compare two keys .
Construct a key from raw data .
Returns the raw key .
Private method to get the kind of the class .
Checks if the type of type is not a type .
Checks if super type is a super type .
Get the exact super types of a given type .
Capture the type of the given type .
Get a translator for a given type .
Get a populator from a given class .
Returns an index instruction .
Checks if the given method is of type .
Returns a list of declared properties .
Returns the key metadata for the given key .
Get the value associated with the given key .
Fetch pending translations and translate them to Google Cloud Datastore .
Fetch pending messages .
Add the discriminators for the given class .
Register a subclass of the given translator .
Get collection component type .
Get map key type from map type .
Return the forward path .
Get the final path .
Returns the path as a string .
Return the number of nodes in this tree .
Put all updates in the cache .
Empty the cache .
Put a set of buckets into the memcache .
Get a list of objects from the cache .
Returns a set of all the keys in the given buckets .
Sets the incomplete key in the datastore .
Set the long ID of a polynomial .
Get the raw value of the parent meta
Register a subclass of a subclass .
Checks if two types have common subtype .
Private method to transform the owner of a given type into a class .
Get an annotation for a given type .
Add all session information to the map .
Load a result from a key .
Executes the current round .
Return a result cache from raw data .
Fetch one or more keys .
Loads an object from the given metadata .
Create a raw key .
Returns the raw raw key .
Returns the value of the incomplete key .
Parse a URL safe key .
Marks a transaction as a transaction .
A transactional transaction .
Perform a single transaction .
Checks if the given object matches the given conditions .
Private method to create an object from y .
Returns a datastore .
Get metadata for the given object .
Allocate an incomplete key range .
Creates a new objectify and adds it to the stack .
remove the last object from the stack
Removes all indexes from the list .
Create a reference to the given value .
Safely throw an exception if not found .
Add a value to the set .
Returns True if the task has completed .
Generate a list of if conditions .
Execute all tasks .
Get container by path .
Returns a new instance of the given kind .
Unwrap and throw an exception .
Creates a translator for the given type .
Get the root entity of a class .
Creates a translator for the given type .
Load property from a pojo .
Private method to retrieve a property from a container .
Set the value of the given Python object to the given value .
Save property to pojo .
Get the value of a pojo property .
Write all extensions to a json generator .
Writes the given category to the given json generator .
Writes the content categories for the given field .
Process the given snippet .
Return an iterator over the bids from the response .
Returns the bid with the given id .
Update the bids in the response .
Remove all bids from the response .
Read all extensions from the message .
Return True if the token is empty .
Register an open rtb json reader .
Register open rtb json writer .
Process the submitted bids .
Process the fields in the snippet .
Update a list of objects .
Filters all objects that match a given filter .
Returns the current name of the current parser .
handles start object
handles start array
Skip the current token .
Write a boolean field to a json file .
Writes a list of strings to a generator .
Writes integers to a json file .
Writes a list of long strings to a file .
Write the list of enums to a JSON file .
Resolve a URL to a base URL .
Fix a URL with a pure query string .
Returns the host segments of the given URL .
Get the host of a URL .
Get a page from a URL .
Load a list of strings from storm configuration .
extracts the config element from the list
Get the protocol for the given URL .
Generate warc .
Extracts a refresh url from a value .
Get metadata for a given outlink and source URL .
Apply metadata to metadata .
add url to queue
Cleans up a field name .
Get the charset from the byte data .
Get the charset from a byte array .
Private method to get the charset from the meta buffer .
Checks if the byte content is in a byte array .
Set the value of a key .
Get the first value of a given set of keys .
Get a list of cookies .
Check if a cookie matches the domain name and hostname .
Returns a cache key for the given URL .
Get the robot rules from the given url .
Extract meta tags from a fragment .
Called when a tuple is received .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given URL is valid .
Apply substitutions to a URL string .
Read rules from a file .
This method is called when the URL to filter the URL to the query .
Get a navigation filters from a configuration file .
Add a record format format to this GDFS bolt .
Throttle the number of times the number of queries sent .
Checks if the number of seconds received from the max delay between num delay seconds .
Returns a parse filters .
Append a new node to the current node .
Add a processing instruction to the document .
Comment for a character .
Starts the start of the XML element .
Retrieves the string value for a URL .
Trims text to max length
Checks if a custom interval is valid .
Get a URL from a storm configuration file .
Set the number of items in the wheel .
Resolve the size and state of a measure .
Set the drawable for the empty item .
Set the wheel angle .
Updates the currently selected position .
Invalidate the item drawable .
Convert position to wheel position .
Update velocity if necessary .
Returns the contrast color for a given entry .
Clamp integer to upper limit .
Write coveralls source callback to writer .
Get a byte buffer from the current iterator .
Set a string to the array .
Make 1 - D array object .
Make array char .
Make a array from a string array .
Creates a array from an array of string values .
Get forecast time interval offset from Grib2 record .
Show the state of the main window .
Show if the frame is not iconified .
Calculate the size of a grid or grid set of grid points .
Print grib1 file .
Creates a new unit name .
Creates a new unit name .
Make the plural of a string .
Returns True if the date is included in the datetime .
Return a new date range intersecting the given date range .
Extend the date range from the given date range .
Extend this date to the given date .
Set start time .
Set the start time of the event .
Set the duration of this interval .
Add a map button .
Prints a string and prints it to sys . stdout
Get the name of the package .
return a string representation of the parameters
Open a DMR file .
Private method that computes the bounds of a bounding box .
Updates the ui ui ui
Compute an unlimited chunking for the specified size .
Register a directory .
Perform the event loop .
Wrap a feature dataset .
returns True if the feature type is ok
find feature type in netcdf file
Write catalog to HTML .
convert catalog to html
get user css url
Get the head of the user .
Make a dynamic catalog
Adds global services to the catalog .
Initialize global authentication with given provider .
HTTP GET method .
put content on urlencoded url
Private method for front page
Creates a catalog
Extract geospatial coverage .
get a dataset by type name
Return True if vertex value is nearly equal to the given vertex value .
Creates a new unit id .
Parse grads attribute string .
Read from a random position file .
Convert two integers to a byte array .
Convert a list of bytes to an integer .
Creates a date object from julian days and milliseconds .
Make a valid netcdf object name
Checks if a string name is valid .
Read record data .
Read record data subset .
Internal method to fill non - record variables .
make time struct
Make grads time struct .
Check if a time template has a time template
Adds a function to the list of functions .
Get a boolean function by its name .
Get a function by its name .
Load a server side function .
Returns the level name of a grid level
Returns the level description for a given level
Returns the level unit for the given level .
Returns the type of the GDS projection .
Returns true if the given level is vertical coordinate .
Checks if grid is a layer .
make a coordinate transform
make a dummy transform variable
make a projection project
Create an xml file from a string .
Save the current state of the widget .
Set the current chronology with the given datetime .
Write the number of bytes written to the console .
Write an atomic array to the dap type .
Write bytes to bytes .
Write bytes to output .
Finish the init process .
Returns a calendar date range from a date range
Creates a Grib2gds object .
Parse a string and return the result .
Parse a DASP string and return the result .
Swap the header of the grid
read a grid
main entry point for idas
Write a string to file .
Write headers and service info .
Write all operations to file .
Read all files in a directory .
Scan a log file and log it .
Returns the type of the given grid number .
Find the gempak grid record matching the parameter .
This function is used to get data from DMM .
Internal method to unpack data from a file .
Private implementation of Dpu algorithm .
Unpack data from Grib1 Grib1 .
Unpack Grib2 data into a single float array .
Print the grid records to stdout .
Read next byte .
Return a calendar date for the given calendar .
Creates a calendar date object .
Returns a calendar date for given number of milliseconds .
Return a calendar date for a given calendar .
parse a calendar date string into a calendar date
Calculate the difference between two date objects .
Create CDM variable .
This method is called when a servlet is started .
Escape characters in a string .
Create a list of slices from ranges
Unwraps the given netcdf file .
Returns true if all dims are variable length .
Compute the effective shape .
Add a date to the calendar .
Returns the unit multiplied by the given unit .
Divide this unit into another unit .
Divide this unit into another .
Returns a unit scaled to the given power .
Converts a double to a derived unit .
Convert the input value to a derived unit .
Return a double from the derived unit .
Get the canonical string representation of the unit .
Read data from an array of data .
Read data from a coords collection .
Flatten a collection of station names into a feature collection .
Find a service by name .
Returns the gate size corresponding to datatype .
Returns the gate start .
Get the gate count .
Write a NetCDF dataset to XML .
Returns the preferred layout size for the given container .
Verify the crawlable dataset
This function is used to create a proxy for a proxy dataset .
Returns a calendar date unit for the given calendar name .
Returns a calendar date unit for the given calendar .
Returns a calendar date unit for the given calendar .
Returns a quantity dimension .
Check if a file is a valid file .
Read 1 - dimensional variable data .
Read int data from a layout regular expression into an array .
Read the number of floats in the specified channel .
Calculate elevation at angle angle .
Calculates the number of bins given a range of bins .
Calculate azimuth between azimuth and azimuth .
Calculates the data from the data
Calculate the nyquist coefficient .
make a vertical transform for netcdf
Set the debug flag .
Set the extend index .
read x y values from grid
returns true if the given variable is missing from the grid
Returns a bounding box bounding box .
Finalize the sequence data .
Truncates a string buffer .
Pads a string to a given length .
Pad integer v to given width .
Return a string representation of a long integer .
Returns a string representation of a byte size .
Print the given double precision and number of significant figures .
Print a 2 - D representation of a double precision .
Returns a string representation of a shape .
Finish the slice .
Returns a string representation of this constraint .
Compose two slices together .
Multiply the values in a slice by i .
Dump byte data to a byte buffer .
Get the type of an earth ellipsoid .
Get earth ellipsoid by epsg id
Decode vlencoded data from nc stream .
extract url from url
get text content
filter out tags in the input stream
Read data from a given section .
Add all the attributes to the given iterable .
Remove an attribute from a list .
Remove an attribute from the list .
Returns a list of times in time units .
Add an action source listener .
Parse a string as a standard date .
Get ISO 8601 date from string .
Returns the date origin .
Returns a date object .
Make a date from a value .
Return the value in seconds since the given date .
Make a standard date string .
returns the value in km between units
Add the dimensions to a netcdf file .
Private function to add coord axis to netcdf file .
Make projection from netcdf file
Private method to add derivative to variable v .
add a coord system variable to netcdf file
Make the CLC .
This function makes sure the grid points are in the grid .
Calculate the mercator at the given position .
set dx and dy in grid
Private method to read an inv dataset .
Read metadata content from a URL .
Returns current level type 1 .
Check if a file is valid .
Writes the given bytes to the given buffer .
Clears the name of the table .
Find the name of a coordinate in a netcdf dataset .
Get the name of a coordinate in a netCDF dataset .
Build the XML string .
Build dap exception
Split a variable var into a list of dimensions .
make a dimension from a netcdf dataset
Helper function to create new variables for given netcdf variable .
make a time coordinate from a reference variable
Shortcut to remove a float value from a given bit mask .
Main entry point for grib to netcdf
Returns a netcdf dataset instance with the given mode .
Open a netcdf file .
Clears all the variables of all variables
Find the coordinate associated with the given axis .
Find a coordinate axis by full name
Find a coordinate system by name .
Find coordinate transform by name .
Check if enhance mode is needed .
Set the values of the variable in the variable v .
Set the values of the variable v .
Make an array of string values .
Get the index of the DataFrame .
Return an existing mo .
Returns a list of features intersecting the given bounding box .
Discretize a list of n values .
Add metadata to the metadata .
Add the documentation for the given type .
Removes all documentation from the list
Get the maximum number of bytes from start to end .
Returns True if the given netcdf file is mine .
takes a string and returns a list of convention names
Build convention attribute names .
This method is used to build the coordinate system of the given netcDF dataset .
Find all coordinate axes in a netcdf file .
Find all variable types in a netcdf file .
Recursively make all variable types in the network .
Ensure that the variable is maximal .
Checks if a variable is a coordinate for a variable
Sets the subset of the inv dataset .
Set the filter for this dataset .
Mark a dataset as read .
Initialize the TDS context
Count the number of occurrences of the given value .
Add a new symbol .
Compare two strings .
Compare two boolean values .
Pass the given map to the given node .
Checks validity of date range
Register a class with the given class name .
This method is called when a class is created .
Checks if a dsp class is registered .
Unregisters a dsp class .
Calculate the forecast time interval size in hours .
Get a forecast time interval offset from a Grib2 record .
Gets the vertices for the given code code .
Sort the DAP node .
find a variable with the given attname
Find a variable with the given attribute name and value .
Find the name of a variable in a netcdf dataset .
Finds the variable with the given attribute value and returns it .
Find a nested structure in a nested structure .
Returns True if a netcdf3 record has a structure .
Get a literal from a netCDF dataset .
get feature type from netcdf
Get a variable name from a netCDF dataset .
Get the coordinate value at j and i .
Calculate the value of a double jump .
Get the current coordinate values .
section between two ranges
Find the index in the array that is closest to run .
Deprecated . Use getName instead .
Adds an action to the menu .
Return the match at path .
Runs the main program .
Find the index of the byte in bytes starting from start to end .
Add a source picture to the cache .
Write the number of cache entries to the screen .
Stop loading of background images .
stop the background loading of a source picture
HTTP GET method .
Create a mock method .
Random float number of floats
Get the next count .
Reads data from the specified section .
Get a file system provider .
Read station table .
Extracts the index of the gr element corresponding to the gr .
Removes a data variable from the data variable list .
convert height to meters
This method is called when the main interface is read .
Set the number of colors to use .
Calculate the affine transform .
Creates an auth scope from a uri .
Finish the list of records .
Returns true if the given factor is reciprocal of another .
Get a directory catalog from a given directory .
Find the index of an item in the array .
Private method to read metadata from a URL .
Read metadata content and metadata from the Jupyter notebook
Add metadata to metadata object
Validate metadata content .
read the catalog config element
Private method to read dataset element
Read dataset namer element .
read dataset filter element
Read a result service element .
Creates a cat gen config element .
create dataset source element
create dataset namer element
create dataset filter element
create result element
returns True if the given flag is set
constructs a menu
read parameters from a tbl file
private method to make a gempak parameter
get a parameter by its name
Read the contents of the given file as a string .
Helper function to read bytes from an input stream .
Replace a file template with a given ensemble template .
Set station information .
Check if the given string is valid .
Read a bitmap file .
Set the netcdf file for the given netcdf file .
Set the debug flag .
Parse a name into a name parts .
Checks if the given dstruct is a group .
get netcdf string length
get a dimension in a group
Construct a list of dimensions from a group .
Returns True if dtype is unsigned False otherwise .
read data from DDS
get image icon
Get an image from the toolkit .
make a cursor
Read data from a RandomAccess file .
Fill data with fill value .
Read data from layout .
Make a primitive array from data type
Convert a byte array to a character array .
Convert a character to a byte array .
Convert a byte array to a single char array .
Reads a parsed section and returns an array .
Private method to parse array structure .
get string representation of member recnum
Get scalar structure data .
Get array member array .
Compute structure members of a DAP variable
Add dimensions to netcdf file .
Normalizes a path .
Add a nested dataset to the cache .
Add a dataset scan .
Finish the task manager .
Make all datasets .
Private function to get a typical dataset .
Create a dataset .
Adds the restrict access to the resource control dictionary .
Add a point to the grid .
Returns the bb of the bounding box .
Get the bb value of the bounding box .
Validate the input string .
Matches the inv dataset against the inv dataset .
Add all features to a dataset .
Parse a constraint and parse it
Evaluates the given object s clauses and returns the result .
Print all the clauses in the list to the file .
Amend the given netcdf file with the given eos .
Private method to set shared dimensions .
Checks if any of the unknown dims are valid .
Find a group by its name .
Read the content of an Xlink file .
Try to get the standard uri .
Sets the projection of the given type .
Register a layout component .
Invalidate the layout .
remove a layout component
calculate the dimension size of the container
display a container
Returns True if the coordinate system is a radial coord system .
Calculate maximum radial .
Calculate the latitude and longitude for a given location .
Convert from satellite to earth coordinates
Calculate the geos to geos .
Convert scan geometry to sweep angle .
Convert angle to scan geom
Set the runtime coords of the runtimes .
Write point observations to a file .
write point feature dataset to file
get array sequence from member name
Returns the full name of the parent .
Returns a unique identifier .
get access to service
Find a dataset by name .
Returns the parent catalog .
Returns a list of metadata for the specified type .
Find a service by name .
Returns a new THREDDS metadata .
Find all catalog refs in a dataset tree .
Escapes a URL .
Add an array to an array of d3d . d3d . d3d . d
Interpolate a double precision array to an array .
Compute the rho of a sphere .
Returns detailed info as a string
Create a structure for a gempak part .
Create a missing variable
Create a param variable
Initialize global attributes .
returns the size of a variable
get 1 d 1 d array
Return the current state of YYYY instruction .
private method to print error information
private function to print yy rules
Read DMR packet .
Read the next error .
Read data from the given buffer .
read a boolean header
Convert ISO string to date object .
Read a table from a URL .
transfer group to netcdf file
Private method to get a file from a given location .
Open file with random access .
Get the beginning of a given index .
Returns the end of the given index
Create all grib collections .
Private method to set the edit text .
get data type
Calculates the ECLA ellipsoid for a given point .
Cleans up a unit string .
Removes whitespace from the given name and cleans it up .
Return True if unitless unit is unitless .
Factory for creating notes .
Get the variable id of a note .
parse a DAS file into a table
find dods v
find a data v
Find a child by its index .
Get the parent group .
Returns the dimension at the given index i .
Find the index of a dimension in the given name .
Get the units attribute .
Returns the shape as a section .
This method is used to slice a variable into an arbitrary number of dimensions .
Set the enum typedef .
Read an array of ranges .
Read scalar value .
Reads an array .
Read array section .
Generate CDL .
Returns a string representation of the dataset .
Set the data type of this element .
Set the dimensions of this dataset .
Reset shape to empty shape .
Set the parent group s dimensions .
Reset the dimensions of this group .
Set the dimension at idx .
Set the cache data .
Get all the dimensions .
Initialize the bounding box .
Order the uv hash
Gets all the datasets .
Return True if path ends with dsp
Creates a cdmdsp file and opens it .
Build DMR file .
Recursively build data types for a variable
Builds the dimension references to the dap variable
Find candidates for enum typedef .
Returns a list of core dims .
Scan a file for a given file .
Process a bufr message .
Do the actual HTTP POST .
Get the affine transform .
Rotate the map area .
Calculate the map area of a projection rect .
Move a projection point to the screen .
Pan the area of the current zoom .
Zooms at start position
Recalculate from the bounding box .
Adds a listener l .
remove a listener from the list
Send the event to the scheduler .
Sends an event to the event .
Prints the given command to the writer .
Returns a string representation of the variable data .
Writes a variable data section of a variable .
Write a structure to a file .
Convert an array to plain text .
Print an array to the terminal .
Write ncdf to file .
Reads a double value from the attribute container .
Add a parameter to a netcdf file .
Private method to read object from dap
Returns true if the grid is positive up .
Checks if the given unit is compatible with this unit .
Create a label from a quantity id .
Set bit offset .
Convert nb bits to unsigned integer .
Convert a bitstring to a bitstring .
open http connection
Get a das command
returns complete ce string
Perform projection on a projection point .
convert idv dataset catalog to string
Convert a date range into a date range .
Checks if a valid file is valid .
Populate the satellite information .
Handle the sensor information .
Get the root element from a location .
Clean XML data .
Unescape a string using a UTF - 8 encoding .
Attempt to escape a given URL .
Unescape a URL .
Remove backslash characters from a string .
Encode backslash characters .
Add lightning global attributes to Netcdf file .
Swap short bits to a byte array .
Swap int to b .
Swap two double bits .
Swap floating point bits .
Swap two double bits .
Convert a short integer to a byte array .
Convert an integer to a byte array .
Convert a long integer to a byte array .
Creates a new vertical transform subset .
Returns a string representing the last modification date .
returns the index of a c in s
Start writing the XML file .
Writes the list of feature names to file .
Add levels to a list of levels
add dimensions to netcdf file
Add a string to a netcdf file .
Find coordinate transform in group
Get the index of a grid record .
Stop timer .
returns a file object
Get an existing file or cache file .
Print the contents of the cache file .
Remove all files in a directory .
Calculate the bearing between two points .
Calculate the bearing between two points .
CLI entry point .
Find nearest point on earth .
Find the nearest point on the earth .
Find the nearest point on the earth .
Load picture from thread
Load a picture .
Log picture .
Stop the image .
This function is used to stop the image if it isn t loaded .
Returns a dimension size
Sets the content of the source image .
Try to get the standard uri .
Transfer info to list
Count the number of bits in the data descriptor .
Compare two data descriptors .
Load header .
Load data from a stream .
get data field by name
get double value by name
get a string by its name
Get a boolean by its name
Returns the name of the field .
returns a list of all field names .
Run dbase .
Returns a map of attributes .
Set the attribute of the DAP attribute
Removes a DAP attribute .
Returns the group of this group .
Get the container s container
Get the current short name .
Returns a list of the container path
Returns a list of group paths of the current sorting group .
Returns the full qualified name of the DAP node .
Build dm data structure .
Put a collection of value for key .
get a list from a list
Get the object named by key name .
Reads the data from a random raf file .
Print the current dataset to stdout .
Print compound instance .
Return a string representation of the element .
Write XML to file .
Write XML to stream .
Write element to writer .
Make a dimension element .
make coordinate transform
returns an array of integer values for the specified attribute
Create a base unit .
Creates a unit name .
create db base db
Get an instance of the si_interception .
Find coord element in target array
Find the index of the closest coordinate .
Return a subset of a coverage coordinate .
Open a feature dataset .
open a feature dataset
Annotate dataset with title and id
Read random data from a random file .
Assemble a set of parts into a URI .
Return a canonical version of a string .
Normalize the given units .
Initialize the xlink URI
Get the object at key .
Adds the specified key and value to the specified object .
get current date
Print XML to stdout .
Print XML .
Checks if a dap attribute is special
Print the dimensions referenced by the variable .
Check if a random file is valid .
Set area directory attributes .
set nav block attributes
Get calibration type .
Private method to set the variable type attributes .
find table names in table
Find the full name of a coordinate in a netcdf dataset .
find coord by type
static method to get coord by predicate
Find the dimension by the given axis type .
Find the best coordinate system in a netcdf dataset .
Find the dependent axis based on the given axis and axis type
get a variable by name
Read marker .
Write marker to data stream .
Main function .
Get a Java array member from a Java structure member .
get the list of parameters
Set a list of stations .
Set the selected station .
Redraw the current image .
Read an object from a file - like object stream .
Write the object to the object output .
Add a database to the database .
add unit to unit set
Add symbol to the given name .
Get a unit by its symbol ID .
Add a unit by its name .
Add a unit to the symbol map .
Adds a new unit to the map .
Prints a menu to the menu .
Find grib2 record by drspos .
Read data from dataset .
Serialize the data for a dataset .
Creates a copy of this projection .
Open a feature dataset .
open a feature dataset
open a netcdf dataset
notate netcdf dataset
Add a new partition to this dataset .
make grib collection
Creates a reg exp and duration coverage of a dataset
Creates a reg exp and duration coverage of a dataset
Write query capability to XML file .
Reads the structure data from a UCAR structure .
set the picture in the thread
Set the content of a buffered image .
Zoom to fit the given size .
Draw the current window .
Convert Tg fg to int float
returns a string that can be used to construct the TOC in order to use in the T
Generate string representation of integer IDs .
calculate day monday
Returns the length of an IPv4 instruction .
Reverse the number of bytes from start index to start index .
Returns the packing type for a given type .
Get the data type for the given typrt
Read data from input stream .
Externalize an external file .
Get a tag enum by code .
Get the next image from the file .
returns the size of dap type
Calculate the sum of an array .
Set the bounding box on the given bounding box .
Set the frequency of the overlap .
Clears all the data from the grid .
Mark clear area .
Find the intersection of the rectangle in the rect
Find the intersection of the given rect .
Find the closest object in rect
Calculate the squared distance between two points .
Get or create a base unit .
Search for service type in fragment .
Search for a service type .
Decode a path extension from a path extension .
Checks if a location is valid .
send data to a variable
Returns the suffix of the given fqn .
Returns the fully qualified name of a FQDN .
Locate a file .
Locate relative to relative path
Extract a byte array from a byte buffer .
return a list of the structure path of a DAP variable
Ensure that a path is null .
Join a list of strings into a string .
Return True if path has a drive letter character .
Get a list of protocols from a URL .
Convert a list of indices to a list of slices .
Returns a list of slices corresponding to a given offset .
Check if a list of slices are contiguous .
Check if a list of slices is single point .
Convert a list of slices into a index .
Read data from a netcdf file .
Set station information .
Read a feature collection from a catalog .
Updates a list of dap groups
Find variable in dap
return axis type
Get the grib stat type for a given time range indicator .
Subtracts a subset of lon lat lon coordinates .
Returns a list of ranges .
Sets the default values for the given property .
Returns the session id
Set the number of redirects to the number of redirects .
Sets the use of the HTTP session .
Close this connection .
Initialize authentication and proxy .
Attempt to track a session .
Set global credentials provider .
Raises exception if url string is invalid .
Factory for indexing .
Compute the stride of a shape .
Index ranges .
Removes the index from the index .
Reduce an index to a new dimension .
Transpose an index .
Permute the index permute the dimensions .
return an index iterator
Returns the current element .
Set the index to the current prefix .
Set the dimension to value .
Set the index v1 and v2 .
Returns the current time interval name .
Make a calendar date range from the given calendar .
Create a list of file headers .
Private method to find the gempak parameter for a dm part .
return a list of the gempak station list
Returns a list of station keys .
returns a list of all date strings
Find station index .
return file type
Indent the current depth .
Set indent level .
Creates a grib index from a single file .
add a directory scan
Checks if the current scan needs to be scanned .
Perform the first time scan .
Set debug flags .
Add a variable to the writer .
Write a netcdf file .
validate a docstring
Convert this slice into a constraint string .
Set the original variable as a structure .
Perform the content of the section .
Recursively check if any of the structure members are needed .
convert the array structure to the required format
Find all member info in the wrapper sm .
Look for variable from the given org name .
Checks if a variable has data .
Enhance all variables in the given mode .
Check if a resource control is available .
Make a new array with all the members of the given sequence .
create array sequence from given parameters
Make a sequence part of a gempak .
Adds vertical coord attribute
Read an XML file and set the catalog .
Read an XML catalog from a catalog .
read xml and create an inv catalog object
Write the catalog to an XML stream .
Returns the converter for the given key .
Return a dimensionless unit name .
Multiply a unit by its unit .
Divide this unit into another .
Convert a number to another unit .
Returns True if the derived unit is compatible with the derived unit .
Convert a simple geometry into a string .
write a string representing a point
Writes a GeoJSON line to a string
Write a Polygon object to XML .
Returns a list of subnodes of the given parent .
Pass a node to the dap
Get a subset of a variable .
Creates an IO object from an array structure .
Set a member array by name
Factory function to create an array from a structure .
get geometry type by name
Creates a station - line station feature .
Recursively compile the Compound AST .
Compile filter condition
add a dimension definition to the dataset
Create an array view .
Returns True if the given rect lon bounding box is contained within the bounding box .
extend a point
Extend this rectangle with the given rect .
Return the intersection of this rectangle intersecting the given rectangle .
Add two arrays .
Return True if two arrays are conformable .
Return True if shapea is conformable to shape b .
Convert an array to a data type .
Copies the elements of the array to the result .
Copies the boolean elements of a to a .
Copies the object from a to a to a .
Return the minimum and maximum value of an array .
Set a double value .
Create a new catalog builder .
Instantiate a projection adapter .
Unescape a DAP ID .
URL decode a string .
Unescape a URL .
Backslash escape function .
Unescape a string .
Tokenizes an escaped name .
Find the index of a character in a string .
Convert backslash backslash to dapath
Private method to read atomic scalars .
Returns a list of cursor path components .
Get the default value for the given property .
Traverse a component to get the J - Component class .
Checks that the Databuffer and databuffer has been initialized .
compile a d4 cursor array
create d4 cursor
compile a DAP sequence array into a d4 cursor
create d4 cursor
Read LEAD bytes .
Get a field by its name .
get the value of a field
set the value of a field
Add a field to the current document .
Add a check box .
Add a date field .
Add a double field .
Add an integer field .
Add a password field .
Add a field to a text field .
Add a text combo field .
Add a field to a text area .
Add a new heading .
Adds a new component to the layout .
Adds an empty row to the layout .
Find the active frame .
Get the cell spacing .
Get a list of all factors .
Adds the multidimensional factor to the given dimension .
Return the factors of the given power .
Returns True if the dimension is a reciprocal of this dimension .
Return True if all factors are dimensionless .
return grib1 param tables
Create a grib1 param tables .
Add a lookup table to the lookup table .
Add a grib1 param table to the database
Raise a unit if the given power is not dimensionless .
Convert a float to a derived unit .
Initialize the unit table .
make a vertical variable
Try to read the name from the file .
Grab a short integer .
Grab an integer from a byte array .
Grab a float from a byte array .
Attempt to grab a double from a byte array .
Private method to create an alias for the given alias .
Add symbol to symbol
Returns a converter between two units .
initialize a structure data model
Set point feature data
Draws the given region on the g .
Returns an iterator over the shapes in the projection .
Process the input stream .
Read buffer from input stream .
Read more bytes .
Read one byte from a byte array .
Skip the given number of bytes from the given number of bytes .
Add dimensions to netcdf file .
Returns the index of the coordinate in a grid record .
Checks if a random file is valid .
Open the random access file .
Read data from an array .
reads one row of data from rdata
Creates from a netcdf file .
create variable v if it doesn t exist
set the map area
set the map area of the project
Set the area of the map on a given point .
Set the projection implementation for this project .
add actions to menu
Redraw the redraw timer .
add a new screen size
set whether to be selected
Gets a double from the given offset .
Get a double value .
Get the atomic value at index .
Convert an integer id into a string
Reads a float from the byte buffer .
Find the parameter with ignore case .
Swap byte order .
returns the time steps per file
get the file name for a given time index
Private method to create a list of file names .
Private method to get the path to ddf file .
Return full path to given filename
Adds a chsub to the chsubs list
convert reference date to time value
Read a wmo file .
Get uncompressed data .
This function is called when the code is decoded .
build code for pcode 25 code
Check header of message header .
pcode 5 byte array
write 128 - bit 128 - bit 128 - bit 128 - bit 128
Convert a list of levels into a single level .
Calculates the dualpol levels of a given array .
Add a new variable to the netCDF file .
add a parameter to netcdf file
Uncompressed uncompressed bytes .
Convert unsigned integer to unsigned int .
Convert a byte string to an integer .
Convert byte array to array .
Perform a DMR request .
Returns a dap request object .
Sends error to dap request
Tests if p is a point on p
Stretch the current rectangle .
Format a date string .
Replace all data variables in a structure .
Ensure that the array size is too large .
This function is used to split two random integers into two integers .
Read an unsigned integer from a file .
Return a 3 - tuple of int 3 - > int
Return a 2 - bit unsigned integer .
Return a 32 - bit unsigned integer .
draw a float to a float
Return a floating point number .
Read a 32 - bit integer from a file .
Count the number of bits in a bitmap .
Returns a copy of this projection .
Returns a string representation of the current object .
Escape entities in a string .
Unescape backslashes from a string .
Split a string into a list of backslash characters .
Create a map of fmrc inv
Get the special case for a path
Return the number of projected components .
Returns the calendar date .
Creates a new bb .
main entry point for lucene index
private method to create a grib1 record
Return True if the netcdf file is mine .
private method to get the coordinate transform from a netcdf dataset
Reacquire an area .
True if the date is before the given date .
True if the date is before the given date .
Returns True if the date is after the given date .
Set a value at the given index i .
Add a coordinate system to this variable
Set the units of this variable
get the units attribute
Initialize the current settings .
Read the catalog from the path .
Processes a list of datasets .
Read cats in directory .
Returns true if the given long lie between two longitudes .
Convert a latitude to a longitude .
convert longitude to lat
Compares two quantity values .
Get the selected dataset .
Set selected dataset .
Creates a tree from a tree node
Open all catalogs
set the catalog
Sets the catalog resource .
Find an alias for a given variable .
Writes v to an unsigned integer .
Writes the given chars to a string .
Read characters from the given buffer .
Set the debug flags of a string .
Adds a member to the list .
Removes a member from the members list .
Gets the member names .
Find member by name .
Read bitmap from a random file .
Restore the state of the database to restore .
Get iterator for selected rows .
Returns the index of the model
Get the array value of a member .
Get the scalar value of a member .
Get double array value .
Get the scalar value of a member .
Get float values from a struct member .
Get the byte of a struct member .
Get Java array byte .
Get the integer value of a struct member .
Get a list of ints from a member .
Get a scalar short value .
Get a Java array representation of a member .
Get the scalar value of a member .
Get a list of integer values from a struct member .
Get a scalar char .
Get Java array char .
write one dataset
Create a copy of the dataset .
Fetches metadata from the dataset node .
Get the thredds metadata .
Add a product record to the list .
Displays the missing values in the formatter f .
Print a summary of missing values .
Find the record corresponding to the given time and level .
Dump grid records .
Make a long name .
Create a subset of a coverage coord axis .
Return True if two bytes are equal .
Parse a DMR dataset .
This method processes the attributes of the dataset .
Add coords to the partition collection .
Set the gaussian latitudes .
Parse a variable selector in the specified range .
Make a section spec string .
Test if a rectangle is inside a bounding box .
Closes the current connection .
Execute the command and return the status code line .
Identify an encoding station .
match axis type and dimension
Set the input stream .
Read the next character from the stream .
Start the task .
Parse a URI into a uri .
Exclude the given uri .
returns null if string is not empty
Concatenate two urls together .
Return True if the crawlable has been accepted .
Copies the information from the given grib collection .
Returns a list of all file names in the list .
Sets the index raf file .
Get the path of the index file in the grib index cache
Returns the number of counters in the nested list .
Add a global attribute .
Add a global attribute .
Delete global attribute
find a global attribute
Add a variable to the variable .
Add a variable to the variable .
remove an attribute from a variable
find an attribute in a variable
Make file sub type .
Writes the headers and bounds to the file .
Write all of the members to a gml file .
Writes the xml dataset to disk .
Writes a station collection document .
Write string to file .
Send dxr8 bytes to buffer .
write an error response
Close the connection .
Perform flush .
Returns True if there is an element in the list .
return the element at i .
Shift the range by origin .
Read data from rdf file .
Read data from the given layout .
Create a subset of the boolean primitive vector .
Set the parameters of the program .
Make a double array from ints .
get dataset boundaries
Checks requested variables not contained in dataset .
Get the dataset source structure .
Checks to see if the resource directory exists in the dataset .
This function makes the vertical dimensions of a netcdf file .
read a PIB file
Finish the process .
Private method to transfer public metadata from parent to parent
Transfer metadata from another ds instance to another
transfer inherited metadata from ds to another
Set the list of contributors .
Add a dataset .
Remove a dataset by its id
Replace a dataset by its id .
Add a service to the container .
Remove a service from the service
Sets the service local services .
Remove metadata from the local dataset
Gets the value of a user property .
Validate the input string .
Returns a list of all the descriptors of the current class .
Construct a server path from a servlet request .
Print WFS capabilities .
get a feature geometry
Private method to check parameters for errors .
Handler for HTTP requests .
Get the capabilities for a given URL .
Length of bytes .
Returns the last modified date of the object .
returns a file
returns the contents of the given string as a byte array
Set the content length of the response .
Get a uri from a request .
Returns the path of a servlet request .
Get the query string of a request .
Return the value of the specified parameter in the request .
Save the current state of the file .
Write a directory to a directory .
Create uncompressed bit counters .
Create count of replication bits .
Add a line to the end of the line .
make a station collection document
get capabilities document
Get the record at the given coordinates .
Returns the coordinate at index
Add an item to the list .
Handle exception handling .
Step a single position .
Get ncep process map .
get cdmrf endpoint
set the type of the record
Returns grib1 grib1 grib1 grib1 .
Copies data from input stream to output stream .
Copy the contents of a file into a string .
Copy the contents of an input file to a byte array .
Write the contents of the given string to a file - like object .
Copies a file - like object into a stream .
Copy a random file to the given buffer .
Recursively copy a directory tree .
Read the contents of a file into a byte array .
Read a file and return it as a string .
Write contents to a file .
Write contents to a file out .
Write input to file .
Handler for parsing parse exceptions .
Dap2 exception handler .
Handle bad URLs .
get catalog
Print catalog and version .
Print status of pending requests .
print bad url
Returns the reference date .
Read data from a variable section vlen file .
read an ncml document
open a ncml collection
Given a string check if any of the characters are in the given string .
Convert a byte array of bytes to a string .
Remove characters from a string .
Return a new string with only 7 bits removed .
Make a valid CDM object name .
Return the index of the first occurrence of the given string .
Pads a string to the desired length .
Pad a string to the desired length .
Remove substring from s .
Remove a character from a string .
Remove a character from a string .
collapse whitespace from a string
Replace a string in a string in s .
Returns a string with replace characters replaced with replace characters .
Replace a pattern with a value .
Substitute a string with a substring .
Substitute a string with a substring .
Removes all occurrences of a string from sb buffer .
Replace in - place in a string in sb .
Recursively replace in string with in string .
Substitute substring with match string .
Removes a certain character from a string .
Processes a collection update event .
Check the state of the current state
Update collection .
Returns a list of all the currently running experiments .
Release all resources .
Creates a new structure deep copy of the given structure .
Copies a structure to a byte array .
Copies the contents of a structure to an array .
byte - like object - > byte - > byte
Copies a structure to a byte buffer .
Return the forecast time interval size in hours .
Return a section of the given range .
Instantiate a table analyzer .
Run the analysis routine .
synchronize the grid reader
Returns a list of gaussian latitudes .
Swap long bits to a byte array .
Swap float to a byte array .
Swap char .
Find the coordinate axes of a netcdf dataset .
Adds a new parameter to the dataset
Find the common parent of other .
Return True if other is a parent group .
Set the parent group .
Add a dimension to this group .
Add a dimension if it does not exist .
Add a group to this group .
Add an enum typedef to the list .
Add a variable to the list .
Removes a dimension from the list of dimensions .
make a group relative to netcdf
convert a das attribute to a string
print the das to the print writer
Returns the variable with the given name .
Write a grid to a file .
Private method to replace missing values with missing values .
Replace missing values with missing values
Calculate the xstart position of the input array .
Write a GeoReferenceArray to a grid .
Writes the output of the servlet response .
make a top index file from a feature collection
Get grib collection type
update a feature collection
update leaf collection with leaf collection
Create a grib collection from a data file .
Create a grib collection from a data file .
Returns True if url matches pattern
Add a triple to the cache .
Find a triple in the cache .
Set up every triplestore .
Insert a triple into the triplestore .
Get a list of datasets .
Find a dataset by its name .
Set the project s new projection .
Initializes the iterator for the feature set .
Make array shape list
Compares the string representation of the given string .
Start a progress monitor task .
Private method to check if the collection needs to be updated
Given a list of environ and a list of environ return a list of new ones .
Set the value of the object at the given index .
Get a structure at index .
Copies all structures in the specified record to the result .
get scalar object
Convert a scalar double value to a double value .
Convert a scalar integer to a scalar integer .
get float from member recnum
Get a byte from a struct member .
get a scalar short value
Get scalar char .
get scalar string value
Get array structure .
get array sequence sequence
Get array object member .
Return the minimum value of a given value .
Evaluates the expression expr and returns the result
Returns a string representation of the current module .
Returns True if the given node is reference to the given node .
Evaluates a DAP variable .
Returns the number of expansion of the given dap structure .
Compute the enumeration of all variables in the dap variable .
Compute the group groups .
Compile a CCE expression .
Checks if a given file is valid .
make the actions system
Returns a byte order for the given number of bytes .
set system byte order
Find public key in public key .
Find file header by name .
return a float array of a file header
Print the parts of the list .
Get a data pointer .
Move the position of the word in the Dm file .
Read a string from a character and return it .
Unpack a binary quadratic part .
Returns a string representation of the given bits .
Write data to a Netcdf file .
Parse the base element e .
Parse a grid element .
Handles aliases .
decode a list of keys
Private method that replicates the given list of nodes
Get the dataset filename .
Returns the feature type
Return True if two floats are almost equal .
Checks if the given node is references .
Parse a single unit .
Checks if the variable v is tiled
find the most common coordinate from the time2runtime .
Create a projection rect from a point lon lat lon
show time series data
Create a hash map from a list of attributes .
Returns the values of the string type .
Get a numeric value .
Write cdl .
set the string value
Set the values of the array .
Iterate over the next state .
Generate a proxy catalog for a proxy dataset .
Schedules a write message .
Private method to set the datatype of the user .
Jupyter for Jupyter
Prepare GUI properties .
Create a new tool frame .
Generate a full name for a list of axes .
Return the shorter rank of two coordinate axes .
Find an axis by its type .
Returns the projection ct .
Returns whether the projection is a geo xy coordinates .
Return True if the axis is regular .
Return True if subset contains a subset .
Returns True if any axes in the list are in the wanted axes .
Returns True if the specified axis contains the given axis .
Returns True if the given dimensions are contained in the given list .
Returns a boolean indicating if the axis types contain the given axis types .
Returns True if axis type is in the specified axis .
Clone a dag .
Returns the currently selected JTable instance .
return a list of beans
Returns a list of selected cells .
set the selected bean in the selection model
restore state from store
Create an unknown unit .
Close the socket .
Returns True if variable v is a variable .
Returns True if v is a coordinate .
Private method to extract a coordinate from a table
Recursively add data variables to a table
Add parent join data to the cursor .
Make a station feature from a structure data structure .
Creates a new node map
Instantiate a simple unit factory .
Instantiate a simple unit with the given name .
Returns True if the unit string is compatible with the unit string .
Returns True if ucar is compatible with date reference unit .
Returns true if the given string is a time unit .
Returns a conversion factor from a unit .
Convert to a double unit .
Checks if the current unit is unknown
Return the value of the scaled unit .
create a new relation clause
create a new bool function
create a sub - clause of a function
Make a grayscale image from an array .
Crawl the catalog and return the number of deleted datasets .
Crawl a dataset
crawl direct datasets
Get static file or cache it
Get existing file from disk
Set the debug leaks .
Returns a list of all files in the list .
Close the cache .
seek to pos
Flush the buffer .
Read data from an unsigned integer .
Read a number of bits from a byte array .
Read an unsigned integer .
Read a number of bits from the input array .
Read a number of bits from a file .
Reads a floating point number to a float .
Read a double value from a byte array .
Reads a string and returns a unicode string .
Read a string from the given number of bytes .
Write a list of boolean booleans .
Write a 16 - bit integer to a byte array .
Write n characters to a byte array .
Write an integer to a file .
Write a long integer to a file .
Write a float to a file .
Write a double to a file .
Write a byte string to a file .
Write one byte to a byte array .
Search for next bytes in the current file .
Appends the given list of values to the template buffer
Creates a mfactory .
Find the index file .
Check if the partition is a leaf node .
Create list of directories .
Scan for subdirectories .
Read files from an index reader .
Returns a list of all available gridsets .
Acquire a file - like object and return it .
Removes the specified cache element from the cache
Emit an object .
Release the file cache .
Calculate a 4 - tuple of integers .
Update cache element in cache .
Clear all cache entries .
Make vertical transform
Returns True if the global lon lat lon is global .
Returns true if the vertices are z - axis
Find the x and y coordinates of a given coordinate .
Find x and y coordinates within a specified coordinate .
Find x and y in the projection of the projection .
Find x and y in the projection of the projection .
Get item position .
Return the value of an item .
Iterate over all files in a directory .
Get remote files .
Get the name of the subcenter .
Returns a calendar period field from a string .
Create a calendar period for a given value and field .
Construct a calendar period from the string representation .
Subtract the difference between two dates .
convert from one time period to another
Return the millisecond value in milliseconds .
Calculate the offset between two dates .
Syncs the raf file
initialize the parameters table
Adds a date root extension to the tree set .
Find the longest path in req path .
find data root
Convert data root to a data root .
Get calendar date range .
Reindex a list of coordinates .
Creates a new netcdf file writer .
Add a group to the given parent .
Add typedef to group .
delete an attribute from a group
rename a group attribute
add a record structure to the netcdf file
Abort the application .
Write properties to out .
Extract the metadata from the THREDDS dataset
Divide this unit into another .
Returns the derived unit from the derived unit .
Returns a double from the derived unit .
Convert a nested variable into an array structure .
Convert a top variable v to a data variable .
Convert v data v to array .
Closes all databases and open databases .
Initialize a new database .
Convert integer value to period .
Ensure that the array has less capacity .
Returns the string at the given index
make catalog for directory
Creates a proxy for ds
Get the data type of the dataset .
Factory function for creating a Grib2pds .
Calculates the time from the given start index .
Scale a value to a scale factor .
Read a concept from a file .
Add a concept to the input stream .
Return a cleaned string from a given line .
Store the value of a concept in the given version .
Writes the grib1 - wfwf file to disk
Write lookup table .
Shows local concepts .
Entry point for the ecmwf workflow .
Get dataset source type .
Expand inv dataset .
Perform full expansion of this dataset .
Name all datasets in a dataset container .
Name dataset list .
Name of the inv dataset tree .
load picture from source picture
Stop upload if url is not in source picture
Report status change in source picture
Send source load progress notification .
create scaled picture in thread
Returns a dimension scaled image .
Get the size of the picture .
Returns a list of merged parts .
return a header string
Internal routine to create a list of strings .
Checks if a group is valid .
Set the root directory of the given string .
Make the root directory
returns a file - like object
Delete all files from the cache
Delete all files from the cache to the specified number of bytes .
Checks if a given 32 bit value is a bufr table .
Returns a coordinate axis .
Create a new coordinate axis copy of this dataset .
Determines if the data is numeric .
Gets information about this object .
Get calendar value from attribute .
Set the list of rows in the jtable .
Get the selected row .
Increment the selected row .
Returns the indices of the model s indices .
set selected index
Quick sort .
Swap two strings .
Returns a m os . m os . existing file
Rotate a vector by a given angle .
Create a XML file from a file .
Create a new XML from an input stream .
Create a resource from a resource .
Generate a standard filename .
Save prefs file .
Save this message to a file .
Write an atomic variable .
Write a DAP structure to a dap file .
Writes a structure to the specified datapoint .
Write sequence data to dap file .
Write a record to the serial writer .
Check if a file is valid .
Get the WMo ID .
Read a row number from a data stream .
Get the array data .
Private method to get raw data from a random grib2g file .
Private method to get data from a random raff2 grib2dr .
Make a file in a CF grid
Calculate the size of a netcdf file .
make netcdf file
Sets the ui .
Set the selected station .
Pick station from world coordinates .
Find closest station in world .
Retrieves the selected station .
Get the project name .
Returns a list of all available stations .
Retrieve a specific station by name .
Get a data iterator for a station .
Get a data iterator for a station .
Read data from raf file .
Calculate the dot product of a vector .
Calculate the norm of each element .
Normalize the values of the sum of the values .
Add all the services to the dataset
Get a parameter by its id
Get a local parameter value by its id
Add a new prefix .
Add symbol and value to symbol set .
Returns the first prefix that matches the given string .
Checks if the given file is valid email
get a parameter by its name
Calculates the CRC of the data .
Return True if the file is thin .
returns the index of a variable by name
Convert integer time range indicator indicator to string name .
Get the current time coord .
Set the polygon to the next polygon .
Set the previous polygon .
Find a property by name .
set the current projection
Create a subset of the given time range from the given time range .
Register a class to the netcdf file .
Register an IO class .
Checks if a given IOL class is registered .
De - register iosp class .
Check if a random file can open a location .
Open a netcdf file open in memory .
Open a netcdf file with the given data .
Open a netcdf file in memory .
Open a netcdf file in memory .
Find global attribute .
Write a NetCDF file to a NetCDF file .
Write CDL to out .
Write cdl to print .
Write cdl to f .
Add attribute to a group .
Adds an attribute to a group .
Adds a group to the parent .
Add a dimension to the group .
Remove dimension from g .
Add a variable to the root group .
Add a variable to this group .
Add a string variable to this group .
Remove variable from g .
send an iospheric message
Make a record structure .
Finish the current group .
Reads a variable section from a variable section .
Read from a byte channel .
Returns a list of arrays .
Read a variable section from a string section .
Make the full name of a node .
Make a full path with a full name .
Return True if mfile should be included False otherwise .
Exclude the given mfile .
Return True if mfile matches and filters .
Append a string value to the vector .
Dispatch the type of the given value .
force a byte value
Check if a byte is a valid boolean .
Convert a short string to a boolean .
Check if a string is valid .
Checks whether a string is valid .
Check if a string is a float .
Double check for double precision .
Get the data type of the attribute .
Check if the dataset is viewable .
Checks if a string is a valid boolean .
Checks if a string is a valid alphanumeric string .
Checks if an alphanumeric string is valid .
Determine if a string is a valid file path .
Return a string representation of a given code point .
Get the value of a parameter from a string .
Compare two grid definitions .
Process the input stream .
Find the next occurrence of the given buffer .
Remove all quotes from a string .
Mark the stack as stacked .
Open a netcdf file and write it to disk
Get a configuration value from the THREDDS config .
Generate CDL .
Create a station helper .
Run the validation step .
Calculate the azimuth angle in radians .
Calculate the elevation of the message type .
returns a list of latitudes
returns a list of longitudes
returns the altitude of the satellite as a list
Get the azimuth of all rays in the system .
Returns a list of all rays .
Returns a copy of the structure with only the specified members .
Selects a member of a structure .
Add a member variable .
Set the list of member variables .
Set the group group of all variables .
Calculate the total number of elements .
Reads the specified structure at index .
Read a structure structure from a netCDF file .
get a category
Returns the class name .
Add a new parameter .
get header as a string
Project a rectangle onto a projection
Extract the version number from the given string .
Returns positive or negative unit for a string .
set color scale params
Draw a plan view .
Return True if the given h5 group is a child of another .
Get the type of a message type .
install all columns in all columns in the given table
A custom builder for this wallet .
Creates a new label .
Creates a new label .
Creates a html label
Connect to a socket .
Returns a list of raw ip IP types .
Connect to MySQL server .
Remove all loggers from the given logger .
Compile and compile a class .
Add source code to the Java compiler .
Reads the extension .
Get the next frame .
get a list of person s persons
Initialize listener for list change events .
Get person by its id
Adds a message to the given validator .
Set the person identifier .
Create a view model from the given view .
Load ISO3166 - 1 country code .
Create a Java view step for the given view type .
Create fxml view
Clear the given map .
Create event listeners for the selected item .
Perform a callable on the specified member .
load fxml view into fxml
Query for a single style row .
Get pixel value from png file .
Get pixel values .
Raise error if the reader is invalid .
Create a coverage data png .
Set the tile data for the given bitmap .
Executes a raw SQL query and returns the result .
Wrap a query result into a cursor result .
Query the result of the previous result .
Execute the given query .
Helper to convert a cursor to a user query .
get the feature row
Decorator to register a table .
Retrieve a tile row from the database .
Retrieves a coverage data object for a geo package .
Get coverage data for a geo package .
Get the coverage data for a geo package .
Private method to get coverage results from the request .
This method is called by get_tile_matches .
Get the results of a coverage tile in a given bounding box .
This method retrieves the coverage of a given tile matrix .
Private method to get the tile matrix .
Gets the value of the given tile row .
Sets the icon for the given type .
Get the icon for a given geometry type .
Open an SQLite database if it exists .
Convert a byte array to a bitmap .
Compress the given bitmap to bytes .
Create a new metadata record
Delete a geo package from a geo package .
Get the table metadata for a geo package .
Get the id of a geo package .
Create table metadata .
Creates a new extension
r Get feature row .
Get user custom cursor
Custom cursor query for user specified projection .
Custom cursor query .
Return the number of pixels in the given envelope .
Custom cursor query .
Build a where clause based on the min and max values .
Performs a manual search query using the specified projection .
Count the number of features in the specified projection .
Perform a single feature query .
Query feature query results .
Count the number of rows in the given range .
Write data to bitmap .
Set the data of the bitmap .
Set the bitmap compression configuration .
Calculate the number of tiles in tiles .
Adjust bounding box bounds .
Private method for setting up google bounds .
Adjust the bounds of the geo package to zoom .
Adjust bounding box bounds .
Get the bounding box for a given zoom level .
Returns a tile grid for the given zoom level .
Query for a tile row .
Gets a tile cursor by descending zoom level .
Get the closest tile to the given length .
Get approximate zoom level .
Query the tile grid for the tile
Delete a tile from the table .
Count tiles in a given zoom level .
Returns True if the current tiles are in google tiles .
Get the pixel value of a pixel .
Get the pixel values from a byte array .
Checks that the file type is valid .
create coverage data tiff
Set the value of the pixel at x y .
Get or open a geo package .
Get the current row .
Moves the next invalid invalid state .
Query style mapping row .
Delete records matching a base id .
Create a rectangle bounding box around a rectangle .
Get a rounded float rectangle .
Deletes missing databases .
Create and close a geo package connection .
Check if a database is valid .
Validate a SQLite database .
Validate a SQLite database and close it .
Validate a SQLite database .
validate a database header
Checks if the sqlite database header is valid .
Add a list of databases to the database .
Adds external databases to the collection .
Import a geo package
Get metadata for a geo package
Get geo package metadata
Insert a new record into the database .
Populate the geometry metadata from a geom package .
Deletes a geo package from the database .
Create or update a geometry metadata .
Updates the metadata for the given metadata
Count the number of rows in a given GeoJSON package .
Create geometry metadata
Updates the values in the given values .
Draw a tile on the given tile .
Get a list of simple attributes for the given IDs .
Private method to check the cursor integrity .
return user mapping dao
get simple attributes
Get the mappings for the given base id .
Get the mappings for the given related relation .
returns true if the mapping exists
Get the number of rows in the user .
Register cursor wrapper .
read user custom tables
Get tile tile tile .
Draw a tile on the screen .
Perform reprojecting of a bitmap .
Private method to retrieve tile results .
Calculate the overlap of this rectangle .
Set the density of the rectangle .
set line paint
set the polygon paint
Draw the tile at x y coordinates .
Draw a tile at x y coordinates .
Query the bitmap for a tile .
Query indexed features .
Query indexed features count .
Search for features matching x y coordinates .
Search for features in indexed coordinates .
Get the bitmap for all tiles in the web mercator .
Simplify a list of points .
Get point paint for feature style .
Get the paint for the feature style .
Get the paint for the feature style .
Private method to get the fill color of the feature .
Get the paint style for the feature .
Get a style paint for a feature row .
Get paint for a style row .
Get paint for a given style ID .
Put the given bitmap into the given bitmap .
Quote content values .
Creates the bitmap of all layers .
Recursively recycle all the bitmap layers .
Get the bitmap for a layer .
Get canvas by layer .
Create bitmap and canvas .
private method to get a style mapping dao
Return a style dao object .
Return an icon dao instance .
Get feature styles for a feature table .
Get the styles for the given feature table .
Get the style style for a feature table .
Get the list of icons for the given feature table .
Get the icon for a feature table
Get feature styles for a feature row
Get feature styles for a feature table .
Get the styles for a particular feature row
Returns the list of icons for the given feature row .
Private method to get the styles for a given feature id .
Get the list of icons for a given feature id .
Set the feature styles for the given feature table .
Set the styles for a feature table .
Set the table icons for the given feature table .
Set feature styles for a given feature row .
Set feature styles for a feature table .
Set styles for a feature row
Set styles for a feature table .
Set style for a feature row .
Set default style for a feature row
Set default style for feature table .
Sets the icons for a feature row
Set the list of icons for a feature table .
Set the icon of a feature row .
Set the default icon for a feature row .
Set the default icon for a feature table .
Get or insert a style row .
Get or insert or insert an icon
Insert a style mapping row into the database .
Deletes the style mapping for a feature table
Deletes the table mapping for a feature table
Delete the mappings for the given feature table .
Delete a table mapping from a feature table
Delete a mapping by feature id
get all style ids for a feature table
get all table icon ids
get all style ids for a feature table
get all the unique ids for a feature table
Get the raw byte array of the image .
Flush the stream to disk .
read pixel at x y
Read the pixels from the given reader .
draw a feature row
Draw a path to a feature .
Draw a polygon to the canvas .
Adds a line string to the given path .
Adds a polygon to the given path .
Get the cache for the specified table name .
Removes a feature row
Clear all cache entries .
Get the cached styles for the cached table feature .
Get the cached table icons .
get a table dao
set column width
Set the height of the column
Returns the derived dimensions of this bitmap .
Calculate tile density .
Read a blob value from a user row
read a user custom table
Returns a color .
Validate a color .
Private method to create a color .
Get a new geo package manager .
Set progress .
Returns the index of the most frequent feature .
Finds a feature row in a given list of types .
Deletes all indexes of the specified type .
Deletes all indexes of a given feature row .
Deletes the specified feature index from the given geom id .
delete a feature index
Check if all features are indexed .
Returns a list of feature types indexed by location query .
Query the feature indexer .
Returns the number of features in the database .
Returns the bounding box of the current index .
Get the feature indexer for the given bounding box .
get indexed feature type
Get an internal file .
Get the absolute path to an internal file .
Get the type of the current geometry type .
Set the geometry type .
Returns True if the given URL has a bounding box .
Replace x and y z values with z components .
Return True if url has xyz .
Replace the bounding box with the given projection .
Replace bounding box with bounding box .
Get the geo package geometry data .
Private method to index a feature row
update last indexed time
Deletes the index from the database
Delete an index from the database
Returns whether the current file has been indexed or not .
Get a cursor for the feature metadata
Query the cursor for the given bounding box .
Count the number of objects in the given bounding box .
Returns a cursor for the given geometry envelope .
Count the number of elements in the given geometry envelope .
Query the cursor for the given projection box .
Count the number of features in the given projection .
Private method to get the bounding box bounding box
Get the geometry metadata .
Get a feature row .
Get a feature row .
get list of tile dao for a feature table
get feature dao for a given tile table
Get the bounding box of the feature table .
Query user based on user IDs .
Get a list of unique base ids .
Get the unique ID of the related IDs .
delete user mapping by base id
Delete user mapping by related id .
Delete objects related to the relationship between two IDs .
Build a where clause for the where ids
Create a metadata record
delete a geo package
Renames metadata .
rename the name of the geo package
Get all geo package metadata .
Get metadata for a given database .
Get metadata for a geo package .
Get or create a geo package metadata .
Returns whether or not the database is external .
get metadata for a geo package at a path
get the metadata for the given name
Get the metadata for the given name with the given sort column .
Get the names of the names in the geo package metadata .
Create geo package metadata .
Called when a view is created .
Adds a view to the view group if it is a view group .
Create a view on the given class .
Creates a custom view .
Add an event to the callback chain .
Find a config file from system properties
Get a file from the server
automatically setup jalan config
Adds the status of a resource .
Convert a socket address to a string .
Creates a new executor service for executor .
Start converters .
Substitutes an event into sub - append events .
Add a substitution property .
Gets the value of the specified property .
Compile the compiler with the given mapping .
Parse the token and return a new node .
Returns a regular expression for a fixed date .
Start the begining of an interpretation .
Finishes a life cycle .
Initialize this logger .
Create a dynamical context selector from a dynamical context selector .
Initializes the properties of the given properties .
Returns the path to the mounted external storage directory .
Returns the database directory path .
Private function to get absolute file path .
Evaluate the current level of an event .
returns the value of a particular event
Update mask if necessary .
Get the filter chain decision .
Private method to create key managers .
Create a trust manager .
Private key store factory .
Get a system location from a system property .
Try to get a URL for a resource .
Traverse the chain until a given type is encountered .
Stop the current context .
Utility function to print a message to stdout .
Prints the status of the given context .
Prints a string to stdout .
Private method to get a single entry from the live map .
End of life .
Return a format info value .
Rename a file or directory .
Check if files are on different volumes .
Get a system environment variable .
Get Android system property .
Set the mdc property map .
Returns a string representation of the MDC property .
Extracts a stack trace element from the given stack trace .
Checks if current class is in framework space list .
Add a new status to the list .
Add a listener to the list .
Looks up an implicit action list for the given path and attributes .
get applicable action list
set the class loader
Get the value of a system property .
Decorator for decapitalization .
Returns a list of method descriptors .
Get a list of property descriptors from a class .
Start the logging process .
Add on console status listener .
End the end of an interpretation .
Returns the current value of the event .
Checks if an event is discarded .
Initialize a shutdown hook .
End the current context .
Private method to check supported protocols .
Private method to check cipher suites .
Returns a list of strings that are included in the given strings .
Convert a scope string to a scope object .
Set properties of a given interpretation .
Add a new appender to the list .
Detach an appender .
Remove appender from given name .
Handles the parent level change .
Calls all appends on event .
Detach appender .
Create a new child logger by name .
This function is called when the timer is triggered .
Logs the given logging event .
Create and return a socket .
Creates missing parent directories if any .
Convert public integer to integer .
Converts a value to a level level .
Get a set of resource occurrences count .
Get a URL from a resource .
returns the class loader of an object
Get the class loader for the given class .
Returns the class loader for the given clazz .
Called when the encoder is loaded .
get tag
Load and set the properties of the given interpretation .
Get the position of a separator from a string .
Evaluate the given event
Get client name .
Test if two files are on the same file .
Append an event to an event stream .
Send the buffer to the buffer .
Add a MDC value pair to the list of mdc values .
Create a dynamic converter .
Create a composite converter .
Determine compression mode .
Configure the given url
Configures the given file - like object
Perform the configure of the given input stream .
Build an interpreter .
Perform the configuration of the final job .
Perform the configuration of the configuration of the application .
Get the value of a property .
Set the name of the receiver .
Returns True if the context has a status listener .
Returns the last reset time of last reset message .
Initialize parser .
Gets the effective converter map .
Return a header string
Returns the footer of the file .
Start processing of the event .
End the application .
Returns a copy of the client s clients .
Adds a client to the queue .
Unregisters a client .
Returns a copy of the current context map .
Get the value of a method from a given class .
Get a turbo filter .
Returns true if the Android OS is running .
Initialize the context .
Return a list of files in a directory that match the stem regex .
Perform a retrospective check on status .
Get a file from the database
Clear expired logs .
Checks if the last expired time is expired .
Add an insert statement to the SQL server .
Adds event to event .
Private method to bind an event to a SQL statement .
Returns a truncated string truncated to 254 bytes .
Compute the reference mask for the event .
Private method to create a hash map for the event .
insert exception into sql statement
Returns the length of the prefix matching the given path .
Get the effective level .
Checks if the given class is instantiable .
Creates a new child hash map from a parent value .
Implements include in the given url .
Try to open a given URL .
Trims the head and tail of the event list
Determine if the server should start running .
Check if the current request is transient .
Set the default hosts for all hosts .
Ensure that the local index exists .
Synchronously synchronize the build executor .
Synchronize the mirror if it has changed since last sync date .
Wait for a task to complete
Helper function to list all indexes in the local database .
Convert a string to a char array .
Convert an input stream to a byte array .
A helper function for reading data from a connection .
Returns a list of hosts that are up or failed .
Set the type of the Places query .
Start the search loop .
Put a value into the cache .
Get a value from the cache .
Wait for all threads to complete .
Writes a test id to a log file .
Copy all files in src to target directory .
Initialize the simulator properties
returns the value of the field in clazz
Get a method by its name .
Format a percentage .
Format a double number .
Format a long number .
Writes a JSON string to the transport .
Writes the given integer to the json representation .
Write a double value to a json file .
Read json numeric chars .
Reads an integer from json .
Read a double value .
Read json string .
Execute a method call .
Invoke a request .
Enqueues a method call .
Get a resource from the filesystem .
Update the decorator s decoration
Refresh the repository view
returns the resource history view
Open an editor for the given contents .
Report an authentication failure .
returns the result of authentication prompt for the server
create the default page
Start animation thread .
set is keepall alive
Set whether is omit .
set the owner of the element
add a condition factor
create a condition term
Returns True if the condition matches the given condition .
return an input stream reader
find and load config
Read DSL configuration from a stream .
Create the menu for the given parent .
Build a response body .
Add a href to the root .
Insert a new href before the new href
Remove a href from the element .
add property stat stat
Get a href from root element .
Get element status .
get stack frame
Returns True if class1 is a subtype of class1 otherwise False .
Returns True if the given list contains a new proposal .
Reset all buffered bytes .
Create actions for the rule
Adds a connection to the list of source connections
Get the object property value .
Remove a connection from this component
Set the location of the location .
Set property value .
Set the size of the container .
Returns a string representation of the constraints .
Add a child lock entry .
Add a new vertex to the given vertex .
Removes the given vertex from the given vertex .
Initialize the cache .
Destroys the framework .
Get a resource string by its key .
Get the resource bundle
Get the form builder for the form builder .
Set date time in ISO 8601 format .
Set the given date in the given string .
Creates a status message
Logs an error and logs it .
Adds a field editor to the list .
Updates the layout of the fields
Apply font editor .
Calculate the number of columns .
Initialize the fields editor .
Fires a property change event
Set the active editor for this part .
Add the information to the toolbar .
Determine dialect to use .
Creates a new context
Save the file .
Create table listeners .
Put a value at url .
Puts an object into a URL .
Add a token to the current node .
Adds a child to this node
Set the file contents .
Add a condition condition .
add a condition condition
Returns True if condition matches condition .
Get property from root element .
Get the status of the element .
set property
Get the last line of back text
Get the last non dash line
Bind a binding to an identifier .
Bind an ID to an instance .
Bind an ID to a string .
Create process .
Create sample Jupyter notebooks
Returns the runtime id .
Visit a rete .
Visit a node .
Return the dot id of an object .
add a string remove
adds a string to the set
Creates a new locator
Get a presentation reconciler
Return True if obj is the same as the status code .
Returns True if condition contains a condition term .
Create a condition factor from a stream tokenizer .
Adds all of the pages to the plugin
HTTP delete operation
HTTP POST method .
get the status of a running job
Execute the pull operation .
Handles the pull results .
Set the value of a JSON array .
add an active lock
Removes proposals from a list
Returns the prefix of the document at offset .
Calculate a row list for a root vertex .
Private method to get edit part of an element
Get image descriptor from plugin registry
Declare an image with the given path .
Adds a vertex to the table at the specified depth .
Returns the row index of the given vertex .
Returns the number of rows in the table .
Dump all vertices and their vertices .
Optimize all rows .
Initialize the viewer .
Draw a new graph to the viewer .
Get a line breakpoint by its source line number
Set the href of a link .
Check if device can talk to the device .
Recursively copy a directory .
This method is called when a multi status is received .
Extract property stats .
Get the content of a response .
Returns the list of active locks .
Get property status
Get a HEAD request .
public lock
move one or more names to another
Perform checkin on device
Refresh lock .
Removes specified properties from the collection .
Remove property from the collection .
Set the content type of a file .
Set properties of a collection .
Set property of property .
Unlock the lock token .
update a version
Send version control .
Deletes a device
Check status code and raise exceptions .
Checks if a property has a child of another property .
Write the output body to the given stream .
Convert bytes to hex string .
Convert an array of integers to a hex string .
set is all property
set is prop name
private method to set property
Removes the last word from the given string .
Update the package tree .
Write the content of the stream to an output stream .
Perform a single step over time .
Mark parser errors as markers .
Skip whitespace .
add a resource to guvnor
Commit file changes
Get the age value .
Get the content length .
Get maximum forward forwards .
Returns whether overwrite is set .
Returns the passthrough flag .
Get the timeout .
Put the given value into the property key .
Set the timeout .
Open a buffered file for reading .
Parse a buffered file .
Extract metadata from text .
Strips metadata from a string .
Add a list of tokens to the root node .
get the condition children
get children of obj
Add a child node to a list .
Print the tree of the current node .
Prints a node to stdout .
Print number of tabs .
Returns a JSON value parsed from a string .
get image descriptor by id
Use this method to open the application .
Add a field to the request header .
create project sample launcher
private method to create a rule
Create rule flow flow
Creates a sample flow sample launcher
Returns the list of selected elements .
Write image to output stream .
Returns the field name .
Returns the evaluator that can be used to evaluate the expression
Returns the value of the node
Adds properties from a resource file to the given properties
Ensure that baseline is valid .
Bind member to source
get member by name
Optimize the list of vertices .
Private method to initialize the container .
checks if the page is valid
Generate entity tag .
get opposite of vertex
Validate a list of OTP tokens .
returns True if the username is right
Get the username for a public id
add a yubikey to a user
Attempt to authenticate using OTP .
Clear the password .
Returns public id of given OTP
Return True if the given OTP token is valid .
Create an evaluation of a simple node .
Create an evaluation node
Clear all cached objects .
Determine if the name is a valid Java class .
Returns the package name of an object .
Get the package name of a class .
Get a unique descriptor for an object .
Returns the class corresponding to the arg .
Returns True if two classes are more than one other .
Get the value of the specified property .
Get a property descriptor for the given target class .
Get a property descriptor from a target class .
Get a read method .
Read a character from the buffer .
Execute the projection .
Select all expressions .
Return a long integer value .
Return a double value .
Convert Python object to BigInteger .
Return a big decimal value .
Return the value as a string .
Returns the numeric type of the object .
Convert value to a given type .
Return an integer value .
Returns the numeric type between two strings .
Get the numeric type between v1 and v2 .
Create a new integer .
Pop the evaluation .
Generate getter method for ognl
Generate the value of an OGNL property .
Flattens the tree of the jjt tree
Initialize this node .
Execute the character at the end of the image .
Assign a root to the context .
Get a value from an OpenGNl object .
Set the value of an expression .
Set the value of an object
Returns True if the expression is constant False otherwise .
Get default watch service id .
Reload the current application .
Retrieves the archiver with the given name .
Checks if the archiver has problems .
Read a file as a string .
Creates a project and creates it
Add system property to java .
Add system property to java .
Changes the contents of a directory .
Refreshes the button state .
Create a file observer .
get selected folder
Creates a new folder .
Checks if a file is a valid file .
Start a background job .
Initialize a list of paragraphs .
End the list .
Handle motion movement .
Returns the crop rectangle
Compute the rectangle layout .
Register a listener callback .
Add spans to the text .
Creates a new spinner view
Get dropdown view
Set the formatting of the given text format .
Check if the text is within a paragraph .
Create a unique file in the target folder .
Determines the original file of a URI .
Return the namespace of a schema .
Get the local name of a given string .
Sets an attribute of an attribute .
Set an attribute of the atts .
Get a font name from a file .
Get a font name from a file .
Checks if the current buffer is needed .
Write bytes to given bytes .
Write a byte to the current buffer .
Write the current buffer to the stream .
Write all buffers to the given output stream .
Convert all buffers to a byte array .
Set the font size .
Convert windows separator to unix separator .
Recompute the focus of a given motion event .
Ensure that the highlight view is visible .
Center the image on the given highlight view .
Reset the document locator .
Validates a given string against a regular expression .
Declare an element type .
set an attribute of an element
set parent of child
Gets the type of an element .
Returns the entity with the given name .
Clean up all paragraphs in the editor .
Apply the current selection to the selection .
Checks if given string is valid domain .
Called when an operation is executed .
Redo redo operations .
Replace all occurrences of a string in a source .
Get or create a thread status .
Set the decoding options for a thread .
Checks if the given thread is ready to decode .
Decode a file descriptor from a given file descriptor .
Returns a list of all fonts in the given context .
Get a list of asset fonts by name .
Get system fonts by path .
This method is used to initialize the schema object
Private method to get a reader for the given stream .
get input stream
This method is called when a new element is added to the new element .
Expand entities in a string .
Look up an entity in a buffer .
Restart an element from the stack .
Pop the topmost item from the stack .
Restore the last element of the stack .
Returns the prefix of a given string .
Private method .
Removes all quotes from a string .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Rectify an element .
Save instance state .
Called when the event is destroyed .
Subscribe to the current editor .
This method is called when a link is created .
Reset the given bitmap to the correct base matrix .
Maximum zoom level .
Returns True if the given text is in the selection .
Find all spans that match the given paragraph processor .
Tries to pick a directory in a directory
Rotate the bitmap to the given degree .
Set the output writer .
Write character to output .
Writes a string to the output .
Returns boolean attribute .
Write a string to the beginning of a string .
Writes a namespace to the namespace .
Write the name of a qualified name .
create stream if not exists
Wait until the stream activation is activated .
complete snapshot with missing instance snapshots
Wait for the provisioning request to execute the given request .
Perform the get records request .
Execute action with retry limit and retry .
Try to amazon action .
Check to see if a bucket is accessible .
Load all the entities stored in the entity store .
Trigger a wildcard expander .
Replace old pattern with new pattern .
Deletes any characters from a string to the given string .
Add a resource lint report to this report .
Update properties with the given key .
Get configuration properties .
Create an input stream with auto detected file name .
Returns a map of resource post processors to post processors .
Compile the given string content into a compile script .
Reloads the specified value from the cache .
Reloads the model with a new value
Wrap a servlet request .
Create a transformer that transforms the base name and extension into a transformer .
log error handler
Send redirect to external resource .
Processes a resource group .
Creates a function that will be called when the expander is applied to the given group .
returns an input stream
Private method to create the wro configuration .
Private method to register change listeners
Sets the response headers .
Sets the wro configuration .
identify group names
Merge a wro model into a wro model
Provide access to the specified URI .
Apply the post processors to the resource .
Decorates a processor that will be executed after the given resource .
Process the request .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Load properties from an input stream .
Parse the properties of a string .
create a custom wro manager
Persist the fingerprints of the specified group names .
Checks if the given group is a target group .
Private method to extend plugin classpath .
Retrieves the input resource from the servlet .
Initialize wro manager factory .
Specify the model transformers .
Compile the given string with the given name .
Process and merge a list of resources .
Merge a list of resources into a string .
Run the given resource in parallel .
Apply pre processors to a resource .
Wrap the preprocessor decorator with the given criteria .
Persist the given string to the filesystem .
Returns a list of all declared fields .
Rewrite the given image with the given CSS uri .
Compute new image location .
Add a model transformer to the model factory .
Serve the bundle .
Initialize the aggregated folder path if it exists .
Private method to extract variables from a string body .
Parse CSS string .
Replace all variables in the css string in the css file .
Translates a resource preprocessor to a preprocessor .
Checks if the given resource is eligible for the given search type .
Do gzip response .
A decorator to include a path pattern processor .
A decorator for a path pattern processor .
Create a new resource change handler
Cache the resource if it exists .
apply css import to resource
Returns a list of all non - empty items in the collection .
Returns true if the request is minimized .
Find imported resources .
Compute absolute url for relative resource uri .
Create a string representation of the given list of items .
Parse the given alias csv .
Create a context manager for the scriptable object .
Evaluate the given source using the given reader .
Evaluate a script .
Processes the final output .
Checks if the given request is a handler request .
Creates a handler request path from a cache key .
Rename a group
Compute destination folder .
Private method for processing a group
Check if a resource has been changed .
Attempt to locate an input stream with a given URI .
Create a generic object pool .
Locate a stream from a directory .
Open a jar file .
Extract a wildcard path from a URI .
Returns True if the request is minimized .
Add a uri locator .
Decorates a wro model factory .
Add a requirement to the list .
Execute the build script .
Logs the total number of errors and resources .
Called when a resource is processed .
Get the lock for the given key .
Create a process using the given source file .
Parse the contents of a string .
Returns a list of task info .
Returns the final compilation command .
Parse header string and add it to map
Add no cache headers to the map .
Extracts a path info from a request .
Get the path from a servlet request .
Returns True if the request matches the given path .
Load a regexp with the given key .
Safely shut down reader .
Create a temporary file with the given extension .
Cleans the given image url and cleans it .
Sets the specified attribute on the object .
Generate a data uri .
Generate data uri .
Assign a context to a context .
Unset the correlation ID .
Check if the cache has changed
Called when an exception occurs .
Checks if the resource has changed .
Update the hash for the group .
Returns True if any of the given resource has the specified type .
Create a process in a separate process .
Parse the group definition .
Creates a group object from an element .
Parse a resource element .
get resources for a group
Stop a timer .
Get a named timer .
Get an elk timer .
Print statistics to logger .
Waits for all workers to process .
Update processed counters .
Update the finished counters .
Checks if the counter is smaller than the given value .
Checks if the given rule is valid .
Instantiates the given property into the taxonomy .
Ensure that the loading stage is completed .
Restore the saturation state of the container .
Checks if the state is inconsistent .
Restore taxonomy and rule stats .
Restore instance taxonomy stats .
Returns a proof of evidences for the given conclusion .
Initialize the worker execution .
Recursively invalidate all the reasoners .
Add to the list of taxonomy to add to the taxonomy .
Returns a list of taxonomy objects to remove .
Creates an unsupported operation exception .
Removes an element from a position at pos .
Remove a single item from a list .
returns the moved position in d
Returns a boolean array containing the first element of e in d
Adds an element to the d list at the given position .
Checks if the index numbers are less than zero or negative .
Adds the given timer to the simulation .
Add a timer to the timer application .
Puts a key and value into a list .
Remove an entry from a list .
Increase the size of the keys and values .
Shrink the list of keys and values .
Saves a configuration file to disk
Print declarations to a writer .
Collect all sub - nodes of an entity .
Clear all buckets .
Combine list of hashes .
Copies data from input to output stream .
Create a new incompleteness monitor .
Process a taxonomy .
Submit input to the buffer .
Append elk object to the appender .
Mark the state of the query as not computed .
Add a direct type node .
Checks if the given chain matches the given start position .
Creates a new set of elements from a set of elements .
Add an unsigned integer to the data .
Remove an element from the list .
Adds the given class conclusion to this instance .
Log memory usage .
Set configuration options from configuration file .
Utility method to shut down the system gracefully .
Print header .
Log formatted strings .
Get a string of characters from a character .
Adds the given rule counter to the given counter .
Writes a resource to the writer .
Get action input parameter .
Get descriptor for given property path .
Returns a hash of the required parameters .
Returns true if the given class is a single value .
Add a rel .
Set media type .
Add a hyperflang parameter .
Add revision to link params .
Add a link param to the link params .
Creates a Requirement with the given arguments .
Get a list of rels .
Returns a list of revs .
Return True if all required variables are satisfied .
Convert value to string .
Checks if the given property is hidden .
Returns true if the value contains a given property .
Checks whether or not an explicit property has an explicit value .
Returns True if the request is required .
Returns the default value .
Returns the name of the parameter .
Returns the exposed value of the exposed parameter .
Get the vocab for the given object .
get the query string
Appends the form name to the action .
Prints an input button .
Appends input or list of possible values to the input parameter .
Combines the current holdance builder with an offer descriptor .
Returns a list of all partial uri components .
Returns a partial uri template with optional arguments .
get the first node by name
Get the first node by rel
Return an iterator over the Heroku nodes .
Instantiate a persistent hash map from an iterable .
Create a persistent tree map from an iterable of entries .
Create a new persistent tree map .
Returns an iterator over the entries in the set .
Returns the last key in the list .
Loop over an iterable .
Return a new xform that matches predicate .
Apply a reducer to b .
Creates a tuple from a mapping .
Compute the result of applying a function to each item .
Register a list of classes .
Return the value at the given node i .
Add a value to the persistent vector .
Concatenate an iterable into a persistent vector .
Return a mutable set containing the elements of t .
Create a mutable list of elements from the given iterable .
Return a new hash set containing the given items .
Return a vector representing the given items .
Return an iterable of iterables .
Create a new string with indent space .
Convert a list of strings to a string .
Create a new reference to the producer .
This method is called when the lock is executed .
Inserts the given item into the array at the given index .
Creates a copy of the given array with the given length .
Suspend a thread if it is not already running .
Execute before async operation is performed .
Build the components of the service .
Raises an exception if a directory does not exist .
create the inheritance link to the concrete class
Copy all declared methods from source to destination class .
recursively copy methods from ct method to destination class
remove sbb entity with current class loader
Returns boolean indicating whether notifications are enabled .
Returns a set of reference names referenced by the given service component .
Installs the specified service component .
Uninstall a service component
returns true if the given string exists in the system link
get the usage parameter sets
Reset all usage parameters .
Display result .
Turns a string array into an array .
Execute a fire event .
Bind a name to the given object
Unbinds the object with the given name
Look up a child object by its name .
Get the name bindings for the current object .
Called when the next event is executed
Check if this trace level is higher than the given level .
Extracts the given jar into the specified directory .
A pipe that writes the given buffer to os . streams .
Stores the object named by key .
Attach a SBB entity
Detach a SBB entity .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the attached SBB is empty .
Returns a set of attached SBB entities .
Attach a timer .
Detach a timer from its timer .
Returns true if any of the timers are attached
Get the names of timers attached to this node .
Declare a name bound to the given name .
Removes the specified name from the list .
Returns whether the names bound to the current node are empty .
Get the names bound to this node .
Set the attribute of the node in the tree .
get attribute value
Returns a copy of the attributes referenced by this node .
Initialize notification info .
Send a notification notification to the system
Download a file from a remote UUID
Update deployed components .
Installs deployable unit to deployable unit
Uninstall a deployable unit
Private method for undeploying a unit
Shows the current status of the project .
Logs the given log record to the given logger .
Get a logger from a log record .
Collect all the sbb entity IDs .
Get private permissions .
Returns the code sources of the current policy holder .
Returns True if the specified profile exists .
Removes the profile from the database
Updates the configuration properties of this component
Starts a thread that is currently running on the server .
Called when the container is shutting down
Activate the resource adaptor .
Deactivate the state of the resource
Schedule all activities .
Remove the configuration from the container
Get the resource adaptor interface for a component
Mark service as inactive
Determine activity handle reference
Called when a activity ended .
Raises an exception if the configuration is invalid .
Checks that the given configuration properties is valid .
Called when the resource is shutting down .
Set inactive state .
Unconfigures the resource adapter
Unset the resource adaptor state .
Unset the fault tolerant resource .
Private method to build a map of profile attributes to a class attribute .
Resume paused execution .
Get the name of the activity context handles .
get the value of the parameter set
Decorates the abstract class with the JNDI server .
fires an event
Fire fire event .
get profile cmp value
Returns a hash map of abstract methods from the given class .
Get the list of interfaces from an interface class .
Create a profile pool .
remove pool from profile table
Returns True if the alarm is owner of the alarm
Raises an alarm if the alarm is not alive
get a usage parameter set
Returns the event type descriptor .
Check if a deployable unit is accepted
Initialize the deployable unit wrapper .
Start a deployable unit
stop the deployable unit
return the status of the deployable deployment
Execute after commit .
Execute after commit priority actions .
Execute after rollback actions .
Execute before commit actions .
Execute before commit actions .
Returns a list of all defined tracer names .
Create a tracer for the given tracer name .
Remove the replicated data from the server .
Process the deployment with the given usage parameters .
get object pool by service id
Create the object pool .
Execute the given activity and resume it .
Start the given activity handle .
End the given activity handle .
Raises an exception if the event is not a fireable event .
Fire event by event
Batch class .
Setter for boolean property .
Convert a primitive object to a primitive object .
Set the ID of the profile .
Extracts the message from a string .
Returns True if object is contained in the given object
Returns True if all elements in collection are contained in collection .
Remove all elements from the collection .
Checks if this level is higher than other .
Resolve a stream object .
remove all classes from the class
Add profile data to the profile
get profile object by name
Pass a profile object on the given pool .
Sets the text as a string .
Generate a concrete activity context interface .
Generate concrete methods for the interface .
set the data attribute of the cache
Create a name binding .
remove all names bound to the cache
Remove the specified name binding .
Attach a timer
Remove all timers from the timers container .
attach the given service id
Detaches the given Sbb entity from the given Sbb entity .
Returns a sorted set of SBB attachment IDs .
Called when the activity is finished .
Add a deployable component .
Gets external dependencies .
Checks if dependencies are satisfied .
Returns True if there is no duplicates .
get install actions
Gets the uninstall actions .
Private method to check if a du has a referring du
close the object
Get object name
This method is called when the write mode is writeable .
Before setting the cmp field for the profile field
Method called after set cmp field has been set
Method to run before the non - set cmp field is set .
Method called after get_cmp field has been set .
Invoke the jndi management method before the application is started
Method called after the transaction has been executed .
Delete the given path .
Create ct constructor .
Create the default usage parameter .
create sbb entity and setter
Create fire event methods for the given event entries .
Add sbb activity interface to the specified activity context .
Raise exception if expr is not None .
Wrap the given object with the given key .
Rebind a name .
Decorates the SBB abstract class .
Invoke a method on the proxy .
Get the real field name for the given name .
Set the value of the activity field
Get the value of the specified field .
Initialize the pool .
unset the current profile context
get profile local object
Add or update a new profile event if it has changed .
returns the profile cmpredentials
create a class by name
Create the inheritance link for the given concrete class .
Add member values to an annotation .
Retrieves the activity context interface for the given object
get the class pool
Set the deployable unit for this component
Clear all undeployed modules .
Execute the given activity on the given handle .
Checks if a class or interface has a number of interfaces .
Get all abstract methods of the given class .
Checks if tracer name is valid .
get profile by query
Creates a temporary file in a temporary unit .
Private method to get the entity data
Starts the server .
Switches the class loader to use the class loader .
Make a safe proxy call .
Checks the transaction for the current transaction .
Returns the ttl in seconds since last accessed .
Returns true if the profile class is visible .
Get profile object in current transaction .
get a list of names matching regex
reset logger levels
Clear all loggers associated with a given name .
add a logger to the server
remove a handler from the server
Converts a tracer name to a log4j joker name
Sync level with log4j .
Assign the given log4jjax level to a log4j .
Reset the flags of the cache .
Send a log notification .
Checks if tracer name is valid .
Write object to file .
This method is used to read objects from an object stream .
Add a domain to the given domain
Get a list of all the dependencies .
Try to find the class with the given name .
Find a local resource locally .
Find local resources in the local system .
create and register profile
Resume a pending transaction .
Get the set of SBB IDs for the given component .
Returns a set of resource adaptor links for the given component .
Initialize the state of the event loop .
Shut down the sleep state .
Validates a state transition .
Generate a method name for the named method .
Set the value of the field to the given value .
Creates a jdbc instance .
Add a value to the query .
Run a transaction .
Create a region request from a string .
Returns the region of the region .
Returns the string representation of the object .
Sets the view hints for this constraint .
Add View hints to this resource .
Sets the rendered renderings .
Add renderingings to this resource .
Merge multiple list of profiles into one .
Create a rotation request from a string .
Create a size request from a string .
Initialize the adb connection .
Get the XML as a string .
wrapper for pop box
push a gps2 device to the device
Clean the temp directory .
download dump dump dump to pc
Get the crash log file .
Detabify text editor .
Return a new string with indent spaces .
Tokenize HTML .
Markdown text as markdown
Private method to escape special characters in HTML .
Add an exception to the queue .
Closes the current session .
Find the fully qualified name of a type element .
Writes the specified Java type to a Java file .
Writes the bitvector divider to the output file .
Append bit strings to a bit vector .
Read data from an input stream .
Get a list of items from a path .
Initialize the extent reports .
Add a screen capture from a path .
Set system info .
Creates a selector for the specified property .
Creates a selector for the specified property .
Extract annotation data .
Finds all property annotations for the given class .
Returns a list of annotation annotations for the given property .
Get property descriptor by name .
Instantiate a single instance from a map .
Creates a new instance from a mapping .
Convert an object to a map .
Convert the given object to a map .
Get the values of an annotation .
Create a composite validator .
Initialize a list of validators and initialize them
Looks up the field validator in the context with the given validation meta data .
Private method to apply validation meta data to a validator
Removes a property from a dictionary .
Set the current time .
Returns the number of entries in the cache .
Compute the hash of an object .
Try to open a database .
Write multiple entries to database .
Remove all keys from the database .
Search database for entries in the database .
Load all records from the database .
Close the database .
Apply reduce to a double array .
Apply the reduce function to the values of a double array .
Compute the variance of a series .
Compute the mean of a sequence of values .
Invoke a method from an object .
Compute the sum of the elements of an array .
Converts UNIX timestamp to UTC
Returns True if obj matches criteria .
Creates a new criterion for the object with the given values .
Construct a criteria from a list .
Instantiate a criteria from a JSON string .
Add an array of integers to the array .
Returns the maximum value of an array .
Returns the first element of a list .
Returns the last element of a list .
Returns the last count of elements in a list .
Returns a list with the most less than count .
Returns the minimum element of a list .
Returns the minimum value of an array .
Process a list of maps .
Handle a collection of maps .
Creates a new object from a dictionary .
Removes a value from the map .
Creates a tool tip from the given bundle with the given name .
Add hex encoded characters to the current buffer .
Process write queue .
Start the process of the write queue .
Find a substring at a given index .
Return a subsequence of characters starting from start to start .
Return True if characters in str is in chars .
Add character c to string .
Concatenate multiple objects into a string .
Return a compact version of a string .
Split a string into a list of chars .
Split a string by space .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Split an array of characters into a single string array .
Convert string to camel case .
returns true if start is inside of str
Convert a string to a lower case .
Return a string representation of count .
Create a new sort .
Sorts the list according to the given criteria .
Returns a comparator for this node .
Creates a list of child comparators .
Return True if value is contained in a given map .
Checks if expected is equal to expected and returns a boolean .
Test if two strings are equal .
Calculates the sum of the given values .
Round up a number up to a power of 2 .
Sort a list .
Sorts a list by the given sort by the given string .
Set the value of the field from the given map .
Converts an object to a list .
create sql to load all version data by table
deep copy of list
Returns true if the object has the given name .
returns true if class has a string with the given name
Returns true if the given class has the given name .
Returns the first non - primitive or None if it exists .
Get the sortable field from a value .
Compare two cache entries .
Compare two cache entries .
Sorts a list .
Sorts a list of objects in a list .
Returns a collection of entries in the given map .
Sort the values of a set of key - value pairs .
Returns a collection of key - value pairs .
Sorts an array by the given sort by the given string .
Returns a universal comparator for the given field .
Returns a comparator for the universal comparator .
Get the cached value for the given key .
Get the value of a key .
Remove all entries from the list .
Internal method to initialize the container if necessary .
Get the amount of memory allocated to this channel .
Determine if we should exit .
Manage input writer channel .
Checks if the queue is empty .
Start the main executor .
Start the receiver .
Get an object from the map .
The main query plan for the given expressions .
Perform the filter on the group .
Set the time of the file .
Sync file to disk
Close the output stream .
Write the given buffer to the given output buffer .
Write the given byte buffer to the output stream .
Initialize the output stream .
Put all values into the store .
Convert a key to a byte array .
Read meta data from a validator .
Private method to extract meta data from a string
Read meta data from a validator .
Private method to extract meta data from validator meta data .
Helper method to extract meta data from annotation data .
Convert annotation data to validator meta data .
Split a string into a list of chars .
Split a string by whitespace .
Split a string by delimiters .
Remove characters from a string .
Split a string into a list of empty strings .
Parse a double from a buffer .
Parse an integer from a buffer to a specified number of bytes .
Parse a long integer .
get a property by path
Get fields from an object .
Returns the type of the specified property .
Injects a value into an object .
Set the value of a property on a class .
Recursively get the value of a collection .
Get a property from an object .
Get the value of the specified property as an integer .
Initializes this class
Create a message for the specified key .
Create a message with the given arguments .
Converts a list of keys to a list of strings .
Returns the current subject as a string .
Parses a JSON string into a Python object .
Sends a request to the server .
Delete a database .
create a database
Returns a list of UUIDs .
Trigger a replication result .
Query the value of a JSON object
Sets the query s descending .
Synchronize all documents in the desk .
Retrieve a design document from the database .
Get all design documents from desk .
Get design document from desk .
save the replicator document
Find replicator document .
Find all replicator documents
Remove a replicator from the database .
Get a single instance of a specific type by id .
Get a list of documents from a JSON document .
Returns True if the document contains the given id otherwise False .
Bulk bulk operation .
PUT an object
HTTP PUT method .
HTTP POST request .
HTTP DELETE request .
Check if a HTTP response is valid
set the entity in the http request body
Add an attachment .
Gets the changes result from the server .
Read next row from the server .
Convert the given amount to another number .
Shutdown all active locks .
Applies the given data to the servlet output .
Adds tags to a metric .
Verify and create temp tables .
Get the project id for a given namespace .
Checks if the request is a query
Send authentication request .
get verb verb
Generate a subject access review review review .
Release pooled connection back to the pool .
Called when the connection has failed
Initialize the session
Find scheduled jobs .
Create a list of buckets from a bucket .
End the given exchange with the given status code and reason .
Find all data from bucket .
Return a list of buckets from start to end .
send a message
send a message to one way
Send a message to a specific topic
Perform scan on a cursor .
Add a file to the zip file .
Replace the given file with the given text .
Build a zip file .
Generate metrics .
Retrieves the content of a resource .
Retrieve order item content .
Upload a copy of a link container to the server .
Generate metrics for a file generator .
Create a new file in a given directory .
End a child object .
Register an adaptor for a given class .
Register a renderer for the given class .
Prepare the template for the given object .
Add a new domain object to the assembler .
Set a property on the given object .
Add a child object to the collection .
Creates a supplier that reads a file from a directory .
Copies the input string to the output stream .
Parse a file as a document .
Create a document from a reader source .
Return an iterator over all of the elements in a given parent .
Return an iterator over all of the nodes in a given parent .
Get the first child element in parent .
Return an iterator over all named elements in a parent .
Raise IOError if the given XML schema is invalid .
Entry point for the program .
Creates a raw content as a string .
Create a builder from a resource .
Process a ZIP entry .
Encode a string ascii characters .
Set the signature for the query .
Removes white space from data .
Sign the request .
Sets the recorder for the given object key .
complete multipart upload
Invoke the specified notification from the request .
Add the entry state to the notification state .
Returns True if the queue has expired .
Get a notification .
Get a list of Addressees
Get a specific AddRessee
Get events by notification id
Get a specific event .
Get single notification from HTTP request
Get a JPA entry by its ID .
Get authentication token .
Returns the number of notification categories .
Adds the given list of new categories to the list of new categories .
Fetch and return a notification response .
Create a notification response object
Map a notification response to a notification .
Creates a new notification entry for the given row .
Attach actions to the notification entry
Normalizes a link
Returns a new notification category .
Private method to get the notification source from the request
Invoke the notification specified by the request entry .
read notification response from file
Returns the student id from the request .
Extract user id from a student id .
Invoke the action if the target entry is not registered .
Returns a map of all notification attributes .
Normalizes a vector .
Returns True if the given box is contained within the given box .
Calculate the closest point to the given point .
Multiply the sign of a point .
set the r and t to the r
Set a rotation matrix to an euler .
Convenience function to convert a rectangle to another one .
Convert quadrilateral f64 to quadrilateral f64 .
Compute the bounding box of a quadrilateral .
Bound a polygon to a rectangle .
Return the center of a quadrilateral .
Apply vertex average to each vertex .
Construct a convex hull from a list of points .
Removes adjacent parallel triangles from a polygon .
Calculate the average of the points between the target and the target line .
Calculate the area of two points .
Returns whether the given quadrilateral contains a triangle .
Test if a triangle contains a triangle .
Return the intersection of two vertices
Calculate the intersection of two points .
Intersect two line segments
Calculate the intersection of two points .
Return the intersection of two vectors .
Test if ellipse contains ellipse .
Calculate the intersection area of two points .
Returns the value at the given index .
Convert f64 to quaternion .
Rotate x radians .
Rotate x and y by angle radians .
Rotate the y - axis .
Rotate the rotation around angle radians .
rotate z by angle radians
Construct a 3x3 rotation matrix from a rotation system .
Rotate a rotation around an axis .
Set angle in radians .
Create a twist coordinate .
Set the transform between the se3 and the current frame .
Interpolate the image to a new frame .
Compute the SVD of a set of points .
Solve a point on a plane .
Get the length of the side of a side .
Return True if this is inside this d .
Convert a conic general f64 to another .
Convert a conic general f64 to another .
Convert conicola general f64 to parabola .
Convert a paric general f64 to a conic general f64 .
Divide a 2d vector .
Multiply a matrix into a matrix .
Convert tuple to tuple .
Set parameters on x and y z .
Calculate the distance between two angles .
Intersect two points
Test if a plane is contained in a plane .
returns true if line intersect
Interpolate between two segments .
Extract quaternion from a complex matrix .
Process input d array .
set motion to no motion
Convert a 2D array to a homogeneous d .
Convert a Seq object to a NumPy array .
Create a se3 f64 from xyz coordinates .
Test if two segues are identical .
Convert a vector to a unit vector .
Test if a circle is in a circle
Calculate a circle radius .
Find the closest point to l1 and l1 .
Calculate the closest point to a line .
Find the closest point to a plane .
Find the closest point to a line
Find the closest point to a point .
Transform a Seq object to a new value
Transform a Seq object to a set of points .
Returns True if quadrilateral is equal to the given quadrilateral .
Calculate the acute angle between two vectors .
Convert from src to another .
Convert a d to another .
Convert from src to another .
Convert a b to another .
Convert a 2D to another .
Convert two coordinates to another .
Convert from src to another .
Convert from src to another .
Convert from src to another .
Convert a d to another .
convert d input to d
Convert a Se3 plane to a World object .
Multiply a point to a 3D point .
Convert a plane to a plane .
Returns True if t is identical False otherwise .
Returns a copy of this instance .
Calculate the Euclidean norm .
Compute the distance between two points on a line .
Returns True if all elements in the system are uncountable .
Returns True if the parabola is equivalent to parabola .
Center the given vector in place .
Return the acute angle between two lines .
Checks whether the given quaternion is infinite .
Generate random n Gaussian distribution .
Convenience function to convert a value to an E .
Return a new d .
Return True if two points are identical .
Set the rectangle of the rectangle .
Convert an ellipse quadratic f64 to a new one .
Compute a point on an ellipse .
Compute angle in radians .
Compute the tangent of an ellipse .
Determine if the tangent of the given ellipse is the same .
Get corner .
Distance between two points .
Distance between two points .
Compute the distance between two points .
Distance between two points .
Distance between a cylinder and point
Squared distance between two segments .
Squared distance between two segments .
Compute the distance between two points .
Calculate the square root of a quadrilateral quadrilateral .
Squared distance between two points .
Calculate the distance squared between two vertices .
Calculate the distance between the line and the origin .
Return the distance between an ellipse and p p p .
Calculate the distance2 of an ellipse .
Add a transformation to the path .
Calculate the closest point to p .
Find the closest point in ellipse .
Runs the computation of a polynomial .
Create a random d .
Return a direction perpendicular to a .
Return True if two arrays are identical .
Normalizes a vector .
Create a 2D matrix r .
Convert a d r to a d .
Distance between two points .
Set the ellipse .
Normalize the vector .
Return the sum of the triangle of a triangle .
Return the quadrilateral of a quadrilateral .
Simple single polygon .
Compute the mean of a list of lists .
Order a list of points in a list of points .
Compute normal vector .
Checks if a polygon is convex .
Multiply a double by the given scalar .
Calculate the maximum absolute absolute value .
Distance between two points .
Squared distance between two points .
Generate random values for a plane .
Generate a list of random values .
Generate random n Gaussian distribution .
Compute the mean of a list of points .
Compute the mean of a list of points .
Invalidate all credentials in the cache .
Invalidate all cache entries .
Combine multiple collections into a single set .
get server features from server directory
get config dropins features
Private method to get parsed XML features
Parse include node and copy it to a file server
Returns a set of all the feature names contained in the feature manager .
download artifact from product id
returns a set of open liberty features in a set of files
Test to see if the list of open liberty features to install .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the reference contains the given reference .
get the next product version
Try to extract a symbolic name from a jar .
Retrieve a list of install map jars from a directory .
Checks if two files are the same .
Extract the version number from a file .
Compare two version strings .
Execute the command with the given action and action .
Checks if a given jar is a valid bootstrap jar .
returns an arquillian property
Returns True if the current environment is working in the current environment .
Move back to the center of the given length .
Checks if two objects are equal .
Load a string into an integer .
Private method to create a throw pizza party .
Verify that the image is valid .
Returns a new puzzle with the given target and index .
Get the distance between all cells in the goal .
Formats the given format with the given arguments .
Formats the given locale and arguments .
Make a random number of fish pieces .
Write a variable to the console .
Uniform uniform .
Return a uniform between two values .
Number of the Poisson function .
Compute the discrete discrete values of a discrete distribution .
Capitalize first char .
Un - capitalize first char .
Fixes the path if it is empty .
convert a join to a string
Return token as a string .
Perform basic authentication checks .
Extract an auth token from a cookie list .
Register all classes bound to an injector .
Recursively get all role permissions for a given role entry .
Adds a projection .
Convert a job detail info into a job detail
Convert a trigger into a trigger object
Set the count of repeat intervals to the given value
Set start and end time for a given datetime .
send a mail item
Write the output to the given output stream .
Initialize the scheduler .
Returns a list of all fields in the given class .
Returns a dictionary mapping field names to field names .
Configure the encryption pool size for the given configuration .
Generates a hash for the given attributes .
Generate token string .
Send a mail item .
Generate a new password for a user .
Get user by account name .
Hashes a password .
Verify that the account name is strength .
Commit the transaction .
Rollback an error .
Start the transaction .
Checks to see if the given basic auth token is authorized .
Parse date from o to date .
Returns a JSON response .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
Creates a restriction .
A restriction .
Creates a namespace manager for the given namespace and href .
Create a resource representation with the given content .
Create a new resource representation with the given rel .
Create a new resource representation with a new value .
Creates a new resource representation with the given namespace and href .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the given byte is valid .
Encode a string starting at a given offset .
Checks if two files are equal .
Move src to dst .
Creates a new file if it doesn t exist .
Get the base name of a file .
Add padding to the buffer .
Get the short name of a class .
Returns a set of all supertypes of the given class .
Verifies a given password against a given hash .
Read a string from the system .
Add a byte to the buffer .
Add the given bytes to the buffer at the given offset .
Returns a copy of the original sequence .
Return the fraction of the given fraction .
Return the fraction of the fraction .
Return the fraction of the fraction .
Return the fraction divided by f .
Returns the maximum of the given values .
Return the minimum of the given values .
Raise an exception if the condition is not true .
Get the content of the meteo data .
Get meteo data .
Get the meteo data from the specified location .
Get a list of hourly point extras forecasted on the current hours .
Find the nearest forecast to the given date time .
return meteo data
Create a forecast forecast for the meteo extras .
Create a long forecast forecast for meteo extras .
Parse a location string and return a Location object .
Get meteo data
Create a valid wind symbol name for a point forecast .
Find the beaufort level of a point forecast .
create a uri from a uri
Returns true if the current time is in the given time .
Get forecasted point forecast .
Returns the best fit period forecast .
Get meteo content .
Get meteo data .
update database
Invoke a string method on a JS engine .
Acquire a reference to the specified object .
Returns a reference to a referenced object .
Returns a reference to the referenced object .
Get the configuration from the service .
Get the value of the substitutor config .
Creates an iterator over the instantiation of the class .
The default decoder for the given configuration key .
Returns a list of all services of the given type .
Gets the module of the specified type .
Acquire the input stream .
Calculate the size of the given data source .
Returns a reference to referenced data .
Get the component index .
get the prefix from upper index
Whether or not the compiler is colored .
Evaluate regex against regex .
main loop for findloop
Submits a subset of the given subexpression to the match list .
Private method to check if a binary subexpression is satisfied .
Clone out a new arc .
Recursively traverse a subre .
Mark a subre .
Create a NFA from a subre
Parse a substring of a subre .
Perform a deltraverse traversal of a network .
A non - word complement .
Clone wordchrs .
Increment the scannum of the next character .
Handle brackets .
Scan for plain text .
This method is called when a new lacons is reached .
Print one character .
Evaluate a Unicode set .
Get the value of a color .
Return a pseudo color .
Apply a subrange to the given range .
Determine all the colors in NFA .
Add a colorchain .
Remove a colorchain from a .
Dump all color descriptions .
Lex the lexer .
Lex the current position of the pattern .
Get the color of the given codepoint .
Initialize the state .
Get the last seen state set .
Returns a unicode set with the given character c .
Return the Unicode set for the given Cclass name .
Sorts the arcs sorting by first and last .
Creates a new state .
Move all outs from old to new state .
Move the ins to a new state .
Copies the contents of the ins to a new state .
Copies out all outchains from old state to new state .
Drop a state from a state .
Move a state to another .
Create a new arc .
Duplicate the deptraverse and stmpir .
Initialize the colors of both sides .
Dump current state of NFA state .
Dump a state .
Dump the arc to a string .
Recursively dump a arc to a string .
Optimize the completion of a regular expression .
Return a boolean indicating whether this instruction can be seen .
Try to combine two arc arcs .
Clean up the state of the machine .
Mark a state as unreachable .
Implements the mark can reach the specified state .
Dump all accumulators in the state .
Unempty an arc .
private method to read the rule parameters from a file
get rule interpreter plugins
get report plugins
Get rule selection .
Run the command line .
Get error message .
Gather the standard options from the options .
Gather the options from all tasks .
Gather the task names from a task factory .
Interpret command line arguments .
Parse command line arguments and exit .
Execute a task .
Read properties from command line .
Prints the usage of the given options .
returns the home directory
create and return a jq file path
Returns the set of ids contained within the given range .
Get all the ids intersect with a given range .
Returns the uri for a given method .
Add a path pattern to the router .
Returns the number of routes in this group .
Add a route to the router .
Add a route to the router .
Add a route to the router .
Returns True if any of the request path matches the request path .
Checks if the given property is equal to the given value .
Returns the file name of the store .
Compare two folders .
Compare two entries .
Compare two bookmarks .
Set the last modified time of servlet class .
Returns a list of the names of the servlet dependencies .
Find a class by its class name .
Parse the Authorization header .
Get the function mapper .
Map a function to a class method .
Get a function mapper for a function .
Resolves a function with the given prefix .
Set the values of the packet .
Resolve the value of the variable with the given name .
parse the given file in the given file name
parse a file into a Node class
Parse a tag file and create nodes .
Creates a new JSP compiler .
Get a resource as a stream .
Calculate the last modification timestamp .
Return a list of class loaders .
Checks if a class loader is a valid class loader .
Mark the given name as being loaded .
Read the header of a stream .
Return a pagination result set with pagination .
Obtain a meta key from a string .
Adds dependencies to the payload
Get the tag file info for a given short name .
Try to parse implicit TLD for the given path .
Get the checksum of a file .
Get the size of a file .
Validate channel name .
seek to a block number
Locates block by position .
Returns a list of maven artifact objects .
Update opts and reps of the opts .
Calculate prices for one byte .
calculate long price prices
Calculate normal match prices .
Raise utf8 exception .
Raise an exception if the given character is invalid .
Scan for TLDs .
Scan for tld info .
Adds a jsp uri to the list of jsp uri
returns the parent class loader
Set the bytecode for the given name .
Get the bytecode birthtime of a bytecode .
save the bytecode of a class to a file
Check if the jsp servlet is a tag file .
Initialize the class path .
Start the main thread .
Stop the thread .
Run the event loop .
Find a channel instance by its name .
Find and return a channel instance .
Update the deploy group cache .
Copies the contents of the input into the specified output stream .
Creates a node with the given parser .
Parse attributes from a jsparser .
Adds files to the given node .
Parse JSP attribute and return boolean value .
Add an attribute to the dictionary .
Adds a child node to the list of children
Return an iterator over the attributes .
Returns an iterator over the children .
Find all children of a given name .
Return a maven coordinates to a base .
Find alias by its name .
Initialize the thread .
Unset thread data .
Find and return the print stream .
Write an optional value to the writer .
Write a string to the writer .
Add an element to the parent .
Creates a new element before the parent element .
Write the next character to the stream .
Sets the writer .
Reallocates a buffer of bytes .
Generate map element .
Get the parent of the given key .
Register a model with the given storage provider .
Streams the contents of the meta data for the given key .
Get a model and view its state .
Checks if user is authenticated .
Finish the writer .
Creates a gson gson .
Encode for lzm .
Returns the union of the given meta data .
Get a throwable exception from the request .
Returns the checksum of a coordinate .
Finish the current uncompressed file .
Returns the exception of the current JSP application .
Evaluate the given expression against the given content .
Create a prefix from osgi properties .
Check if a file is an XML .
parse tag file directives
Load a jsp tag file
Removes the generated proto type files .
Set the URI of the URI .
Scans the given base directory and scans all files in the base directory
Find the URI root of a file .
Move the current position to the correct position .
Return True if the string matches the given string .
Test if string matches string s .
Skip characters until the specified limit is reached .
Skip characters until the end of the string is ignored .
Skip until a string is encountered .
Returns the next token as a string .
Pop a file off the filesystem .
Makes an unclassified coordinates .
Return a list of ids filtered by predicate .
Returns a list of all the required ids .
set schema resource prefix
set dtd resource prefix
Recursively convert the given tree node into a new one .
Merge the errors from the binding result into the binding result .
Initialize the given binder .
Scan and return a list of channel aspect information .
Unqualify a path .
Invoke the specified tag handler .
Get a byte array from the byte array .
Get an integer array from the given size .
Creates a new Aether result as a result .
Get a resource as a stream .
Returns a list of validation messages .
Push a stream to a file .
Get the encoding of the given jar file .
Report a fatal error .
Get the real path of a resource
open a resource
Return a stream of input as a stream .
Get the set of resource paths in the given directory .
Writes a message to the log writer .
Add a filter .
Calculate buffer size .
returns the memory usage of the dictionary
Set the preset dict to the file .
Moves the current window .
Fill a window with the given data .
Checks for pending bytes .
Get the length of the next match .
Get the length of the matched match .
Verify that all matches have the same length .
Move the current position to the given number of bytes .
Release all memory
Flush the buffer .
Clear the buffer .
Flush the buffer .
Close the HTTP response .
Write string to buffer .
Raise a javac error report .
Return a list of strings representing the meta data .
Generate the class name for the servlet .
Compile the compiler .
Initialize java compiler .
Checks if a path is in a JSF jar .
Quote a character from a character .
Generate a list of servlet declarations .
Compile the tag handler pool .
Print XML prolog to out .
Generate postamble .
Generate postamble .
Generate a jasper page .
Generate HTML tag handler .
Read properties from a stream .
Export a channel into a zip file .
Validate the XML content of the given page .
Get the handler for a handler .
Parse a string representing an expression .
Select property group
Test if the given uri is a jsp page
Print comment .
Print string s to writer .
Prints a string s to the writer .
Print a multi - line string .
Get expr from expression
Check that the given scope is valid .
Escape a single XML string .
validate expressions
Get the class name of a tag handler .
Makes a Java class name from a path .
Split a path into a list of parts .
Makes a Java identifier from a string .
Mangle a character from a character .
returns true if the string is a valid Java keyword
Adds a property to a dictionary .
Apply the modifier to a string .
Return a sorted set of metadata for the given metadata and key .
Update user data .
Return the basename of a string .
Put a value in the cache
Load all the metadata from the database .
Build a collection of metrics
Resolves a long number to a long value .
Writes the object to the given output stream .
Retrieves the ttl for the tenant .
Create prepared statements .
Tracks delayed metrics for a tenant .
Track delayed aggregated metrics .
Read a double or long value from the stream .
Writes a double value to the given output stream .
Returns a copy of all properties of this class .
Create a container in the specified location .
Schedule all available slots for all managed shards .
Clear the running slots from the running slots .
Add a listener to an event .
Add a callback to this stream .
Removes a listener from this event .
Emit an event to all registered listeners .
Get a list of listeners for the specified event .
get remote name
Appends a rollup event to the output stream .
Parse a timestamp from a file name .
Start the server .
Gets a rollup computer from a source type .
Initialize the IO instance .
Put the value of a rollup into the config builder .
Compute the maximum length of a list of headers .
Formats a list of header values .
Returns a list of formatted strings .
Adds metrics to the given metric registry .
A thread pool builder .
Add a metric name to the metric index .
Get the complete set of metric names from a mapping .
Get a list of tokens from a locator .
Store the results in a future .
Calculate a granularity from a given number of points .
Set the current time .
Returns a set of unique hosts .
Returns the maximum number of connections per host .
Get a list of metric column families .
Insert metrics into the collection .
Insert metrics into the Cassandra writer .
Initialize locators .
Private method to get the current level of the given query .
Initialize the uploader thread .
Stop the uploader thread .
Returns True if locator is currently in batch layer .
Checks if a locator is currently running .
Checks if a locator is currently active in the token discovery .
Checks if a locator is marked for a delayed locator .
Sets a delayed locator for a slot .
Iterate over the granularity of the given granularity g .
Returns an iterator over the range of the given granularity .
Insert metrics into the cassandra
Insert metrics into the specified column family .
Checks if the metric is delayed .
Returns a bound statement for the given metric if it is delayed .
Get the metadata values for the given locator .
Checks if content type is valid .
Check if the Accept header is valid .
Inserts a list of objects into Elasticsearch
Checks if the current state is valid .
Perform a check on the next error .
Get a new extractor .
Determine whether or not the system is running .
Start the RabbitMQ process .
Stop the RabbitMQ process .
Returns a default configuration for signaling .
Adds the given list of ice servers to this connection .
Add an ice server to the connection list .
Send a message to user
Send a message to all peers
Returns a list of the seitereresese
Get user defined simple fields .
Get user defined any field .
Sets the type of the api that will be used to generate the api that will be used to
Returns a list of multimediahang types .
Get the current status of a VBM
Get the current status i . e . the current status code
Get the current status of a type .
Return the import modus .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the adressdruck is valid .
Returns the waehrung type .
Returns a valid bodenag .
Sets the region s region .
Sets the area of the report .
Sets the email address .
Sets the description .
Set rent collection period .
Set the furnished ad type .
Sets the phone1 value .
Sets the phone2 date .
Sets the contact name .
Sets the phone info .
Sets the main email .
Sets the CC email .
Sets the external id .
Sets the agent id .
Set energy part .
Set the jahrangag .
Set the gebaeudeartext value .
Set the buero typename .
Return True if value is numeric .
Set the gebiete .
Set the gruppe value .
Set the agent s agent .
Get the property list .
Set the stand .
Get user defined extend .
Set the zeitinhext value .
Returns a list of Zimmer objects .
Get the list of Haus .
Get buero praxen list .
returns a list of the coefficients
Returns a list of land undefined countries .
Get the sonstig .
Returns a list of Zinshaus rendite objects .
Returns a list of terrain types .
Set the value of the Ufang .
Set the wannung type .
Returns the ISO2 code for the given country .
Get the country is in ISO3 code .
Get the country code for the given country .
Get ISO code from ISO2 code .
Get the name of a country .
Tries to translate a country name from a country .
Gets a list of Anbieter objects .
Set the business element category .
Get the pdf .
Set the aktion art .
Set the realestateitems .
Set pacht value .
Upgrade the summemo document to the corresponding element .
Get a list of content .
Returns a list of all field names .
Set the blick value .
Set pauschalmiete et al .
Set the monatsmiete .
Returns the parkplacement .
Set the lastenaufzug value .
Set the Zustand art .
Returns a list of feldung . feld . feld . feld . feld
Dumps the record to the writer .
Get the value at position pos .
Get a list of strings .
Set the value at position pos .
Set ctype value .
Set the hautypy value .
Returns a list of energiepass .
Set the keller .
Setter for grundst type .
Set Geschl attribute .
Set Hallen typ .
Returns a boolean indicating whether the Wiedozerholtzstersterholtzsterholtzster
Returns True if teilung is valid False otherwise .
Upgrade version of open immo object
Get a list of bevortugtugtug .
Returns a list of symbols representing the current workflows .
Set the art .
Set the modus .
get email s sonstig
Returns a list of tels .
Set the handel typ attribute .
This function sets the value of the APIfeld1 .
Sets the api2 value
Setter for APIfeld3 .
get the row
Set distanz value .
Get a list of all the heterozygous symbols .
Gets the kategorical object .
Return an objectekt that can be used as a string .
Get the haus category
Returns a type that can be used for instantiating the Ausstag .
Returns a list of vermarktung objects .
Get the interessent .
Set the wert value .
Sets ackerland value .
Sets the baryarthostratungs
Setter for bootstaende .
Set the buero value .
Sets a vacation .
Set the doppelman value .
Sets the value of the einfamilias .
Sets the gross einzel field .
Sets the Jinzel field .
Set the value of a GAF file .
Set the garten value .
Sets the value of the expression
Sets the jewerbe .
Set the hotel value .
Specifies that the job will be inspected .
Sets the keineunging value .
Sets the kleingewerbe .
Set the lager value .
Set the mehrfamilias .
Sets the obstpflanz tag .
Set the parkhaus value .
Set the value of the produktion
Set the reihenhaus value .
Sets the stellaset .
Set the value of a variable .
Sets the Waldb value .
Specify an Anbieter .
Returns a list of wannungungs .
Gets a list of all grundstacks .
get einzelhandel
Returns a list of Hallen production lager prod .
Get a list of parken objects .
Returns a list of frezeugly objects
Returns a list of objektart objects .
Returns a list of stellas .
Set the max dauer value .
Get a list of feature names .
Set the Zimmer type .
Upgrade an open immo file if necessary .
Set the keine angabe value .
Sets the error message .
Sets the solarheizung setting .
Sets the serialization date .
Set the gas value .
Sets the Oel .
Sets the journald message .
Set the strom value
Sets the kohle value
Generate random string .
Generate random letters .
Generate random string .
returns the wannungkungkategorical
Set the benutzer value .
Set the objekte .
Get the feed .
Set the moebliert .
get the list of services
Set sub administrative area .
Set the city value .
Set the locality value .
Attempt to downgrade OpenImmo XML document to XML .
Upgrade an open immo file .
Set the land typ .
Get the field s metadata .
Upgrade the OpenImmo XML document to the previous version .
Get the ad type .
Set the type of the expression .
Set the plottart value .
Return datenkabel object .
returns klimanage object
Get image .
Set price type value .
Sets the new development availability .
Sets the directions .
Sets the CO2 rating .
Sets the energy rating .
Sets the viewing details .
Set property status .
Set the list of pictures .
Set the bebaubar attribute .
Upgrade all open immo document version .
Set the parken typ .
Setter for save attributes .
Set the freizeit typ
Set the telefonart value .
Set emailart .
Sets the global sales .
Set the export rental value .
create user defined field name and value
Get fehler liste .
Setter for Erpacht .
Returns a list of stpages .
Get a list of values .
Set minimum dauer value .
Set the Zins typ .
Get a list of photo uri .
Set feed metadata .
Set the feed s projects .
Set feed properties .
Upgrade version of kyero document
Returns a list of unrecognie elements .
Get a list of objects .
get the fehlerliste liste
Get the status of the job .
Set the sonstige type .
Set distanzz value .
Returns a list of distribution information .
Returns a list of distanzenames .
Checks if the given exception is compatible with the declared exceptions .
Bind bindings to bindings .
Bind prefix to namespace uri .
remove a prefix from the namespace uri
Returns true if the given string has an opening tag .
Consume a line from a string .
Consume a line from a string .
Find the position of a token in a comment .
Initialize logging for the given location .
Bind a prefix to the namespace .
Adds an iterator to the list .
Adds an option to the options dictionary .
Add a string option to the end of a string .
Add an integer option to an integer option .
Add a long option .
Add a double option .
Add a boolean option .
Parse the command line arguments .
Create an object and return it .
Decrement the concurrency limit .
Sets the target object .
Prepares the class to be used by the constructor .
Finds a method matching the given method and arguments .
Convert integer i to unsigned string .
Serialize object to bytes .
Deserialize a Python object into a Python object .
get child element by name
Get the value of child element by tag name .
Get a list of child elements .
Checks if the given node matches the desired name .
Checks if the given node matches the desired name .
Set the length of the string s to the specified length .
Monitor the object handle to release listener .
Coroutine to register a reference listener .
Keep track of tracked entries .
calculate mobile number
bind a prefix to the namespace
End the given prefix mapping .
Add a callback to the event loop .
parse the jar tree
Get text color .
Set the values of the values .
Get the color for the given item .
Set the size of the text size .
Private method to check if x is in bounds .
get intro string
Returns a list of keyword names .
Get the keyword arguments for the given keyword .
Get the documentation for a keyword .
Main entry point for the CLI .
Stop the server gracefully .
Start the server .
Convert properties from a JSON file to JSON .
Convert properties from a file to JSON .
Convert to JSON
Convert properties to JSON
Convert a string or list of strings to a JSON string .
convert a JSON string into a string map
Convert a list of properties into a MapDict .
Convert the given properties to a JSON string .
Calculate the radius of a shadow .
Creates ocsp fetcher .
Find an intermediate certificate .
Execute mojo execution .
Preprocess markdown files .
Substitute variables in a template string .
Get the title from a list of strings .
Add title to html file
Replace variables with given initial content .
replace relative paths in html
Copies all files from from from from to directory to another directory
Checks if a string is present in the host
Wrap the slider content .
 fade up .
 fade down .
Calculates the percentage percentage .
Overwrite view with overlapping views .
Builds a launch intent .
Launch the activity in the current context .
Get a list of fact sheets .
Download file from response .
Build http client .
Create access control entity .
Update a data model .
Create a full export
A client with token provider .
Specify client credentials .
process a graphl query
Get a list of bookmarks .
Adds the given set of permissions to the given node .
Set the permissions of a node .
Marks the logic dataset with the given rulesets .
Close the client .
Synchronize the input stream with the specified parameters .
Create mark logic dataset graph .
Limit the number of threads per process .
Resample geometry .
Rotate a gmm command .
Set the gravity .
Remove all profiles from the current Gm .
Font style .
Add an image to the specified file .
Add an image to the command line
Parse the arguments of a target object .
Print out the usage of a target object .
Extract time unit from a string .
Executes the properties of a target object .
Execute the given URL .
Execute a file .
Interpret a pptx file .
Sort a list of rectangle sizes .
Renders the given template text as a string .
Returns a file containing the slides in the given slide number .
Checks if a mouse event is within the bounding box .
Overlap the slide element with overlap ratio .
execute a request to SQS server
Execute an outgoing message
Find a file with the given name .
Get or create a temporary file .
Creates a new log value map for the given key and value pair .
Logs a message at the specified error level .
Logs a message at the specified event level .
Logs a message at the specified error level .
Logs a message at the given event .
Logs an informational message .
Logs an informational message .
Logs an informational message .
Logs a message at the specified level .
Logs a message at the given event .
Log an error .
Log an error .
Add to the log line before the join point
Writes a start steno event .
Writes key - value pairs to json generator .
Serialize a throwableProxy object to json generator .
Returns a log value for the current object .
Get the caller data from a logging event .
Creates a new database in the hive .
Checks the mappings for the given array position .
Returns the string attribute of the cell .
Save data to object in context
Refresh a cell row from a given row .
Parse a save attribute string .
Get the save attr list from a row .
Get the save attr from a column .
Set the save attributes in the hidden column in the hidden row .
Sets the attributes of each row in the given sheet .
Set the save attributes for each cell in a row .
Prepare context and attributes for cell
Format a number as a string .
Add shift attributes to the shift map .
Sets the xssf wssf wrapper
Returns xssf wrapper
Returns the formula evaluator .
Calculate the maximum number of columns in this cell .
Load a web sheet from the input stream .
Load a web sheet from a workbook .
Load a work sheet by its name
Export the export file .
save the current worksheet
Submit the task .
Populates the component from the event system .
Returns the current sheet configuration .
Reads object from file - like object .
Get the locale for the given component .
Get the picture of the current content
Get the cell helper for this cell .
Creates and returns the pic helper .
Get the validation handler .
Returns the chart helper .
convert a list of shared formulas into a single ptg arrays
convert a ptg to a ptg
Convert a ptg array to the corresponding ptg array for watchlist .
Private method to create a single ptg .
Return a list of serial rows with the given mapping .
Creates a list of rows from the given list of rows .
Build dynamic row for reference ptg base
return a xcolor color
Get the xge color for a specific theme .
Find the default fill color for the theme .
Get the x color for the given theme .
Returns xssf color
Get the x value of a given index .
Convert xssf color to clr .
Get a triplet from an xssf color .
Get background color from a poi cell .
Find component name from component class .
Populates the attributes of the given component with the default map .
Search for attributes matching the method name .
set property on object
Get the object s property value .
Setup the control attributes for a given face
Find the attributes of a cell by its origin and index .
Setup the faces of the faces cell
Setup the faces cell for a given sheet .
Set the picture properties of a faces cell .
Initialize the xssf file .
Returns the pie chart title .
Set the style of a series .
Creates a pie3d chart
Setup the bar style for the chart .
Initialize the xssf file
Get chart id from parent
Initialize anchors map .
Generate a chart from a given xssf file .
Transform a collection to a collection object .
Returns the full full full name from a row .
Re - build an upper level formula
Setup an upper level formula
Builds a cell formula for shifted rows .
Gather the rows mapping from full name
Update the index number in shift map .
Increase the final length of the upper level .
Increase the index number in the hidden column .
Set the full name of a hidden column in the row .
Returns row number from hidden origin
Set row num in hidden row num .
Find the parent rows mapping from the shift range .
Find the child rows mapping from a shift map .
Find an item in a collection .
Build a config range from a source config range .
Checks if the specified row is a static row .
Checks if a row is a static row reference .
Replace expression with cell value with cell value .
Returns a hash map of all merged regions in the given sheet .
Returns a list of the skipped region cells .
Add a skip cell to the list .
Build a comment for the given sheet alias .
Build a comment from the given alias .
Build the final configuration map .
Get the sheet configuration for the given sheet .
Build a form command from the given sheet config .
Verify that the last cell has a blank cell .
Builds the final sheet if it has no values .
Checks the last row for the last row .
Build a list of config commands from a sheet comment .
Sets the parent command for the given command .
Checks if the given command has any of the specified commands .
Matches the given command with the given form .
Copy template for tie commands .
Build a list of command lines .
Process a method line on a cell .
Process a single command line
Move the comment to the given cell .
create config command
Build a map from command line .
Get a sheet configuration from a form command .
Sets the footer of a form command .
Sets the body body of the form .
Set the header of the form command .
Deletes a row from the sheet
Remove names from a shift map .
Returns a list of the full name in the given range .
get each command from parts name
Inserts empty collection into the context .
Deletes the object from the context .
Prepare the collection data for the given variable .
Adds the given command range to the given command range .
Checks if a row is allowed to add a row to the configuration
Insert each template into the source config
Evaluates the string value in a cell .
Evaluate a user formula value .
Return True if string is a user formula .
Creates a comment for the given cell .
Evaluate a boolean expression .
Removes all rows from a given sheet .
Removes a single row from a sheet .
Removes a cached cell from the given row index .
Removes all rows in the body from the given row index .
Load a picture from the current page .
Load a chart view from the current page
Assemble a new value according to the input value .
Evaluate the value of a poi cell
Get the value without formatting the cell .
Get the value of the cell with the given type .
Returns a string representation of the given poi cell .
Set the value of a cell .
Set the value of a string cell .
Set boolean value .
Set the value of a cell as a string .
Set the value of a cell .
Copy one or more rows from one sheet to another .
Copy a single row from one sheet to another .
Copy a cell from one row to another .
Copies the value of a cell to a new cell
Copy the style of a cell to another cell .
Clone the comment to a new cell .
Creates a client anchor for a comment
Create or insert a comment in a cell
Attempt to match comment settings .
Returns xssfML representation of a cell
Find the shape of the ct cell in vml .
Copies the cell style from one cell to another .
Convert a single cell into a single cell .
Returns a list of tuples containing the row and column index of the component .
Returns the number of init rows from the config .
Returns the faces row from the given row .
Returns a faces cell from the given row and col .
Get a poi cell from a sheet .
Returns the skey for a poi cell
Get or add a tie cell in a tie cell .
Returns the current context name .
Evaluate the given expression with the given context .
Evaluate the JEX expression
Writes the object to the specified stream .
Remove a row from one row to another .
Merge multiple rows into this one .
Recover all the serial rows for this sheet .
Get chart type .
Creates a basic stroke from a string .
initialize chart data from xssf
Set chart data .
Initializes the xssf file .
Initializes the xssf file
Get the chart id from a CSS anchor .
Get chart id from named node attributes .
Build a list of objects .
Saves the data in the given cell in the context
Recalculate the formula evaluation .
Returns the poi cell with row index and col index
Returns the faces cell with row index and col index
Restore data from the given full name .
Get the last collected collection .
Determine if the data needs to be restored .
start collection object
Shifts the row reference by shiftnum .
Set the first row reference to the first row reference .
Sets the last row plus the given number of rows .
Build cells for a given row .
Build a single cell
Read JSON data from a stream .
Build the parsed cell list
Build a list of chart series in the specified theme .
build chart series in list
Get list of colors from dpt list
Finds a cdpt by index
Set the command index map .
Get a list of pictures from a workbook .
Index all pictures in a wssf file .
Index a picture in a map .
Generate picture style
Generates a chart style for the given properties .
Get compiled regex .
Get chart content .
Recover this cell from the given sheet .
Returns the row style for a cell
Get the cell style for a poi cell
Returns cell font color
Get a cell font decoration .
Get cell style
Get column style
Get the alignment from a poi cell
Get vertical alignment from cell style
Calculates the total height of the given sheet .
Sets the style of a cell .
Returns the input type of the cell .
Returns a set of resource paths for the given path .
Get a resource stream from the external context .
Removes a resource path from a resource .
Evaluate input type .
Find a bean by name .
Join a list of strings together .
Round a value to a decimal number .
Returns the tab type
Returns the current tab style
Returns the default date pattern .
Get the decimal separator by default locale .
Returns the decimal separator by default locale .
Set the tie command alias list
Build the watch list .
Build the watch list for a cell
Add a new row to the watch list .
Returns True if string is a command string .
Parse the comment attributes .
Returns the attribute key in the attribute map .
Parse method validate attributes .
Find a bracket bracket position in the string starting at start pos .
Parses command attributes and returns a map of string values .
Parse input attributes .
Parse a list of attributes .
Splits the attr data into a list of strings .
Parse special attributes .
Process the cell attributes for the given key .
Processes the attributes of a specific select item .
Gather special attributes from special attributes .
Parse a comment to a map .
Find the first non cell position in a string starting at start position .
Remove chars from a string
Returns the excel column name .
Convert a numerical column to an integer .
Get a cell by its reference
Convert row units to pixel number .
Determine whether a string is a date .
Parse a date entry .
Check if a string is numeric .
Determine if the character should continue .
Set the property of an object .
Compare two cells .
Returns True if the given range is inside the given config range .
Clears all the columns in the given sheet .
Deletes all hidden columns from a given row .
Deletes a cell from a row .
Logs a system event .
Refresh cell status
Validate the given row and col in the current page .
Validate the given po sheet by checking the web sheet validation .
Checks the error message for an object from the serial data
Validate all rules for a single cell
Perform validation on attributes .
Validate the given component .
validate all rows in current page
Validate row in current page
Private method to validate a row in the current page
Refresh cached cells in current page .
Refresh cached cells in the current page .
Sets the submit mode in the view .
validate the current tab
Clears the contents of this cell .
Load the header rows for the given configuration .
Load a header row without configuration
Adds a list of headercells to the parent
Get the style of the header cell .
Returns a string style style for the given width and total width .
Calculate the column width for a given cellindex .
initializes the tabs
Loads the serial data if it exists .
Refresh the data for a specific cell
Refreshes the data for a specific cell
Find the index of the tab with the given name .
Load a work sheet .
Prepare the work shee for the current tab
Set the data table on the data table .
Sets up the row info
Load the body rows from the given sheet configuration .
Refresh a cached cell .
Process a refresh cell .
Create the dynamic columns of the current tab .
Add a repeat row to the tab
Refresh the body rows in the given range .
Sets the unsaved status flag .
Returns whether the current state is unsaved .
Find the common constructor of a type .
Writes input to output stream .
Writes a long integer to the writer .
Write string to writer .
Set the stats on the traffic stats
Adds a bitmap to the result .
Add a file descriptor to the result .
remove a parameter by its name
Adds a header to the request .
Clears all data associated with this request .
Starts a streaming service .
Binds the service to the context .
Unbinds the service connection .
Called when the listener is listening .
Store the image to disk .
Convert a stream of bytes to a string .
Convert a stream to a string .
Send data to the given output stream .
Waits until the stream is available .
Closes all streams and buffers .
Reads the current value from the file .
Reset the internal state .
Send the start and end bytes of the part .
Write the disposition header .
Send content type header .
Write the encoding header .
Send the end of the file .
Send the end of the crlf .
Send parts to the output stream .
Calculate the length of parts given a list of parts .
This method is called when a string is redirected .
Sends not modified response .
Add a date header to the response .
Set the date and timezone of the HTTP response .
Sets the content type for the given file .
Perform a flush on a channel .
Send disposition header .
Send data to output stream .
Install the cache at the given version .
Ensure the working directory exists .
Get a cache response .
Create a new input stream for the given entry body .
Reset the bitmap .
Get a websockify ssl - SSL context .
Validate a keystore .
Replace the current scale type with the given type .
Get the pending intent .
Disconnect from the HTTP connection .
Bind the current context to the service .
Unbind the service
Called when the view changes
The channel open method .
Respond on accept data .
Reset all data and release it .
Wait for the loader to complete .
Set the text or hide the given text if it is empty .
Hide soft input from a text view .
Shows soft input
Toggle soft input from text view
Calculate the number of pixels in pixels .
Logs an exception thrown by the client .
delete the cache from cache
populates the image
Cancel image loading .
Creates an image consumer .
Set the result of the consumer .
Sets the loading image if the consumer is not skipped .
Start the image loader task .
Cache the given url with the given bitmap .
Releases the given buffer from the given buffer .
Add request properties to a URL .
Add a simple parameter to the request .
Attempt to connect to the core .
Calculate md5 hash of given string .
returns a string representation of the n cublas data .
Returns a string representing the num cublas status .
Checks cublas status
Checks cublas status
Adds a lexeme id to the given lexeme id .
Adds an ending id to the ending frequency .
Calculates the estimated value for the given attribute values .
Print a long description of this Token .
Verify and set a kamols attribute .
Remove kamols markup from a tag .
get all metrics
Creates a query string with the given parameters .
Processes a json node node
Parse list of app info .
get a connection configuration
Perform a signal fx protocol
Instantiate a generic code reader .
Return a reader for GenericCodeSet set set set .
Returns a reader for genericode code set .
Creates a generic code reader .
Creates a reader for Genericode codes set .
Creates a reader for Genericode codes .
Returns the id of a column element .
Get the value of a row in a row .
Returns a column with the given id .
Find all key i . e . all keys in a column set .
Get the key of a column in a column set .
Returns true if the given column is a key column .
Creates a new column .
Creates a key .
Set the number of lines to skip .
Add a new column .
Creates a generic code writer .
Create a genericode code writer .
Creates a writer for Genericode .
Creates a genericode code writer .
Creates a genericode code writer .
Creates a writer for Genericode .
Validate a generic code list .
Validate code set set .
Validate a genericode code set .
Validate a generic code list .
Validate a generic code list set .
Validate a genericode code set .
Sends app feed back to server
Sets the default context .
Get the current logger level .
Attempt to get the capture flag .
Set the max log store size .
Prepend metadata to a metadata dict .
Add extra metadata to json
create json object
Set the user identity if is initial .
Get byte array from file .
Periodically check location updates .
Size the given region in the given region .
Write the total number of entries in the given region .
Dump replicated or local or local or local or local copy .
Read snapshot from serialized data .
Write a string to the given stream .
Get the time stamp since the given idx .
Convert chart to chart file .
Get the pool for the given server name .
Get a pool for the given jmx .
Checks if the given region exists on the server .
Get a JMX object from a JMX object .
return a list of host names of the object
This function is used to lookup a network host in the bundle
Returns True if result is an error .
Execute the given function and return the result object .
Flattens a collection of nested collections into a single collection .
Query a collection of results .
Create a cache listener bridge .
Create a cache listener .
Handle fault exception .
Get the facts associated with the given region .
Execute the given function context .
Get a list of host names of all JMX objects .
Execute the cache .
Returns the app name of a list of resources .
Construct security properties .
Get a region by name .
Get a region by name .
Construct the comparison of the checksum against the given checksum .
Checks if the value at insert point is at the given time stamp .
Close this stream .
writes csv files to directory
Main entry point for gf stats .
Try to reconnect to the JMX server .
stop all members on a host
shut down member
Utility method to shut down the distributed machine .
shutdown redundancy zone
Store the result of a pagination map .
Returns a map of results matching the given criteria .
Import a GFD region
check remote locators and locators
Execute the given function context .
Builds a hash map from the local state of the object .
Private method to get the value of a specific column in a table object .
Checks if a type mirror is of type mirror .
Serialize a Python object to a byte array .
Deserialize a byte array from a byte array .
Creates a new instance of type clazz .
Private method to check for table id .
Checks for fields in the specified column element .
Checks if an element is a super type .
Write a Java compiler comment .
Emits get id function .
return the current object as observable
Raise a RuntimeError if the given column name does not exist .
Return the value of a string or a blank string .
Capitalize a string .
Checks if a type mirror is of type mirror .
 descending order .
Read temperature in degrees .
Gets the supported type for the given type .
Print error message .
Return a list of icon fonts .
Returns a list of all available icons .
Private method to get background decoration .
Raise a raised double .
Set the values of the matrix to the given values .
Return a big decimal integer .
Return the root of a big decimal point .
Compute the big decimal function of a big decimal number .
Return a big decimal value .
Return a long decimal number .
Return a big decimal .
Calculate a big decimal function .
Return the square root of a big decimal .
Print the ASCII representation of the string .
Returns a timestamp for the given time .
Set the bounds of the grid .
Put a float r .
Prints the current state of the dump .
Return a complex complex .
Return a complex subtracting the imaginary .
Multiply a complex complex by z .
Divide two complex numbers .
Set the values of the given matrix .
Get a row vector from the matrix r .
Get a column vector from the current matrix .
Set the values of the matrices .
Transpose the matrix to a new one .
Add a matrix to the matrix .
Subtract a matrix from a matrix .
Multiply the matrix by the given k .
Multiply the matrix with the given matrix .
Prints the given string to the given stream .
Sets the image in the DOM .
Private method to check if coefficients are valid .
Compute next position .
Clear all data from the current state .
Convert raw sldi to xml
Convert a style descriptor to sldi
Raises an exception if the given style descriptor is invalid .
validate a raw string
Returns the area of the given rectangle .
Set the matrix values from the matrix .
Set the values of the given values .
Return the inverse of the matrix .
Compute the determinant of this matrix .
Return the norm of the matrix .
Convenience method to solve a column vector .
Perform decompose of the matrix .
Perform forward elimination .
Private method to create a column substitution for a column vector .
Private method for back substitution .
Advance the matrix x by x and x .
Convert a square matrix to a square matrix .
Return the next von Neumann value .
Perform iteration procedure .
Compute next position .
Checks if the position is unchanged .
Compute next position .
Check that the interval is valid .
Adds the given amount to the current amount .
Multiply the multiplication of two integers .
Raise a constant with the given base exponent .
Perform iteration procedure .
Creates and returns the sld manager .
Convert a long integer to a bit array .
Decomposes the QR Code .
Prints the string to the given stream .
Raise an exception if the float exponent reserved is not a float .
Raise an error if the float exponent bias is invalid .
Raise an exception if the double exponent is not a biased exponent reserved .
Raise an exception if the double exponent bias is invalid .
Jump to the next central .
Returns the next polar .
Get the next ratio .
Prime sieve sieve .
Return a list of all the factors of an integer n .
Perform iteration procedure .
Compute next position .
Checks if the position is unchanged .
Sets the Java fx application .
set the configuration from a config file
set the default configuration
Initialize the fxml loader with the specified location and parameters .
Add a latitude and longitude to the request .
Get the inet socket address for a service .
Returns an attribute definition that matches the given uuid .
Evaluate the attribute evaluation .
Sanitize a tag string .
Add a geocode request to the request .
Query the names of all known names .
Query for all services with the given name
Get all users to logged in
get meta data
Change password for logged in user
get all users
Get a Gravatar by email address .
Get the Gravatar for a user .
Populates the data from the elasticsearch json form .
Returns the type of the field
create flow step
update flow step
get flow step by id
get flow step by step
get flow listing by flow
Delete a flow step
delete a flow step
Populate the form fields from all fields .
close the connection
Processes a message .
Called when the connection is closed .
Returns a list of echo messages .
Get personal inventory items
Create a table record
delete a form container
get a list of flow historic data
get form historic data
get the most recent form historic data
Lock the form in the container
Unlock the form container .
unlock a form container
private method to add form to a result set
convert role listing parameter to list
Create form definition
update form definition
get form definition by id
get form definition by name
get all users by logged in user
delete form definition
private method to get a storage key from a long form
Initialize memcached client .
Shutdown the memcached client .
Attempt to parse a string into a long integer .
convert document to pdf
Private method to get the values from the cache from the cache .
create flow step rule
create flow step rule
create flow step rule
update flow step rule
update flow step rule
update flow step rule
move flow step up
Move flow step entry down
delete flow step rule
Delete flow step exit
delete flow step view
Private method that encrypt encrypted data .
get user query listing
get all roles
Returns the service ticket as a hex string .
Creates a new field with the given mask value
add a text barcode
Create a decimal field .
Create a decimal field
Create a table field
update field value
update text barcode
update a decimal field
update a decimal field
update a form field
get field by name
get fields listing by form name
get fields listing by form type id
delete a field
delete a field
get meta data for table field
update user field value
get or create index request
create flow
update flow
get flow by id
get flow by name
delete a flow
delete a flow
update global field value
Get all global field values .
Returns the form definition id and title .
Decrypt the initial packet with the seed parameter .
close and clean connection
Initialize a new request .
return verbose message
create admin user
get access token
get user profile info
Execute json with http method
execute form data
Private method to get json response .
Checks if connection is valid .
Private method to get the closeable HTTP client .
Get the path to a fluid system trust store
Closes the connection to the database
get fluid items listing
send fluid item to flow
Called when the user is closed .
called on message
Send a message to a fluid
send message to user
Closes the session
execute native sql
send a license request
apply a license to your account
Create a field .
Create a paragraph text field .
Creates a paragraph text field .
Create a field to select multiple choice values
Create a date time field .
Update a field .
Update a paragraph text .
Update a field s date and time .
Update a decimal field .
update a field value
Create a field value
get configuration by key
Get all configuration information
create attachment
get attachment by id
delete attachment
force delete attachment
Parse a jar file .
Set the class loader for the given jar path
Raises an exception if the parent element is not a valid xsd schema .
Raise exception if the parent element is not a child of the parent .
Private method to check validity of a rule .
Parses the given XML file and returns the parsed node .
Raise an exception if the form element is not a xsd element .
Raise an exception if the element is not an xsd element .
Convert the given value to a type .
Create cli interface .
Creates a new cli using the given options .
Parse command line arguments .
Create an instance of cli using the given arguments .
Build a base URL .
Remove a footer view
returns the value of a given point
1D value 3D .
Calculate the difference between two points .
Interpolate cubic interpolation .
Compute a curve s curve .
Set the bounds of the current lower bound to the current upper bound .
Processes the given cloud trail event .
Process cloud trail event .
Get the account id of the cloud trail .
Apply the given rule entity to the given violation entity .
Get event serializer .
Create a file in the current directory .
Creates a file in the current directory .
Recursively restore the contents of the restore property .
Creates a copy of the delegate .
Add an object to the collection .
Set the property value .
Get a list of strings from a base .
Go to the next state .
Processes the queue from the queue and removes it from the queue .
Get the value of the given type .
Tries to get the type of a parameterized type .
Private method to get a type variable .
Print the stack trace to the given stream .
Print the stack trace to the writer .
Attempt to replace an object in a remote object .
Run the event loop .
Sets the task .
Checks if the task is accepted .
Called when a task is rejected .
Returns True if task started False otherwise .
Log the task completed .
Stop the task .
Private method for executing the job .
Put the job into the queue .
Convert a blocking mode name to a blocking mode .
Resolve all objects in the object .
Copy the readers to the new catalog .
Creates a new catalog .
Load system catalogs .
parse a url and parse it into a stream
Check if there are any pending catalog files .
Private method to synchronize a catalog file .
Log unknown entry .
Resolves the doctype of a doctype .
Resolve the document .
Resolve system id
Resolve local uri to a local uri
Make a absolute path to a system id
Normalizes a URI string to be used by a URI .
Encode a byte as a hex string .
Add the delegate to the delegate .
Creates a soft value ref .
Calls all listeners of a given type .
Add an exception to the list .
Creates an instance of the delegate function .
Calculates the difference between two timers .
Get the current value .
Get object from list .
Set object at index .
Ensure that all objects in the queue are kept .
Add a new entry type .
Get the type of an entry .
Get the integer argument count of an entry .
Get the value of an entry .
Set the context loader for the given thread .
Swap two values .
Private method to remove a node from a timeout
Private method to cleanup the timeout object .
Loads a class by name .
load all protocols
Creates a URL for the given protocol .
Checks to see if the handler package has changed .
Get the current value .
Creates a new implementation of the delegate .
Create a new counter .
Make a long counter counter .
Checks if the current namespace is in an extension namespace .
This method is called when a notification is received .
Get object instance .
Substitute substring in string buffer .
Split a string into a list of strings .
Join the given byte array together .
Writes the default string to the given buffer .
Get the current value .
Creates a new entry map .
Get a timed object .
Get the object from the timed entry .
Remove a timed entry .
Flush the cache .
Returns a list of all valid keys .
Set the resolution for this resolution .
Get the timed entry for the given key .
get children by tag name
get a child by tag name
Get optional child of element .
Get the content of an element .
Get the content of a child element .
Get the content of an optional child element .
Set the maximum number of queues to use .
Set the blocking mode .
Set the blocking mode .
Execute a task .
Resolve a system system ID with a given resolver .
Resolve a public id with a public id
Query a resolver .
Append vector to vec .
Resolve all system vars
Resolve a system id .
Resolve all local system entries with system id
read catalog from url
Read catalog from input stream .
Connect to the specified file .
Get output stream .
Deletes a node from the b
Returns a valid value .
Create a snapshot of the current value .
Create a logger for the current class .
Add a list of objects to the buffer .
Returns the class name of the class .
Returns the string representation of the class .
Get a list of properties .
get a static property group
Returns a compatible constructor for the given type and value type .
Copies the object to the object .
Dereference an object from an object .
Initialize the actions of the system .
Update the jndi cache with the given name .
Return a set of unique keys .
Return a set of unique entries .
Remove a property listener .
Fires the property added to the list .
Fires all property removed from list .
Fires the property changed event .
Fires the property changed event
Make a property name from a base name .
Load properties from a reader .
Load a property from a class name .
Get a group property .
Returns whether the current entity is resolved .
Resolve system id
resolve system id
Initialize a classpath name .
Set text as text .
Return a normalized version of public id .
Encode public urn and public urn to string .
decode public urn to string
replace old str with new str
Start the application .
Stop the current iteration .
Creates a synchronized stopwatch .
Compute the comparison of the given object .
Generate a hashcode for the given bytes .
Generate the hashcode for the given array .
Initialize all of the resources
sets the field value
Returns the next token from the given string .
Initialize the properties of the system .
Adds a vertex to the list
Set the root vertex
Remove vertex v from vertex list
Perform a depth first search on a vertex .
Visits the DFS spanning tree of the graph .
Find vertex by data .
Find all cycles in the graph .
Normalizes the given string to the given string .
Parse an XML string and return a Element object .
Parse an XML stream and return the root element
Parses an XML source and returns an Element object .
create an element by name
Resolve a qualified name from an element .
Copy attributes from element to dest element .
Returns true if node has children of given node
get children of node
get the text content of a node
Get children of node .
Get the parent element of a node .
Adds a resource to the waiting queue .
Read catalog from file .
Get the host s local host address .
Set system property value .
Display class info .
Writes a class to the buffer .
Strip the package name from a class name .
Returns the package name from a classname .
Tries to load a type from the given type .
Returns the primitive wrapper for the given type .
Recursively get all interfaces of the class .
Returns a list of all unique interfaces of the given class .
Returns True if the primitive type is a primitive wrapper .
Instantiate an object from the given property .
Get the getter for a class attribute .
Get the attribute setter .
Convert a static class to a Java class name .
Get a system property .
Returns a list of filenames for the given property name .
Ensure all weak references are maintained .
Return an iterator over the set of weak references .
create a url from the given protocol
Returns the set of entries in this map .
Adds a property listener to the bound property listener .
Removes a property listener .
Returns True if value is not null .
Finds the constructor for the given type name .
Register a new editor in the current thread .
Convert a string to a type .
Get the context loader for the given thread .
Return the application deadlock exception .
schedule a timeout to be executed at time
Perform the actual work .
Create a subcontext with the given name .
Look up an object by name .
Check if object is assignable
Append class information to buffer .
Gets the specified transition .
Read properties from the resource manager .
Get the verbosity of the system .
Query the relative catalogs .
Get the system catalog files
Get all catalog files
Query the preferred preference .
returns True if use is not in use
Attempt to resolve an input source from a system ID .
Resolve a source from a URI .
make a string absolute and return absolute path
Resolve a class to an object .
Invoke a setter .
Get the local name of an element .
Get the namespace uri for the given node .
Get the namespace uri for an element .
Return a list of elements from an enumeration .
Open a file and return an input stream .
Load properties from a properties file .
Instantiate the properties map from the properties map .
Add an edge to this node .
Add an outgoing edge to this vertex .
Add an incoming edge to this vertex .
Returns True if e has an edge .
Remove an edge from this node .
Find an edge in the given destination .
Find an outgoing edge .
Calculate the cost of this vertex .
Check if src is a directory .
Returns True if there is no next element in the iterator .
fires an event to the queue
Internal method to install the JVM type provider .
Dispatch an action on fx .
Get an action stream of the given type .
Streaming many to one relationship .
Return an iterable over - to - one - to - one stream .
Allow allowed robots .
Verifies that the specified instruction is generated .
Get the sum of all words .
Private method to create a hash map for a given map .
Create a JDB resource loader .
Checks if the datasource exists .
Returns a list of all instances of the specified type .
Connect to a jdbc on the server
run in the sql database
convenience method to query in a database with sql
Query the query by example
Perform an upgrade on the database .
Backup this table to backup file
Restore model from database .
Set the empty text view
Writes the table to a CSV file .
Unescape a csv string .
Get a list of strings from a CSV row .
Convert csv pairs into a hash map .
Convert a dictionary of strings to a CSV string .
Join a list of strings .
Join the list of strings together .
Creates a database model from a text file .
Write to the index writer .
Internal method to inspect the id field if not set .
return base dao class
Returns the type of bind type .
import from csv file
Backup all tables to a CSV file .
Restore all tables from a CSV file .
Write an index file .
Create a query from the given manager .
Create a typed query for the given type .
Render the query .
Delete a record by id
Save an object to the database .
update the object
Where items are not in a list
Creates a WHERE subquery builder .
Return the next active stack .
Get the intention stack .
Adds a plan to the set of belief bindings .
Select the plan selected by plan selection .
Randomly select a plan at random nodes .
Sets the plan variables for the given agent to the given plan instance .
Get the belief at a given index .
Get a list of parents .
Get the children of the current node .
Grow a byte array by the given amount .
create a logger
Perform one step .
Set goals from a byte array .
Pause the user for input .
Set the number of connections to the number of agents .
Initialize the intention selector threads .
Start the intention selection threads
Shut down intention selection threads .
Register a jill extension .
Reset all agents .
Load a single agent .
Checks if the given plan is valid .
Creates a list of agents in a given list of agents .
load a class by name
Load a Jill extension .
Compare two objects .
Return a formatted string with the usage of this class .
Parse a list of arguments .
parse an argument with an option
Do the evaluation of the given agent .
Get an object by index .
Find an object by its name
Push an object onto the stack
Get an object by index .
Push an object onto an object .
Removes an object from the list .
Get the type of an object .
Checks if a given belief is equal to a query .
Main function for the test base .
Convert string to bytes .
Post the goal to the worker .
Post a message to an agent .
Send a message to agent .
Get the goals .
Creates a new belief set .
Adds a beliefset to the dataset .
Evaluates the given query and returns the result .
Suspend the agent .
get the belief set by name
Register a number of neighbours to the beliefbase .
Build random name .
Run the main loop .
Check if the stack is valid .
Remove finished agents .
Private method to manage a goal node .
Shut down the thread .
Set the idle flag for an agent .
Perform a move on a pin b .
Initialize the configuration .
Waits until the application is idle .
Finish the thread .
Return True if all pools are idle .
Calculate the poolid of the agent .
Pick an expression that satisfies this expectation .
Sets the expression s expression .
Join the given attribute with the given attribute .
Recursively find a join method .
Find a join with the given property .
Checks if the end time is reached .
Returns a multipart upload stream
Handles the request .
Checks if a parameter has a value .
get a parameter by its name
Parse the given expression into a map .
Configure the transaction manager .
Retrieves the target file for the specified artifact .
Writes the artifact to the generated file .
Handles post processing of the managed class
Get the declared constructor .
Build a string representation of the given config descriptor .
Private method to get a method from an interface .
Checks if the field is a list type .
Checks the container for the given type and inspects the container if it exists .
Stores the persisted data if it has been persisted .
Set default links .
Sets the default link template .
Recursively handles links in the response .
Handle link headers .
Recursively parse the body of a json node .
Parse a link object .
Get or add a key from a map .
Handles HTTP capabilities .
Checks if a given method is allowed .
Initialize instance processors .
Register an instance of a given instance type .
Register a new instance processor .
register class processor
Adds an argument to the final argument list .
Create target files .
Convert this object to an XML string .
This method is called by the init method .
Checks if the given template has a reference to the given directory .
Create parameterized template model .
Create parameterized template model .
Sets the request path .
This method is used to get the observable s observable .
Decorator to convert string to object .
Sets the value of the field in the field
Add capture to the given logger .
Remove an appender .
Clear all appenders associated with the given appender .
Raises an exception if the model is not valid .
Removes all proxies from the list .
Returns a list of files in the given directory .
Recursively iterate over all files in a directory .
Determine whether the model is fully resolved
Returns a set containing all of the resources in the given resource set .
Sets the model directories .
Sets the file extensions .
Set the model resource for this model .
Read a record from the reader .
Set the string array to the specified parameter .
Convert string to object .
Merges the specified artifact into a single file .
Get the absolute path of the model .
Get the path to the template dir .
Write a document to the output stream .
Start the application .
Configure the window if fullscreen is fullscreen mode .
Print a q - print dialog
Write a single byte stream to a file - like object .
Invoke a method on the given object .
Attach a servlet to a servlet .
Detach from the current context .
Get the cookies .
Dump the HTTP request .
Returns a list of invocation meter values .
Initialize the configuration from an event stream .
Add a remote host to the host .
Retrieves a parameter from the server .
Removes the given prefix from the given string .
Get the common directory between two directories .
Convert absolute path to relative path .
Convert relative path to absolute path .
Calculate the depth of a file .
Dump error to log .
Send a JSON object to the HTTP server .
Adds a template to the parameterized template model .
Add a list of templates to the list of templates .
Performs initialization of all parameterized templates .
Returns a list of Parameterized template objects which are contained in the given directory .
Set the visibility of the save button .
Deletes the delete dialog .
Deletes a file from the server
Creates a new managed class instance .
Returns a list of file entries .
Summarize the summary of the public files .
Returns a string with the summary of the given directory .
Build a sub summary from a file .
Create an instance of the managed class .
Get the setup class .
Returns a list of model directories .
Returns a list of model resources .
Sets the candidates for the given collection .
load an XML stream
Shows an error message
Checks if the type of a type is object .
Read JSON data from the HTTP request .
Read JSON data from a stream .
Extracts the parameter from a fit cell .
Gets the hint hints .
Checks if the request is an xhr request .
Return true if the request is a Android user agent .
Called when an element is received .
Returns a list of property descriptors with the given annotation type .
Returns an optional annotation for the given property .
Logs a message to server .
look up whois result
returns a parser for whois host
get the managed class from the container
Get the managed method from the managed class
Check if exception is not contains exception .
Check if not contains a given string .
Serialize the given http response .
Get a cookie value .
Add a cookie .
Removes the cookie with the given name
Returns an iterator over the cookies .
Creates a target file list producer .
add a field to the class
Compile the Java class
Verify the response of a given image
Get the value of a file .
Ensure the path ends with a trailing slash .
get http servlet request
Invoke a method on the managed class .
Execute mutable transaction .
Execute the immutable transaction .
Returns a list of files in the directory .
Get the last file in the directory
Get the concrete config type from the given parser .
Return True if request starts with the given path component .
Returns a list of artifact factories for the given model type .
get http session
Serialize the given http response .
Read metadata from a URI .
Perform the HTTP request .
Close the statement .
Pre - destroy event streams .
Handles all allowed methods .
Upload file upload .
Deletes the endpoint .
Extracts the parameter values from a fit row .
Returns a list of all arguments .
Schedule a periodic task .
Schedule a timeout task to be executed .
Populates the configuration with the given configuration .
Returns the file at index .
Configures application configuration .
Print the welcome banner .
Prints stopped banner .
Creates a rialeon instance .
Register a shutdown hook .
Triggers the notification .
Trigger the event on the server
Inserts a new fit row into the table .
Returns a tally of the file counts .
Set the value of a double score
Get a list of variants .
set a list of variants
Get question type value .
set question type value
get the token
Get the dep label of the token .
set dep label
Get semantic type .
set semantic type
Get the sections array .
set sections to a string
Get the sections .
set the sections value
Get a list of uris .
set uris
Get the types of the given type .
Set the types of a concept .
Get target type .
set target type
Get rank .
set rank value
Get the string representation of the search result
Set the value of a search string
Get the candidate answers .
Set candidate answers .
Get the candidate answers .
Set the candidate answers .
Get the string representation of the search type
set the string value
returns a list of hit lists
set hit list
get the hit list at index i
Set the hit list at the given index i .
get the abstract query
set the abstract query
Get search id .
set search id
set the doc id
Get offset in begin section
set offset in begin section
Get the offset in end section .
set offset in end section
Get the begin section value .
set begin section value
Get end section .
set end section
Get the aspects of a string .
set aspects to a string
Get triple by addr .
Set triple .
get the source relation
Set the source relation value
Get the subject string .
set subject value
Get the predicate of a string .
set predicate value
get is obj uri
set is obj uri
Get the query operator .
set operator operator
get operator args
set operator args
Get the concept for the given type
Get the double score of a feature .
Get the answer text .
Set the text of the answer to a string
get the id of the card
setter for id
Get the name of the concept .
Get abbreviation .
Set abbreviation .
set a concept
Get the variants for the given address .
set variant flags
Get a list of named entity types .
Set the named entity types .
Get the concept type .
set the concept type
Get the number of occurrences of the answer .
set the frequency of occurrence
Get the concepts associated with the given type .
set the concepts for the given entry
Get the original text .
set original text value
Get the list of arguments for a given query .
set the argument list
Get the label associated with the given address .
set the label of the role
Return the next clear bit .
Set the word index .
Free the given byte buffer .
Return a new instance of the Cache instance .
Recursively rehash a list of values .
Returns a helical string representation of all the Monomer Monomer .
Checks if the brackets are equal .
Add details to a string .
Returns a string representation of the component
Add a monomer element to this list .
Check if a polymer id matches a regular expression .
Checks if the polymer id is connected to a given polymer ID
Checks if details matches a regular expression
Check if a group id matches a group id .
Check if a string is repeating .
Checks if the polymer is a peptide or rna .
Convert the object to a JSON string .
get a simple polymer from a string
Returns the current grouping notation .
Returns a string representation of the polymer .
Returns the Polymer representation of the Polymer .
Returns the helix representation of all connections .
Returns a helical string representation of groupings .
Converts the annotation section to helical string .
Get the list of polymer identifiers .
Returns a Polymer instance corresponding to the given id
Initialize the polymer elements .
Convert string to string .
setter for annotations
set count of strings
Determine the monomer to use .
Determine which Monomer notation is based on string type .
Determine which entity belongs to .
Returns a list of values .
parse a string and parse it
private method to set rna
Define ambiguity .
Get statistics about the current state .
Create a new edge from the given collection of edges .
Creates a new A .
Initialize incoming paths .
Return a list of nodes sorted by reachability .
Subscribe to a pattern in this object .
get subscribe count of pattern
Unsubscribe callback .
Send a return request
send a return sync request
Block until timeout is reached .
Send a shutdown message .
Checks if the given Threshold is not local .
Lock the object state .
Create a worker thread .
Add a worker to the queue .
Register a worker in the work queue .
Remove the worker from the worker thread .
Perform all the work of the work queue .
Worker for worker threads .
Block until work is finished .
Find the common submitter in the common submitter queue .
This function is called by external help .
Submit a fork join task .
Make a fork join worker thread .
Get the status of the current job .
Builds a string representation of the given error code .
Get statistics for worker processes .
Creates a copy of the given list of elements .
Return the reverse of this iterator .
Return True if all elements of the collection evaluates to False otherwise .
r Fold elements from iterable to l .
r Fold the right value to the right .
Push a task to the heap .
Return a non - null value .
Construct an array from the given keys and values .
Return an empty list .
Create a copy of the elements from an iterable .
Create a new instance of a symmetric comparison .
Creates a new set with the key value set .
Normalize a resource name .
Translates a value to a string .
Get a sub sequence of characters from start to end .
Binary search for the given list .
Binary search for the given list .
Synchronously send a message .
Bind handler to handler .
Bind a filter to the server .
This method is called when a tag has been shown .
Get an integer from a long integer .
Removes duplicate strings from a string .
Return the value as a string .
Run the main loop .
Authenticate user .
Returns the login user from the request .
Returns True if the password matches the provided salt .
save member in cookie
Generate a login key .
Return a cookie user for a cookie .
Send a request to a web application .
Returns a long integer parameter from a HTTP request .
Log a debug message .
Get the caller info for a given level .
Convert a byte array to a byte array .
Convert a sequence of characters to a byte array .
Convert a byte array to a simple char array .
Convert a sequence of characters to a byte array .
Get locale data .
Schedules the promise for the given number of seconds .
Crop an image to another file .
Schedule an invocation of an invocation .
Invoke a direct invocation in a thread .
Get all rest operations
Render an AJAX error .
Renders an AJAX forbidden message .
Apply the template to the view .
Parses a URL path and returns its path .
Render data tables as JSON .
Render empty data tables .
Sets the given list of items .
Redirect to the web servlet .
Returns a list of all instances of a given injector .
Returns the current method as a string .
Clone memory of memory .
Propagate metrics to the metrics collection .
Encodes a string into its length .
Copies data from input to output stream .
Copies data from input to output stream .
Copies the input to a file .
Copies data from reader to output .
Copies the given character count to the output buffer .
Copies data from input to a file - like object .
Copies reader input to output stream .
Compare two streams .
Compare two readers .
Apply a function to each stage of the given type .
Get the SQL for a group name .
Unmarshalls a Jaxb string into a Python object .
Unzip a zip file .
get a permission dialog fragment
Reset the context to resume .
Register a type converter .
Returns True if the value matches a regular expression .
Return True if value is mobile .
Return True if value is a phone number .
Check if value is a birth day .
Return True if value is a valid URL .
Apply a filter to a web servlet request .
Encode a base64 string .
Decode base64 encoded string .
Convert hex string to byte array .
Load properties from an input stream .
Return a string representation of content as a string .
Read content of a file as a string .
Write a byte array to a file .
Copy a directory from source to target .
Serialize a document to a string .
Create a document from a file .
Create a document from an XML file .
Create a document from a stream .
returns True if signature is valid
Generate a signed XML document .
Checks if a class is cached .
Checks if clazz is a primitive array .
Returns true if clazz is a primitive array .
Resolves the primitive type of the given class .
Returns True if lhs type is assignable from rhs type .
Returns whether the given value is assignable or not .
Returns a list of all interfaces for the specified instance .
Returns a set of all interfaces of an object .
Write a temporary URL to a temp file .
Return a map of all variables in a URI .
Add a permission to this permission .
Bind a class to an extension
Returns a builtin object for the given type .
Get primitive value .
convert an object to a type
Try to convert a user defined value to a type .
Returns a list of objects matching the given name .
Returns a decorator that filters the request cookies with the given name .
A decorator to retrieve the values of a session .
Initialize data source
Add a param to the query .
Set the value of the param field to value .
Shows the permission dialog .
Checks if all values have been granted .
Checks if any of the given values are denied .
Find records matching sql select query .
Find a record in the database .
Returns true if the given model is new .
Declares the given exception with the given exception type .
Process queue from queue .
Put a value in the queue .
Matches a string against a regular expression .
Read the arguments from the interface class .
Get the protobuf entity for a given class .
Returns true if the entity is a protobuf entity .
Get all protobuf attributes from a class to a protobuf attribute .
Get the getter for the given field .
Get the pojo setter for a pojo field .
Get the mapper mapper .
Get a json factory .
Convert a Python object to a string .
Sets the borders of the borders .
get user record
Copies the attributes of the specified Jmx object to the target object .
Copies the specified Jmx attribute values to the object .
Creates a jupyter notebook
Saves the current access token .
Get access token .
Get the default class loader .
Get a resource by its name .
Get a resource from a URL .
Return an io stream of the given class as a stream .
Initialize the URI from another URI .
Initialize a scheme from a string .
Initialize path spec .
Set the scheme of the given scheme .
Private method to set userinfo .
Set the host of the given host .
Set the port number .
Add a path to the path .
Sets the query string p query string .
Set the fragment of the current URI .
Returns a string with the current scheme and scheme .
Create a new prepared statement from the given parameters .
Initialize persistent service .
Get the muffin file for the given parameters .
Sets the file contents for a given string .
Return contents of clipboard .
Set clipboard contents .
Return a dictionary mapping service names to their operations .
Set parametrized parameters for an operation .
Returns a dictionary mapping service parameters to their value .
Find parmetrized service by id .
Returns the first instance of a service that matches the given class .
Tries to parse a query string and return it as a python object .
Returns an iterator over the elements in the buffer .
extract encoding from xml string
Return a connection to the given connection .
Get authorization string .
Recursively visit a package declaration .
Visit a class declaration .
Visit an executable declaration .
Retrieves an option for the given key .
Returns a new declaration filter that matches the given modifiers .
Returns a new declaration filter for the given kind .
Creates a new declaration filter that matches the given filter .
Creates a new declaration filter that matches the given filter .
Get a copy of the map .
Marks a constructor as accessible to the constructor .
Object query info .
Replace a slash with hyphenation .
Convert a list of bytes to a hex string .
Get a list of indexes .
Parse a SQL query string .
Convert non - protobufs to protobufs .
Set the field value of a protobuf attribute .
set the value of a pojo field
Returns True if the filepath is accept .
Returns a ResultSet instance for the given result set .
Creates a map of expected labels to an integer .
Returns the generic supertype of the given type .
Coroutine to check lock .
Internal method to poll the object periodically .
Get the declared field by its name .
Get a list of declared methods .
Get the declared method .
Get a list of declared methods .
Returns a list of all declared constructor fields that are annotated with the given annotation class .
Dump byte b to stdout .
Find the index of the substring in the given substring .
Remove characters from a string .
Clean state .
Initialize the audit class .
Initialize the message queue .
Initialize password validator .
Initialize password authenticator .
Resolve locale code .
Get a locale info by code .
Create a new statement instance from the given statement stmt .
Remove all elements from the list .
Remove and return the last element from the stack .
returns a stream of input
Parse args and add properties to properties
Matches a list of tokens .
Move the current position of the current rectangle .
Returns true if the given rectangle is encloses the given rectangle .
Returns true if the given point is within the specified range .
Returns the intersection of this rectangle .
Returns the union of the rectangle .
Return a new rectangular with the x1 and x2 .
Return a new rectangular rectangle with the same coordinates .
Returns the number of rows in the specified column .
returns the number of rows in row
Returns a rectangular bounding box relative to given coordinates .
Calculate the columns .
Calculate the number of rows .
Unwrap a throwable exception .
Run the main program .
Called when a code update is received .
Copy and resize the code buffer .
Initialize the entry point
Creates a copy of the query parameter .
Add a child to the tree .
Clear all children .
Skip the next iteration .
Add instructions to the functor body .
Add a list of instructions to the parent .
Handles property change events
Register a work panel .
Update component flags .
Create a new decimal type .
Evaluate a term .
Optimize a list of instructions .
Compare two collections .
Handle the web service .
Start start tag
Write a HTML button to the tag .
Reset all of the machine to its initial state .
Initialize the class .
Get object value .
returns the index of an object
set v value at index
Remove an object from the object .
Removes an item from the list .
Returns True if the property has the specified property .
Private method to set a property on an object .
Private method to get a property from a callable .
Checks if the given primitive type is assignable from the given primitive type .
Initialize the callable .
Decide the decision tree based on state .
Initialize the decision tree .
Unify terms and statements .
Unify two terms .
Compile a query clause .
Find the maximum number of arguments in a clause .
Allocate permanent query registers .
Collect position and occurrence of a clause .
Display the compiled predicate .
Display compiled query .
Returns a string from the given byte buffer .
Get string value .
Set the value of the given string .
Read a term
Checks if a class exists and is not loaded .
Checks if the given class is a sub type .
returns true if parent is subtype of parent
Checks if a given class is a sub type of another class .
Get a class by name .
Create a new instance of cls .
Creates a new instance of the given constructor .
Call a method on an object .
Call a method on an object .
Calls a static method with the given parameters .
Get a constructor for a class .
Find the set of matching setters for the given property .
Create a transactional queue .
Create a transactional queue .
Get the type from an object .
Reset all caches to the initial state .
Create static type .
Add a tz name to the end point .
Add a tz extension to the sql table .
Adds a dimension to the database .
Returns a set of free variables in a query .
Returns a set of free variables in a query .
Compare two objects .
Write object to file .
Return a string representation of the input stream as a string .
Creates a search node .
Generate a trace indent .
Private method to check if the last body term is the last body of the function
Choose the best matching property .
Create functor .
Return a variable with the given name .
Run the action forward on the request
Returns the element at index .
Set a texture paint .
Overrides the method to call this method at a time .
create a buffered image
create a binary image with given pixel bits
Create a sgi image
Sets the queue search algorithm .
Main entry point for prolog .
This method is called when a source clause is encountered .
Parse a list of terms .
Parse functor .
Parse a variable .
Parse integer literal .
Parse a double literal .
Parse a string literal .
Peek and return a directive .
Internally set the name of an operator .
Initialize built ins .
Read the next token from the source stream .
Checks if the given kind matches the given kind .
Binds the event to the constructor .
Roll back the current session .
Collects the items from the given iterator into a new collection .
Convert time of day of day into milliseconds .
Convert a number of seconds to years .
Return a new value with the given ticks .
Return the number of minutes after the given number of minutes .
Return the specified number of seconds after seconds .
Calculate the ticks of the specified year .
Apply the specified number of ticks to the specified number of months .
Return the ticks with the given date .
Returns the number of milliseconds to year .
Read a byte block from a byte array .
Private method to find an entry for a given key .
Private method for creating a cuckoo entry .
Rebuild the internal cache .
Perform action performed .
Sets the next available value .
Sets the previous value of the previous available boolean value .
Set the finished flag .
Get a WAM instance by symbol .
Returns an iterator that yields the resolved set of variables .
Return the expected i .
Return a list of probabilities for a distribution .
Set the ticks of the ticks .
Perform action forward
Creates a url with the given spec .
Get information about the current page .
Return a list of header values .
Returns a list of cookies .
Returns a string representation of the parameters .
get the current request scope
get current page scope
get current session scope
Get the current application scope as a string .
Returns the user principal .
Entry point for start tag .
convert property value to html
Set the current state of the work flow .
Recursively walk the given term terms .
Compare two objects .
Update the current registers .
Notify listeners of property change events .
Leave a clause .
Checks if a positional function is inside a top - level function .
Sets the arguments for this program .
Return the fixity .
Returns true if this node is infix .
Compute the difference between two operands .
Handles property change events
Register a work flow controller .
Returns an enum attribute factory for a given class .
Create a component factory for a class .
Returns the storage cell for this variable
Returns whether this variable is bound .
Add a column to the given column .
Add a row attribute to the given row .
Private method to get a column attribute .
Private method to get row attribute .
Internal helper for internal insertions .
Create static type .
Create a new type pattern for the given name .
Returns True if char sequence is an instance of char sequence .
Creates a positional context for the given term .
Update the registers of the given layout .
Returns the value of the expression in the expression tree .
Find the goal path .
This method caches the given block in the cache .
Get synchronized properties .
Sets the rate for the given float
Read a block of data from a byte array .
Skip the given number of bytes from the source stream .
Gather disjunctive disjunctive expressions .
Get an integer from a byte array .
Write an integer to a byte array .
Write 24 bit integer to byte array .
Get 24 bit integer from byte array .
Get a float from the byte array .
Write a boolean value to a byte array .
Search for a tree entry in a tree search state .
Iterate over valid operators .
Returns the id of the container .
Get the current value .
Set the value of the integer value .
Convert a string to a list of strings .
Convert a list of strings to a list .
Convert a string to camel case .
Add handlers to a buffer .
Returns a WAM object for the given function name .
Add a code address to the WAM table .
Checks if the given hierarchy attribute is a sub category .
Returns the id of the container .
Get the value at level level level .
Get the last value of the path value
Write object to file output stream .
Read object from input stream .
This function computes the HECK algorithm .
Return the modulo of a given integer c .
Add an error message .
Write a string to a given offset .
Classifies the state .
Compute the difference between two sequences .
Instantiate distributed iterator .
Calculate the log base 128 - bit integer .
Convert an integer into a log - 2 log table .
Log integer value .
Log integer value .
Log base 10 base 10 base 10 .
Convert a base 10 value into a log - 10 integer .
Get character count .
Get character count .
Calculate integer count for given integer value .
Set the head of the list of instructions .
Emmit code .
Set the current screen to work flow .
Evaluate the given t .
Creates a key iterator .
Initialize the array properties .
Sets the rate for the given float
Evaluate numeric type .
Find properties of the class .
Private method to get properties using system property
Private method to get properties using classpath using classpath
Private method to get properties using cwd .
Leave a functor .
Get the value of this term .
Set the substitution term for the given term .
Creates a queue of nodes .
Clean up the container .
Append logging event to the log .
Fires a connector
Initialize the printer .
Clear all changes .
Rollback transaction .
Send a write operation .
Adds a cached write operation to the cache .
Acquire global write lock .
Release global write lock .
Assign current session to tx .
Recursively enter a rule set .
Add an exception to the queue waiting for the given timeout .
Wait for an element to complete and return it .
Put an exception into the queue .
Get next object .
Get a property as a boolean .
Get the specified property as an integer .
Get a long integer property as a long integer .
Wrap a mixin function call .
Private method to add a visitor to a rule set .
Backtrack a search node .
Retrieves the code from a call point .
Execute the query and extract bindings .
Decodes a term in a memory heap .
Captures current state .
Restore object from object
Get the value of an object .
Store the value of an attribute on the class .
Get all field names .
Execute the executor .
Sets an item to be offered
Creates a search node .
Creates a queue of nodes that are connected to nodes .
Creates a simple walker that uses the given visitor function .
Creates a goal walker for the given visitor .
Creates a positional traverser for positional terms .
Creates a positional walker for positional terms .
Creates a positional walker for positional terms .
Get properties from an input stream .
Get the properties of a properties file .
Get the static properties of the given URL .
get properties from pathname
Private method to compute a dimension size .
Initialize font metrics .
Add a property change listener .
Add a property change listener .
Remove a property change listener .
Invoke property change event .
Create static type .
Do a fade in a group .
Draws the horizontal bar chart .
Show the left bar bar .
Show the right bar .
Sanitize radio controls .
Wait for the execution of the given time .
Wait for the given time to complete .
Execute the executor .
Appends classpath to command line .
Create a random static type .
Prints the introduction .
Initialize console reader .
Evaluate a clause .
Evaluates the query .
Get data for multiple types .
Get byte data from byte b .
Get a single character from a character c .
Get the byte data for the given short s .
get data for a specific type i
Get the length of a given integer .
returns a float value for a float f
Get a double value from a double value .
Get a multi - type data object .
Get the object s data .
Put attribute on context .
Clear up all items up to the specified key .
Expand a key .
Insert a character into the data buffer .
Compute the difference between two objects .
Parse a list of operators .
get a set of operators matching the given name .
Checks if the given op symbol is valid .
Create a new node that matches the given successor .
Gets the errors from the server .
Get options in force
get the usage string
Add trailing properties to the properties .
Add options to a dictionary .
Add an option .
Private method to check if the argument is valid .
Compare two iterators .
Returns a list of enumeration options .
Returns a list of all available options .
Set the stemmer to the selected tag .
Returns the actual stemmer .
Return the stem of a word .
Main function for stemming .
Create static type .
Reset all caches to the initial state .
Trace environment variables .
Returns a trace frame .
Internal method to call a function .
Private method to advance the stack frame .
Attempts to back - track if possible .
Traverse the given address .
Unconditionally unwindicate a1 and b2 .
Perform the final trail .
Unify two integers .
Unify a const .
Get a string representation of a slot .
Get a random start state .
Checks if the given puzzle state is solvable .
Get the child state for an operator .
Returns a iterator over valid operators .
Pretty print all board numbers .
Swap two tiles .
Convert a string representation of a string to char list .
Convert a list of chessboard characters to a list .
Converts a log4j log record to a string .
Converts the given level to a log4jax level .
Requeue an element and requeue it .
Receeue an element and requeue it .
Private method to increment the size and count of records .
Private method to decrement the size and count of the eRecord .
Checks if the size of a new size is crossing between low water size thresholds .
Returns the enumeration list of the given string .
List the bindings for the given string .
Add a property to an Environment .
Remove property from the environment
Run garbage collector .
Rule literal .
Resolve a mixin reference .
Push a reference to a boolean variable .
Sets the max row height .
Update the maximum column width .
Create a heuristic search node for the given o and t .
execute action forward
Substitute the built - ins of the given term in the given clause .
Initialise symbol table .
Perform a top level check on a clause .
Returns a string representation of the argument list .
Evaluates a numeric value .
Set the state to running .
Terminate the terminating state .
Signal handler for shutdown .
Sets an item to be offered
Compare two nodes .
Recursively insert two nodes .
Restart the container .
Return a set containing all the elements of the specified method .
Returns a collection of elements matching the given method .
Find all solutions in the collection .
Returns the next in sequence .
Restore values from object .
Returns the value of the given property .
Store the given property value .
Stores the given property on the given object .
Capture the capture .
Remove and return an element from the list .
Return a string representation of the given modifiers .
Convert string to integer .
Convert a string to date .
Checks if a string is a date
Checks if a string is a time .
Check if a string is a date time .
Get a token source for a given string .
Static method to get the token source for the given file .
Creates a token source for the given input stream .
Checks if a WAM instruction is constant .
Checks if a WAM instruction is a void variable .
Checks if the given instruction is non - arg .
Returns an iterator over the children of this term .
Get the argument at the given index .
Returns an iterator over the children of this expression .
Returns a string representation of the arguments .
retrieve the summary of a measure
Retrieve records for a measure .
Execute a query against the database
Emmit code .
Set the type of the class .
Consult the input stream .
Return a string representation of a variable .
Expand results to a map of variables .
Read the stream .
Read the document and parse it .
Get the current time .
Set the UUID to the current counter .
Update the track info .
Update the playlist info .
Renders final output .
Handle a resource request .
Run the main event loop .
Fires a start music request .
Initialize the connection .
Start the XMPP connection .
Shutdown the application .
reset the XML pull parser
main loop for parsing packets
Process packet .
Sets the cli option
Create a new chat .
Internal method to initialize the manager .
Reset the content of the container .
set the value of a property on the server
Add packet filter .
Process the incoming request .
Reset all stored properties .
Initialize the writer .
Send packet .
Private method that returns the next packet .
Opens the connection to the server .
Get all descriptors .
Returns True if the given descriptor contains the given descriptor .
Add a callback to the event life cycle .
Shut down the executor .
Checks if the given entry is valid .
Return the non - null value of the specified type .
Returns True if x is equal False otherwise .
Get the first entry in the table .
Resize the given capacity to new capacity .
Adds all keys to the given map .
Remove an entry from a key .
Remove an entry for a given key .
Remove an entry from a mapping .
Add a new entry to the table .
Creates a new immutable map for the given keys and applies the given augmentation .
Encodes a binary XML attribute .
Encode a list of bytes into a hex string .
Encode a base64 string .
Encode a base64 string into a base64 string .
Iterate over the elements of the collection .
Set the selector for selectors .
Set the callback for the given progress controller .
Set the behavior of the callback .
Set the volume change .
Set the available playlists .
Handles the management of the command .
Handle a volume
Handles a jump event
Handles select events
Get a cached copy of a thread cache .
Get the cache for a given name .
Get the alternative field for a stream
Returns the shard path for the given id .
Adapts a session adapt to a session adaptable object .
Safely invoke a method on an object .
Recursively delete a tree .
Update one or more properties
Set the new ping interval .
Schedule a ping server .
Add all application options .
Returns True if the specified option has been added .
parse command line arguments
Print the usage of the application .
\ Parse the command line arguments .
Initialize connection .
Start TLS .
Returns the xmpp compression handler if supported .
Write a string to the writer .
Starts streaming compression .
Called when an error occurs .
Called when a reconnection is received .
Register a sasl mechanism .
Returns a list of SASL mechanisms .
Returns the output plugin behaviour .
Logs an informational message .
Logs an error and logs it .
Writes a log message to the given stream .
Create a start event .
Create a start event .
Calls all writer listeners
Checks if the given resource has a given resource .
Checks if a given source is contained in the given source .
Checks if the given list of resources contains the given resource .
Returns a list of models matching the given list of strings .
Get a map from a key .
Returns a cache key for the given key .
Remove a cached copy of the cache if it exists .
Put a cached object into the cache .
returns a map of configuration files to be loaded
Include a file .
Include a jar file .
Add a SASL mechanism .
Add SASL mechanisms to the pool .
Private method to create debugging .
Activate the safe post processors .
Register common events on the server .
Register an event listener .
Register an event id .
Try to acquire a lock .
Check if the event can run .
Create a dse session .
Create a user error resource .
Starts playing a song .
Stop playing song .
Add a command to the playlist .
Create a broadcaster playlist .
Create a broadcaster playlist answer .
Appends all parts to the URL .
Add a query param .
Add query parameter to URL builder .
Return a query param .
Add a query param .
Returns a list of resources that are available on the event model .
Performs action performed on the launch button .
check startup status
Check if url exists .
Browse a browser button .
Creates a new image icon
Run the main function .
Add new integers to this array .
Returns a hash map of all known attributes .
Returns a json object at the specified index .
get a json value by key
Return the integer as an integer .
Return a double value .
Get string representation of given object
Create a command resource .
Verify that the given command is valid .
Verify the capabilities for a given command .
Verify that the given command is valid .
Execute a batch of statements asynchronously .
Get all subclasses of a given class .
get the subclasses of a given class
Search and return a set of unique hashes for the specified class .
Search for all the files in the given directory .
Returns a list of resources .
Returns the number of entries in the list .
Process packet .
Returns a list of volumes created by event model .
Create an error response
Create an error response .
Determines if an event is a target .
Set the value of login enabled period property .
Wrap a set with an eigenvalue .
Set the name of the dataset .
Update the state of this item .
Gets roster groups
Append a RSM to an element .
Parse an rsm element .
Create a new leave event request .
Reload the roster from the server .
Create an XML entry .
Get all roster entries .
Get a presence resource
Sets offline presence packets for offline users .
Fires a roster changed event .
Set the digest of a connection .
Generate a resource based on the given event model .
Create a player request .
Returns the time passed to the event model .
Register a listener that updates the listener .
Initialize properties file
Reload properties from a file .
Parse a stream error XML element .
Parse mechanism elements .
Parse compression elements .
parse packet extension parser
Decodes the value of the type according to the type .
Verify that the event is valid .
Get the playback state of a resource .
Get the secret key for a given subdomain .
Returns True if the given subdomain is allowed .
Atomically put a value into the cache .
Returns a reference key set .
Returns a collection of reference values .
Perform a purge of a reference .
Get an entry in the cache .
Compute the hash of an entry .
Create a reference entry .
Checks if the presence of events are present .
Set the presence of the event .
Update the most vague resource with the latest level .
Deliver a message .
Generate a script .
Initialize the output directory .
Load properties from file
Writes stderr to file .
Returns a list of resources that have been imported from event model .
Decorate a collection to be synchronized .
Discover all hosts in a network .
Resolve configuration and return the result .
Returns the thread pool .
Create a stop music service .
Verify that the event is valid .
Get a DSE cluster .
Add a connection listener .
Add packet listener .
Register a packet sending packet listener .
Invoke the packet sending listeners .
Add packet interceptor .
Fires all interceptors for the given packet .
Convert a string value into an object .
Called when the connection is lost .
Get the current thread id .
Checks if a node is valid .
Get the key associated with the given value .
Get the value of an object at the given index .
Look up a node by index .
Look up a node by its data .
Compare two objects .
Find the node with the given index .
Find the node with the given index .
Find the next node at the given index .
Find the node with the highest valid node .
Find the least valid node with the given index .
Private method to copy a node from one to another .
Return whether a node is red .
Checks if a node is black .
Get the grand parent of a node .
Get the parent of a node .
Get the right child of a node .
Get the left child of a node .
Rotates a node by its index .
Rotate a node by its index .
Recursively insert a node into the tree .
Perform red black delete .
Checks whether an object is non - null .
Insert a value into a new node .
Checks if the specified key exists in the current thread .
Checks if the given value exists in the current thread .
Get a value from the key .
Removes the specified object from the specified key .
Remove all nodes from the tree .
Copy entries from a transaction to a new map .
Deletes expired entries .
Cull the cache .
Activate the given properties .
Get a list of player requests .
Initialize a default roster store
Open a default roster store .
Scan through a range of IP addresses and return a list of them .
Convert an IPv4 address to an inet address .
Export the hash map to a hash map .
Imports a track info from a hash map .
Add all classes to the set .
Execute the given application .
Print the list of class names to stdout .
Print the usage of this command .
Run the command line
Create a mute event .
Create a mute event .
Get the latest known schema by name .
write a list of lines to a file
Determine if this class is in an exec jar .
Adds an option to the CLI .
Returns a list of all schemas .
Get the schema field by its name .
Returns the name of the package .
Given a set of keys and values return a list of values .
Create a notification listener .
Set the state of the transition .
Iterate over a collection .
r Perform an iteration .
Returns a list of track info that are present in the event model .
Export the hash map to a dictionary .
Imports the given resource
Create a buffered image with the given lines .
download a buffered image
get json from url
Reverse a mapping from source to target .
Returns a set of the multiplication of the elements of the multiplication .
Initialize the daemon .
Return the object to the pool .
Create an ended event .
Get current track info .
Update a playlist with a new track info .
Shuffle a playlist .
Verify the capabilities of the capabilities .
Returns a hash map of the current state of this object .
Escape a string for XML .
Called when a challenge is received .
Writes the output to a byte array .
Run the main loop .
This method is called when an event is received .
Join all queues .
Set the property of the authorizer .
Remove a property from the list .
Add a principal to the list .
Remove a principal from the list .
Called when the root window is closed .
Called when the user encounters a presence event .
Called when the event is fired .
Check if a resource is permanent .
Set the roster name
Returns True if the given object contains the given key .
Checks if the given value is equal to the given value .
Add a value to the entry in the map .
Remove all entries from the cache .
Hash an object .
Checks if two keys are equal .
Checks if two objects are equal .
Ensure the new capacity of the given new capacity .
Calculates the capacity of the proposed capacity .
Creates an iterator for the enumeration of entries .
load map from a binary stream
Initialize this context .
Notifies the connection failed by connecting to the given exception .
Checks if the connection has been reconceeded .