This method is called when a value has been dequeued. This method is called by the
Creates an observable from an observable source. If the source is already an observable it will be
Returns an observable sequence of the elements of this observable sequence sorted according to the specified comparator.
Replays the given connectable observable using the given scheduler. The returned observable will be replay
Create a new unicastprocessor with the given capacityhint.
Creates a new unicastprocessor with the given capacity hint.
Subscribes to the source using the result of applying the mapper to the value of the
Construct a flowable that maps a scalar value to a value using the given function.
Reset all handlers to their default values.
Converts a completablesource into a maybe object. The completablesource must not be null
Convert a single object into a maybe object.
Retry the operation up to the specified number of times if the predicate evaluates to true. If
Require that the object is not null. If it is throws a nullpointerexception with the
Returns the identity function.
Creates a callable that just returns the given value. The value will be converted to an object
Returns a function that takes a single value and returns it as the result of the function.
Returns a function that casts to the given target class.
Create a new unicast subject.
Create a new unicast subject with the given capacity hint.
Create a new unicast subject with the given capacity hint. The onterminate callback will be
Create a new unicast subject.
Wait for an error and return it. If there is no error return null. If there
Wait for an error. If the timeout is reached the error is returned. If the timeout
Waits for the value to be set to true. If the value is set to false the
Drains the given queue using a maximum backpressure loop. If the queue is full
Sends a request to the given subscription with the given number of prefetch items. If the number
Completes this request with the given number of values.
Get the value of this field as a t.
Gets the error of the value.
Validates that upstream and next are disposed and that upstream and next are disposed.
Sets the value of the upstream observable to the given value and notifies the observer if the value
Validates that upstream and next are both non - null and non - null. If upstream is
Sets the upstream subscription to the given subscription and cancels the next subscription if the upstream subscription
Add two long values and return the result. If the result is less than the max_
Multiplies two long values and returns the result. If the result is larger than a or
Add n to the requested set and return the new value. If the requested set is already
Create a new nullpointerexception from a throwable.
Add an object to the end of the list.
Shuts down the pool. This method should be called when the pool is no longer needed
Creates a new scheduled thread pool with the given thread factory.
Sets a subscription. If the current subscription is the same as the given one it will be
Emits all the objects in the queue until the queue is empty or the emitting flag
Wrap a throwable in a runtimeexception.
Flattens a throwable into a list of all the nested exceptions.
Throw the throwable if it is an exception otherwise throw it as an exception.
Removes all resources from this disposable set. This method is safe for concurrent access.
Returns the number of resources in the hash set or 0 if the hash set is empty.
Subscribes to the source observable by applying a function to each element of the source observable
Returns an observable sequence that maps each element of the observable sequence to a new value using the
Returns true if all elements in this queue are accepted.
Accept an observer for this queue. If the queue is full the observer will be accepted.
Start the stream. This method must be called at the beginning of the stream.
Start the stream unbounded by setting the upstream subscription to an empty subscription. The stream will
Adds an element to the queue. If the queue is full the element will be dra
Returns the disposable value of the resource. If the resource is disposed it will be
Completes this observable with the specified value. If the observable is not yet completed this will
This method is called when an error occurs. This method is called when an error occurs.
Completes this future by setting the terminated flag to false. If the future is already completed
Awaits the specified number of milliseconds. If the specified number is less than or equal to
Request the given number of events from the upstream subscription.
Adds a publishdisposable to the queue. If the queue is full the method returns false
Removes the given publishdisposable from the list of subscribers. If the list is empty the
Construct an observeable from a connectable flowable and a scheduler.
Parse the annotations of the given method and return the corresponding httpservicemethod. If the method
Sets the amount of time to wait before sending the next message. The amount must be greater
Creates an error response from the error factory. If the error factory throws an illegalstateexception
Calculates the amount of time to wait for the next sample.
Creates a sampledata object with the given username and password. The username and password must be
Returns the HTTP method value for the given HTTP method name or null if the method name is
Search for a user in the directory.
Encodes the given password using the given salt generator and returns the encoded password as a string.
Returns true if the raw password matches the encoded password.
Perform version checks if the minspring version is not null. If the minspring
Returns true if checks should be disabled based on the Spring version and the Spring Security
Gets the spring version from the properties file. If the file is not found null is returned
Creates a new attribute exchange configurationurer and adds it to the list of attribute exchange configurationur
Returns an oauth2clientconfigurer instance.
Returns a new oauth2resourceserverconfigurer instance configured with the current context.
Compares the specified attribute with the specified attribute of the specified DN and returns true if the attribute
Retrieve an entry from the directory and store it in the given attribute storetrieve.
Search for multiple attribute values that match the given filter and parameters and return them as a set
Search for a single entry in a directory and return the results as a hashset.
Build a new searchcontrols object from the given searchcontrols object.
Perform a lookup of the given primary keys. The primary keys will be stored in the database
Create a preauthenticatedgrantedauthoritieswebauthenticationdetails object from the J2EE user
Create the root beandefinition for the embedded server.
Creates the filter for the servlet API provision. If the servlet API provision is the same as
Create the jaasapifilter.
Create a typeresolverbuilder for the default typing whitelist.
Inserts a spring security filterchain into the servlet context.
Get the token for a given seriesid.
Returns a list of all granted authorities for the given attributes.
Creates a new cipher object with the specified algorithm.
Override afterpropertiesset to catch servletexception and propagate it to the super class
Checks if the request requires authentication. If the request requires authentication then the response will be sent
Returns true if the principal of the request has changed. If the request has a pre -
This method is called when the request is authenticated. This method is called when the request is
Check if the content length of the response has been reached. If so call the doon
Maps all authorities in the given collection to their respective authorities. The default authority is
Sets the URL of the login processing page.
Update the authentication defaults.
Update the access defaults for the permitall support. This method is called when the permitall
Map a password value to a string if it is not already a string.
Extract the remember me cookie from the request.
Encodes the given token array into a cookie value. The cookie value is base64 encoded.
Adds a cookie to the response. The cookie will be encoded and added to the response.
Resolve a method argument.
Get the query string from the request and replace the first part of the query string with the
Returns the port of the given service URL or the default port if it is - num_
Returns the principal of the current user. If the current user is an anonymous authentication token the
This method is called when the user logs out. This method is called when the user logs
Authenticates a usernamepasswordauthenticationtoken request. If the request is a usernamepasswordauthentication
Sets the context environment properties.
Returns the full URL of the request that should be redirected to after the request has been made
This method is called at the end of the tag. It is called when the tag is
Initialize the userdetails service.
Get the userdetails service.
Adds the pkce parameters to the attributes and additionalparameters.
Checks if the request requires authentication.
Checks if the request requires authentication. This method is overridden to log the result in debug mode
Returns true if the request is a proxy ticket request. If the request is a proxy ticket
Returns true if the current user is authenticated. If the current user is an anonymous authentication token
Returns true if the request matches the proxyreceptor configured and the proxyreceptormatch
Creates a security expression root for the given authentication and invocation. This method is called by the
Get the jwkset from the server.
URL - encode a string using UTF - 8.
Get the list of websphere groups based granted authorities for the currently logged in user.
Load userdetails by assertion.
Gets the pre - authenticated principal from the request.
Concatenate multiple byte arrays into a single byte array.
Creates a subarray from the given byte array starting at the given index and ending at the
Returns a list of grantedauthorities for the given attributes.
Preprocesses the given map to ensure that all strings in the given map are converted to strings
Returns a collection of grantedauthority objects for the given value.
Add a collection of grantedauthority objects to the result.
Gets the pre - authenticated principal from the HTTP servlet request.
Get the shared object of the given type.
Build the https redirect URL for the given HTTP servlet request.
This method is called by the joinpoint when it is invoked. The joinpoint must be
Checks if the given role is present in the role list. If not it adds the role
Add any role to a list of roles.
Create a persistent remember metoken and add it to the response. This method is called when
This method is called when the user attempts to switch to a different user. If the user
Attempt to exit the current user. This method is called when the user is logged in.
Sets the URL that will be used to redirect the user to when the application is exited.
Display a random contact in the public contact list.
The springsecurityfilterchain is the websecurity filterchain that applies the websecurity configurer
Decode a JWT string into a JWT object. The decoded token must be a valid JWT.
Returns true if the user is authorized using an accessexpression. If the user is
Returns true if the current user is allowed to access this request.
Convert a JWT into a collection of GrantedAuthorities.
Generates a new CSRFToken for the given request. The CSRFToken is stored in
Display a contact s administration page.
Display the add permission page for a given contact.
Adds a permission to a contact. If the contact already has a permission it will be rejected
Returns the role with the given default prefix appended to the role if it does not already have
Create a userdetailsresourcefactorybean from a string.
Returns the values of the attribute with the given name. If no attribute with the given name
Returns the first attribute value with the given name or null if there are no such attributes.
Encodes the given character sequence into a byte array.
Decodes a byte array into a string.
Looks up the parameter names for the given object.
Adds a new contact to the contact manager.
Find all configattributes that are applicable to the given method and that match the target class.
Add a secure method to the map of secure methods.
Returns a collection of all configattributes.
Returns true if the method name and the mapped name match the method name and the mapped name
Returns a configurationurer for any request. This is a no - op if there is no
This method is called when a bindexception occurs. It logs the exception in debug mode
Get a random contact from the database.
Clear the authentication attributes from the session.
Returns the field with the given name in the given class or null if it does not exist
Creates the service url.
Create a direct URL for the given service URL.
Extract the prefix from an encpass string.
Sends a forbidden response to the client. The client is not allowed to access this resource.
Checks that all the filters in the filter stack are not duplicated.
Returns an array of the registered types.
Extract the cause of the given throwable.
Register an access manager with the parser context. This is the primary entry point for the access
Returns a set containing all the authorities in the given collection.
Compares two byte arrays and returns true if they are the same or false if they are different
Sets the default failure URL to redirect to when a failure occurs. The default failure URL is
Sets the function that will be called when the hidden inputs of the request should be resolved.
Builds the request URL from the servletpath requesturi contextpath pathinfo and querystring.
Returns true if the given string is an absolute URL.
Returns a list of attributes that match the given identifier or an empty list if no such attribute
Convert a serializable identifier to a serializable object.
Creates the entries for the given ACL.
Create or update an object identity in the database.
Updates the object identity of the given mutable acl.
This method is called when a new request is received. This method is called when a new
Create a serverwebexchangematcher for the given HTTP method and path patterns.
Returns a serverwebexchangematcher for any exchange.
Creates a textencryptor that deluxes the given password using the given salt.
Returns a text encryptor that encrypts the given password using the given salt.
Create a textencryptor that encrypts a password using AES - 256 and a salt.
Writes the X - Frame - Options header to the response.
Returns the target URL for the given request and response. The target URL is based on the
Returns the target URL to use for this request.
Sets the target URL parameter.
Returns the directory with the immediate parent populated.
Create a new distinguishedname object with the specified username.
Creates a hashmap that associates all of the shared objects that are created by the application
Configure the JAAS using loop. If the JAAS using loop is not already
Returns the current date as a string. If the current date is longer than the number of
Internal method to parse a date from a string using a list of dateformats.
Updates the cache with the given key and value. If the value is null the cache is
Set the details of the authentication request.
Get the security name of the given subject.
Returns a list of websphere groups for a given security name.
Build the distinguishedname for a group.
This method is called when the maximum number of allowed sessions is reached.
Copy details from the source authentication to the dest authentication. If the dest is an abstractauthentication
Returns the list of filters associated with the given request or null if no filters are associated with
Get a list of filters for a given URL.
Returns the applicationcontext for the given pagecontext or null if there is no applicationcontext.
Returns the full distinguishedname of the given distinguishedname. If the distinguishedname
Sets the session attributes to be sent to the server. The session attributes will be added to
Creates a new basic authentication scheme with the given username and password. The username and password are
Adds a list of filters to the restassured filter list.
Adds a filter to the restassured list of filters. Additional filters can be added to
Creates a basic authentication scheme with the given username and password.
Creates an ntlm authentication scheme.
Creates a new form authentication scheme with the given username password and configuration.
Set the proxy for the given URI.
Print the response body to the given stream. If logdetail is true the response body will
Returns a new restassured configuration that will redirect the client to the given URL.
Specify the charset to use for the default content - type - parameter. The default charset is
Set the default objectmappertype.
The jaxbobjectmapperfactory is used to create a new instance of the objectmapperconfig
Returns a new instance of the restassured mockmvcconfig with the given logconfig
Sets the session configuration for the restassured mock mvc server. The default configuration is
Return a new instance of the restassured mockmvcconfig with the specified objectmapper
Return a new mockmvcconfig instance with the specified JSON configuration.
Sets the XML configuration for the mock server to use.
Returns a new instance of the mockmvcconfig with the specified encoder configuration.
Returns a new instance of the restassured mockmvcconfig with the specified configuration.
Return a new mockmvcconfig that uses the specified async config.
Return a new instance of the mockmvcconfig with the same configuration as this one but
Return a new restassured mockmvcconfig instance with the specified multipart config.
Return a new mockmvcconfig with the specified parameter configuration.
Returns a new instance of the mockmvcconfig with the specified matcher configuration.
Set whether to allow all hostnames in the certificate. This is useful when you want to
Create a new XMLPathConfig instance with the specified namespaces.
Sets the declared namespace for this XMLPath configuration. The namespace will be applied to all elements
Make a request to the server using the default uri content - type and config - closure.
Sets the headers to be sent to the client. This method is not thread - safe.
Set the default proxy for the connection. The default proxy is used if no proxy is specified
Sets the name of the control element.
Adds a single header to the multipart request. The name and value must not be empty.
Set basic credentials for the HTTP client.
Set the NTLM credentials for the given host port user pass workstation and domain.
Creates a new headers object with the specified header and additional headers.
Reset all internal variables to their default values. This is useful when you want to reset the
Adds a header to the response. If the header name equals ignorecase the content - type
Build the response object.
Matches this string against the given value matcher. If the string does not match the given value
Matches this string against the given comment matcher. If the string does not match the given comment
Returns a detailedcookiematcher that matches strings that have a expirydate property.
Matches the domain of this string against the given matcher.
Matches this string against the given path matcher. If the string does not match the given path
Returns a new detailedcookiematcher that matches strings that are secured by the
Matches this string against the given httponly matcher.
Matches the version of this cookiematcher against the given version matcher.
Returns a new detailedcookiematcher that matches strings that have a maxage property
Expect a response header with the given name to match with the given value matcher.
Expect a response header with the given name to be present and with the given value.
Expect a cookie with the given name to be present in the response.
Returns a copy of this proxy specification with the specified host.
The number return type to use when parsing JSON paths. The default parser type is the number
Sets the default parser type.
Set the default logging stream for this request. This is the default stream that will be used
Create a new logconfig object with defaultprintstream prettyprintingenabled urlencodere
Create a new httprequestbase for the given uri httpmethod and hasbody.
Create a new multipart config with the specified default boundary.
Add an attribute to the mock request spec.
Add a header to the mock request spec.
Add a multipart request to the request.
Adds additional result handlers to the mock request spec.
Returns a new instance of the HTTP client configuration with the specified parameter set to the specified value
Returns a new httpclientconfig with the specified HTTP client parameters added.
Creates a new instance of the httpclientconfig with the given httpclientfactory.
Set whether or not to use multipart mode for the HTTP client. If set to true the
Get the result of a request with the given path and parameters. If the request fails the
Get the int value of the given path.
Get the byte at the given path.
Returns the short value of the given path.
Returns the float value at the given path or null if the path does not exist.
Returns the value at the given path as a double. If the value is not a double
Get the long value of the given path.
Get a list of objects from the resource at the given path. If the path points to
Get the map at the given path.
Get an object of the given type from the resource at the given path.
Sets the body of the request. The body is mapped using the specified objectmapper.
Adds a cookie to the request.
Add a parameter to the request.
Add a parameter to the request.
Returns a new instance of the mockmvcparamconfig with the given updatestrategy.
Log responselogging filter for integer values that do not match the given matcher.
Creates a new cookies object with the given additional cookies.
Remove the given keysandsources from the backingmap. If the backingmap is empty remove
Index the explicit bindings in the multimap.
getbindingorthrow - get bindingorthrow implementation for a given key.
Convert a constant string binding to a string binding.
This method cleans up the dependencies of the given binding. This method is called by the
Remove a failed jit binding. If ip is null remove it from the list of failed
Returns the set of internal dependencies of the given binding.
Create an uninitialized binding. The binding is not initialized if it is not initialized yet.
Returns an array of parameters that can be injected into a single instance of a single parameter injector
Binds the injector to the injector state.
Bind a logger to the injector.
Checks if the given member has a binding annotation that is marked as misplacedbinding
Returns true if method a overrides method b.
Sets the delegate to be invoked when the injector is initialized. The delegate must not be null
Returns the type of the type of the type. This is useful for debugging and debugging.
Resolve all types in the given array and return a list of the resolved types.
Canonicalizes a typeliteral so that it can be used as a forked type.
Prepare the builtin converters for the given injector. This method should be called before the injector is
Canonicalizes the given classloader. If the given classloader is null the system classloader is returned.
Hassameversionofcglib is the same as cglib.
Returns true if the given member is publicly callable.
Returns a key with all annotations replaced with their original value. If the key has no annotation
This method is called by the injector when an instance is requested to be injected. This method
Validates all of the pending injections. This method is called when the injections have been
Creates a new instance of this class with the given arguments.
Creates a new instance of the given type based on the given scoping. If the sc
If the given scoping is for an injectable scope return that scope otherwise return the given
Normalizes the given path and returns it as a string. If the path starts with str then
Generates an annotation of the given type.
Returns true if the given annotation type has a retention policy and the runtime is the same as
Find a scope annotation in an array of annotations.
Get the key for the given type member and binding annotations.
Returns the name of the given key. If the key has an annotation the name of the
Sets the delegate provider to be called when the delegate provider is initialized. The delegate provider must
Add a directtypebinding to the bindingselection.
Get a constructor injector from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Checks if the given interceptor class is a hasscope.
Creates a new realmapbinder that binds to the given key and value types.
Returns a key for a new value. The key will be created if it does not exist
Provisions a new instance of the type t using the single - parameter injectors.
Writes the contents of the source object to the output stream and returns the result as a message
Convert a module object into a module object that can be used as a module name.
Returns a copy of the assistdatabymethod collection.
Returns true if the key not fullyspecified is the same as the message in the
Returns true if the constructor has matching parameters.
Returns the set of dependencies for the given ctorpoint and implementation. If the implementation is an
Returns a new set of dependencies that are not assisted by the given set of dependencies.
Returns true if the dependency is valid for optimizedassistedinject.
Gets the binding from the new injector.
Invoke a method on a proxy object.
Returns an error message for missing implementation of the given key. The error message includes the key
Creates a new realmultibinder instance and installs it into the given binder.
Returns the key for a new item.
Finds the next matching filter for the given request.
Returns true if the constructor is annotated with the javax. inject. inject annotation.
Returns the internal constructor injectionpoint for this factory or null if this factory is not initialized.
Returns the set of internal dependencies that are needed by this factory.
Form a module from a module object and a moduleannotatedmethodscanner.
Gets the annotation for the given method. If the method is a bridge or a synthetic method
Returns the line number of the given member.
Initializes the injector. This method is called when the injector is instantiated and all its dependencies have
Validate that the given object is an instance of the given key and that it is an instance
Suppress warnings in the given string. This is used to prevent warnings from being printed to the
Create a new members injector with listeners for the given type. The listeners will be notified of
Get the injectors for the given set of injectionpoints.
Creates a new key for the given type and annotation strategy.
Returns an annotation strategy for the given annotation.
Returns an annotationstrategy for the given annotation type.
Prunes the stack trace from the cause of a throwable that is not part of the internal
Returns the binding source of this stack trace element. The binding source can be either a class
Creates a new error message with the specified message format and arguments.
Creates a new exception message with the specified message format and arguments.
Creates a new message from the given messageformat and the given list of sources with the given
Convert the given object to an element source. If the given object is an element source the
Returns true if the given class should be skipped.
Gets the source object from a list of module classnames.
Entry point for the guice command line tool. This is the entry point for the gu
Pushes a new dependency onto the stack and returns the previous dependency.
Pushes the state of the given source object onto the state stack for the given key.
Returns an initializable instance that can be used as an initial value of the given object.
Provisions the dependency using the given provider. If the dependency is nullable the exception will be
Called when a connection event is received from a remote node. This method is called by the
Adds a connectioneventprocessor to the list of processors for the specified connectioneventtype.
Get the result of a runstaterecordedfuturetask.
Throw a throwable if it is a runtimeexception or an error. If it is an illegal
Register a remotingprocessor for a given commandcode.
Register a default remotingprocessor. The default processor will be called if no remotingprocessor
Returns the remotingprocessor for the given command code.
Try to get a URL from the parsed URLs map.
Decode a protocolcode from the given byte buffer.
Get all the connections in all the connection pools. This method will return a hashmap of
Scan all connections in the pool. If the connection pool is empty and the last time it
Get and create a new connection if it doesn t already exist.
Create a new connection and heal if need.
Remove a task from the connection pool.
This method is called when a connection pool needs to be healed. This method is called
Create a connection from the given URL and add it to the connection pool. If the connection
Close the connection to the given address. This will remove the connection from the connection manager.
This method is called when the connection is closed. This method is called when the connection is
Closes the connection. This method is called when the connection is closed.
Set the value of an attribute if it is not null. If the attribute does not exist
Register a userprocessor with the given concurrenthashmap. If the processor already
Register a multiinterest userprocessor with the given concurrenthashmap.
Dispatch a rpcrequestcommand to the userprocessor.
deserializes a rpcrequestcommand.
Preprocess the remoting context.
Log the timeout of a rpcrequest command. This method is called when a timeout occurs
Debug log for rpcrequest commands.
This method is called when a message is received from the remote node. It will execute the
Sends a remotingcommand to the remote peer.
Convert a bitset to a byte.
Convert an integer to a bitset.
Adds a reconnect task to the list of tasks to be executed when a connection is lost.
Creates a remoting command from the given request object and connection object.
Filters out connections that are on or off. This is used to filter out connections that are
close the fresh select connections and add it to the list of connections to be closed when the
Get a system property as a boolean or a default value if the property is not set.
Log a message at the INFO level. If the logger is enabled the message will be logged
isrequesttimeout returns true if the request timeout is greater than num_ or if the request
Returns the userprocessor for the given classname. If the classname is blank null is returned.
Get a random connection from the given list. If the list is empty or too many times
Returns the value associated with the given key. If no value is associated with the key the
Returns the value of the specified property or null if the property is not set.
resolves a responsecommand and returns a responseobject or throws a remotingexception if the
Converts a responsecommand to a response object.
Returns a throwable if the response is tothrowable or null if it is not.
detailerrmsg returns the detail message for the given client error code and the response message.
Creates an rpcserverexception from a throwable.
Print a connection trace log to the given logger.
Creates a new eventloopgroup with the specified number of threads using the specified thread factory.
Parse the remote address of the given channel.
Returns the local address of the given channel. If the channel is null returns an empty string
Returns the IP address of the remote host of the given channel or an empty string if the
Get the hostname of the remote host of the given channel.
Returns the parselocal ip of the given channel or an empty string if the channel is
Returns the port number of the remote socket.
Returns the parselocal port of the given channel or - 1 if the channel is null
Parse a socketaddress object to get the host IP address.
Adds a connection to the pool. If the connection is already in the pool it will be
Remove a connection from the pool and try to close it. If the connection is no longer
Register a custom serializer for a class. If a serializer with the same name already exists it
Returns the custom serializer for the given class name or null if no custom serializer is registered for
Register a custom serializer for the given command code. If a custom serializer is already registered this
Returns the custom serializer for the given command code or null if no custom serializer can be found
Returns true if the remote server is connected to the remote server with the given remote address.
Initialize the write buffer water mark.
Returns a framedataimpl1 object for the given opcode.
Write the next message in the outqueue to the websocket. If there are no more messages
Sets the HTTP status code.
Validate the UTF - 8 string payload.
Update the payload field of the message.
Checks if the handshakestate contains the requested protocol.
Checks the length of a single frame and throws an exception if the length is less than the
Checks that the real packet size is not larger than the maxpacketsize. If it is
Generate the final key for the given input string. The input string must not be null.
Process continuous and nonfin frames.
Process a single frame of binary data. This method is called when a message is received from
Log the runtime exception and call the websocket listener onwebsocketerror.
Process a single framedata frame.
process a single framedata frame. This method is called when a framedata is
This method is called when a new frame is received from the client. This method is called
Process a closing frame. This method is called when the connection is in a closed state.
Check if the buffer limit is exceeded. If so clear the bufferlist and throw an exception
Get the payload from the bytebufferlist.
Returns the total size of all the buffers in the bytebufferlist.
Translate a handshake line from an HTTP server into a WebSocket handshake builder. This is used to
Translate a HTTP client handshake line into an HTTP client handshake builder.
This method is called when a new message is received from the socket. This method is called
Close the connection due to an invalid handshake.
This method is called when a runtime exception occurs while writing a response to the client. It
generatehttpresponseduetoerror returns a bytebuffer with the given HTTP responsedueto error
Sends the given text to the client. The text will be sent to the client if the
Reset the connection. This method is called when the connection is closed or when the connection is
Connects to the server. This method is called when the server is connected to the server.
Returns the port of the connection. If no port is specified the default port is returned.
Sends the handshake to the engine.
Sets the connectionlosttimeout. If the timeout is less than the number of seconds then
Stop the connectionlost timer. This is called when the connection is closed or the timer
Start the connectionlost timer. This method is called when the websocket is closed or the
Restart the connectionlost timer. This timer is used to check if a connection has been
executes connectionlostdetection if the last ping time is less than the given minimum
Cancels the connectionlost timer.
This method is called when a client handshake is received from a websocket connection. It is called
Called when a websocket connection is established. Sends a PING frame to the client.
Stop the event loop and wait for it to finish.
Returns the port number of this connection. If the connection is listening on the local socket then
Read additional data from the input queue and add it to the input queue. If there is
Accept a new connection. This method is called when a new connection is made to the server
Take a buffer from the socket and put it into the inqueue. If the buffer is
dowrite is called when a selectionkey is ready to be read from a websocket.
Set up the selector and the server thread. This is called when the selector thread is started
doensures that the selector thread is not null and that the selector thread is the current
doservershutdown is called when the server shuts down. This is called when
Get the socket associated with the current selectionkey of the given websocket connection.
Broadcast the given data to all the given clients. The data must be a byte array.
Broadcast the given text to all the given clients. The text will be broadcast to all the
Broadcast data to all connected clients. If data is a string or bytebuffer it will be
Fill the draft frames with the given string and bytebuffer. If the draft has no frames
Transfer the contents of the source bytebuffer to the destination bytebuffer returning the number of bytes
Start the JPA API.
Returns an entity manager for the given name.
Executes the given consumer in a new transaction. The consumer will be executed in a new transaction
Convert an array of objects to a list of java objects using wrapargstol
Returns a list of the given arguments if they are not already a list of the same length
Get a string from the messages map with the given key and arguments. If the key does
Get the translation for the given keys with the given arguments. If the key does not exist
Returns true if the given key is defined in the given language.
Returns a new messages that are preferred for the given messages in the given collection. The candidates
Returns the preferred message for the given request.
Set the language of the given result.
Creates a new builder with the given guiceable modules bound to this builder.
Set the guice - able bindings for the given modules. The guice - able bindings
Set the bindings to be injected into the guiceable. The bindings will be injected into
Adds guiceable modules to be overridden by this builder. The modules must be guice
Sets the guice modules to override. The guice modules will override any guice modules
Sets the bindings to be overridden by the guiceable. The bindings will be applied to
Disable the given module classes in the context of this builder. The module classes will not be
This method is called when a request is completed. It is called when the request is completed
Get an existing file from the environment or null if the file does not exist.
Returns the binding of the underlying annotation in the given scope or null if the binding is not
Creates a new tuple with the given values.
Static factory method for creating a new 5 - element tuple.
Convert an executioncontext to an executor.
Creates a new JPA configuration with the specified name and persistence unit.
Creates a new jpaconfig instance with the given persistence units.
Creates a new JPA configuration from a map of persistence units.
A flow that converts a string into a bytestring and calls a callback with the result.
Create a flow that converts a JSON node into a bytestring and calls the given callback.
Adds a constraintvalidator for the given key. If the key already exists it will be replaced
Creates a new instance of the given class.
Get a matching accessible method from the given class with the given name and parameter types.
This method is called when a client error is received from the server. This method is called
Renders a bad request response.
This method is called when the user is not authorized to access the requested resource.
Renders a not found page with the given message.
Called when a server error occurs.
Log server error.
Create a new usefulexception for the given throwable.
Handle a devserver error.
Render a production server error page.
Creates a builddochandler from a list of files and a list of base
Creates a builddochandler from a directory.
Creates a builddochandler from a directory and a jar file.
Creates a builddochandler from a directory and a jar file.
Creates a builddochandler from a jar file.
Consumes the datastream and concatenates it with the given materializer. The mater
Creates an http entity from the given content. If the content is an XML entity the body
Parse a UTF - 8 string into an HTTP entity with the given character set.
Create a chunked entity from a source of bytestrings and optional content type.
Returns a JSON response with the given status code and content. The content is encoded as UTF
Sends a JSON response with the given status code and content. The content is expected to be
Returns a response with the given status code and content. The content is assumed to be a
Sends a HTTP response with the given status code and input stream.
Returns a response with the given status code and file content. The content is expected to be
Find a user by its id.
Returns the preferred language for the given collection of languages. The candidates are assumed to be sorted
Returns a new MVC call with the same parameters as this one but unique values are unique
Create a new MVC call with the given URL and fragment.
Returns the absolute URL of the given request including the scheme host and port.
Returns the websocket URL for the given request.
Creates a connection function that runs the given connectionrunnable and returns a boxedunit.
Creates a connection callable that invokes the given connectioncallable with the given connection as the source.
Creates a new server for the given mode and port with the given router function.
Convert an object to a JSON node.
Convert a JSON node to an object of the given class.
Parse a JSON string into a json node.
Parse the given input stream as a JSON tree and return the result as a JSON node.
Returns the relative path from startpath to targetpath.
Returns the canonical form of the given URL. This is the canonical form of the given URL
Convert a set of constraints to a list of displayable constraints.
Convert a constraint descriptor to a tuple that can be used as a displayable constraint.
Returns a completion stage that fires after the specified amount of time in the specified time unit.
Parse a cron expression and return the next valid date after it.
Get the next interval in the given cron expression for the given date. If the date is
Create a standalone ahcwsclient.
Creates a new guiceapplicationbuilder with the given application loader context.
Renders the todo page.
Stores a string value in the current session. This method is deprecated and will be removed in
Set a flash message. This method is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
Create a binding key that is qualified with the given annotation instance.
Returns a bindingkey that is qualified with the given annotation.
Creates a new binding to the given implementation.
Creates a new binding from this one to the given provider. The provider will be used to
Creates a new binding to the given instance using the underlying implementation of the given supplier.
Returns the binding with the given key.
Creates a new binding that is bound to the given provider class.
Returns a list of all available languages for the given application.
Returns the preferred language for the given list of available languages.
Creates a new evolutionsreader from a map of evolutions.
Creates a new evolutions reader with the given evolutions.
Clean up the database evolutions for the given database and schema. This is done by
Creates a new guiceapplicationbuilder using the given configuration loader function.
Load a guice application with a moduleloader. The loader is applied to the
Loads a guice application from the given modules.
Load the given modules into the guice application builder. The modules will be added to the
Load a guice application from one or more modules. The guice application will be built
Load a guice application with the given bindings.
Create a new guice application builder.
Encodes the given cookie into a cookie string. The cookie string must not be null.
Returns the entity manager. If there are no entity managers in the stack an exception is thrown
Returns a deque of entitymanagers for the current thread. If no threadlocalfallback is true
Push an entitymanager onto the stack. If the stack is empty throw an illegalstateexception
Apply a splitter to a flow and return a new flow that combines the input with the output
Returns a flow that bypasses the given splitter with the given mergestrategy.
Converts the error arguments into a list of objects. This method is used to convert the error
Returns a new form instance filled with the given value. If the value is null an exception
Returns a list of all validation errors that have been added to the validation result. This is
Get the errors as a json node.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Fill the dynamic form with the given map of values.
Parse the given text into an instance of the given class.
Parses the given text into an object of the given field. If the text is not a
Returns the string representation of the given object. If the object can be converted to a string
Prints the given typed object to the given field using the default type descriptor for the field.
Print a typed descriptor to a string. If the descriptor is null then the string is returned
Register a converter that converts strings to strings.
Register a simpleformatter for the given field type.
Encodes a cookie into a cookie string.
Select the nodes that match the given path from the given node. If no nodes match the
Convert a java. util. List to an immutable sequence.
Convert an array to an immutable sequence.
Construct an immutable sequence from an array of t.
Map web socket acceptor for JSON messages.
Returns a websocket that accepts the result of applying the given function to the incoming and outgoing streams
Get the promotion cost for a primitive class.
Returns the total transformation cost for the given source and destination parameters.
Get the transformation cost of an object between two given classes. The cost is the number of
Returns the localized message for the given key with the given arguments. If the key does not
Returns the value of the first occurrence of the given key in the given list of arguments.
Creates a new database from the given driver url and configuration.
Creates a parallelsorter for the given array of objects.
Sorts the elements in the list according to the comparator.
Sorts the elements in the specified range according to the natural ordering of the elements in the specified
Invoke the method with the given arguments on the given object. If the method throws an exception
Loads the argument at the given index from the current location in the function or method body.
Emits a field of the given type with the given name and type descriptor.
Push a zero or null to the stack.
Unbox a primitive type or zero it if it is not a primitive type.
Generates code for an array of the given type and calls the given callback for each element.
Compare two null variables.
Resolve all declarative bridges in the class loader to a hashmap.
Filter the constructors of the given class. The constructors are filtered according to the visibility predicate.
Sets the superclass of this class. If the superclass is the object class then null will be
Generates a public method that gets a field of the type specified by the names argument.
Adds a method to the list of exception types that should be thrown.
Returns the cardinality of this set.
Sets the naming policy to use. If the parameter is null the default naming policy will be
Finds all methods in the given method array that match the given namesanddescriptors.
Resolve a child path relative to a base path. If the child path starts with a file
Read a string from the given path.
Sets the host to use for this request. If the header already exists it will be overwritten
Create a new httprequest with the given method and destination.
Create a new HTTP connect request with the given destination.
Create a new HTTP GET request with the given destination.
Create a new POST request with the given destination.
Create a PUT request with the given destination.
Create a new PATCH request with the given destination.
Create a DELETE request with the given destination.
Create a new HEAD request with the given destination.
Create a new HTTP TRACE request with the given destination.
Create a new OPTIONS request with the given destination.
Set the path for this request.
Sets the HTTP request cookies.
Adds the specified query parameters to the current HTTP request.
Add a map of query parameters to the request.
Sets the query string for this request.
Returns the query string for this request.
Returns the host URL for this connection.
Sets the Basic Authentication header to be used for this request. The username and password can be
Set the host header for this request. This will overwrite any existing host header with the current
Override this method in order to provide a buffer to be sent to the client. This method
Remove a range of instructions from the given handler.
Returns the number of exception tablelength for the given exception handler.
Collect all action interceptors.
Collect all the action filters from the filters manager and create a sorted list of them.
Collect all action results from the results manager and add them to the results list.
Collect all the action runtimes in the system sorted by action path.
Set the value of a simple property. This method is called when a simple property is declared
Returns the value of the named property of the given object.
Extract this reference from a property name.
Returns a writer for writing to a character array.
Adds an object reference to the context.
Returns the object reference with the given name or null if there is no reference with the given
Look up an object by its reference. If the reference is not found an exception is thrown
Returns the disabled descriptor for the given tableref or null if the tableref is
Find a disabled descriptor by its columnref.
Returns the table alias for the given table name or null if the table does not exist.
registertablereference. Registerte la tablereference de la
Look up the entity descriptor for the given tableref. If the tableref is
Register a new hint. This hint can be used to provide additional information about the type of
Push a value onto the jsoncontext. If the value is null push it onto the json
Injects the servlet request attributes into the target objects.
Inject the servlet request parameters into the servlet request.
Inject uploaded files into the servlet request.
Converts a property name to a table name.
Converts a column name to a property name. If splitcamelcase is true the column name
Convert a column name to a property name.
Store a value in the prepared statement at the given index. The value is converted to the
Returns the value of t converted to destinationtype. If destinationtype is null returns t.
Returns a set containing all the objects in this map.
Resolves a wrapper class. The wrapper class will be created if it does not already exist.
Creates an instance of the given wrapper class. If the wrapper class already exists it is returned
Separates the given path with the system separator if it is on Windows or OS X.
Returns the path part of the given filename with the given number of separators added. If the
Splits a filename into the prefix path basename and extension.
Returns the relative path from the base path to the target path.
Registers a MADV - OC component.
Registers an action config consumer for the specified action config type. The consumer will be called when
This method is called at the beginning of the application. It is called when the application is
registermadvoccomponents - Registermadvoc container.
Exclude jars from scanning.
Include the given jars into the class scanner. The jars will be excluded from the scanner.
Include the given entries in the class scanner.
Exclude the specified entries from scanning.
Scan a jar file.
Scan the classpath for class files.
Returns the bytecodesignature of the given class.
Scan the given paths for class files and add them to the list of files to scan.
Scan all files in the current directory.
Create a new transaction with the given scope and active state.
Returns the default scope for the given class. If the class is null the default scope is
Returns the scope of the given type or null if none is found.
Create a new scope for the given scope type and invoke the given consumer with that scope.
Prepares a CSRF token for use in an HTTP request. The token will be stored in the
Assures that the token set is at least maxtokenspersession tokens.
Checks if the given value is a valid CSRF token in the given httpsession.
Create a new beancopy from the given source object.
Creates a copy of the beanutil bean.
Visit a property and set it to the destination object.
Initialise this entity with the given templatedata. The templatedata is used to
Returns the scope for the given type. If the scope does not exist it is created.
Register a petite bean.
Register a new bean definition with the bean manager. This method is called by the bean manager
Remove a bean of the given type from the bean registry.
Resolve a list of beans of a given type. If the list is empty an empty array
Register a petitector injection point.
Register a petite property injectionpoint.
Register a petiteset injectionpoint.
Register a new method injectionpoint for the given beanname and method name with the given arguments
Registers the specified init methods with the specified invocation strategy. The specified init methods will be called
Register a list of petited destroy methods for the specified bean.
Register a petite provider.
Register a petite provider for a static method of a given class.
For each bean of a certain type invoke the consumer with the bean s name.
Define parameters from a map of properties.
Intercepts an action request and prints its execution time. If an exception is thrown the exception
Resolves the javaversion of the given version. If the given version is greater than the
Push an int onto the stack.
Checks that the given argument index is valid. Throws an exception if it is not.
Creates an advice field name from a field name and an index.
Returns the advice method name.
Load the special arguments of a method. This is used to load the arguments of a method
Loads the static method arguments into the given method visitor.
Load virtual method arguments.
Load the argument at the given index in the given method and store it in the given visitor
Store the value of an argument of a method.
Preparer the return value of a method. This method is called before the return value of
Creates a signature key for a given access description and class name.
Generates a new array of the given type.
Stores the values of the given component type into the given method visitor. The method visitor is
Extract the encoding from a MIME type. If no encoding is found the default encoding is returned
Returns true if the given flags are empty. If the given flags are empty returns false.
Resolve the Authorization Bearer token from the given request.
Sets the WWW - Authenticate header and sends an unauthorized response with the given realm.
Prepares the response to download the given file into the given servlet response object.
Prepares a response with the given filename mimetype and filesize. If no mimetype is specified
Returns all the cookies with the given name in the given request as an array of cookies.
Reads the request body from the request reader.
Reads the request body from the request input stream.
Stores the context path in the page context and the servlet context in the request and servlet context
Store the context path in the servlet context.
Returns true if the given name is in the GET parameters of the given request.
Prepare a parameter array to be sent to a request. If treatemptyparamsas
copyparamstoattributes - Copies the servlet request parameters to the servlet request attributes.
Invoke a JSP fragment. This method is used to invoke the JSP fragment.
Renders the body of a JSP fragment into a char array.
Render a JSP fragment into a string.
Invoke all initmethods of the bean with the specified invocation strategy. If the invocation strategy is
Call all of the destroy methods of the bean.
Creates a new instance of the bean.
Injects parameters into the bean. This method is called when the bean is instantiated.
Rewrite the given actionpath with the given HTTP method and return the new actionpath.
Adds a header to the response. If the header already exists it will be replaced with the
Put a value into the propsentry map. If the map already contains a value for the
Adds a base property to the map. If the base property does not exist it will be
Adds a property to a profile. If the profile does not exist it will be created.
Get the value of a property for a given profile.
Returns the resolvemacros for the given value.
Extract profiles into target map. If target map is null a new map is created.
Stream the data up to the next bit and return the result as an integer.
Hash a password using the given salt.
Checks if the plaintext password matches the hashed password. If the plaintext password matches the hashed password
Copy all bytes from the input stream to the outputstream.
Copy maxbytes bytes from the inputstream to the outputstream. Returns the number of bytes
Parse an action runtime from the given action method and actiondefinition.
Resolve the action config for the given action annotationvalues.
Detect and register an action alias for the given actiondefinition and annotationvalues.
Returns the action interceptors for the given action method or null if there are no interceptors.
Read action filters from an action method.
Read the package action path from the given action class.
Read method action path from annotation values and action config.
Parse the method alias from the action annotationvalues.
Create a new action runtime instance.
Update the response with the last modified date if it is greater than or equal to the request
Applies an advice to the target class. If the target class is not in the cache it
Injects the target object into the proxy. The target object must be an instance of the
Visit an annotation. This method is called by the annotation visitor when an annotation is found.
Get the real name for the given jsonname. If the jsonname is not in the
Resolve a real name to its corresponding JSON name.
Looks up the typedata for the given class.
Looks up the typedata for the given type.
Find subclasstypedata.
Resolve the JSON name for the given type and name. If the type is not found the
Resolve a JSON name for the given type and JSON name. If the type does not exist
Returns the content of the file. If the file is a temporary file the content of the
Copy the bootstrapmethods from the classreader to the charbuffer.
Sets the majorversion and classname and returns the index of the newly added class.
Puts the constant pool into the given bytevector.
Puts the bootstrap methods into the given byte vector.
Add a field reference to a class member.
Add a constant method reference to a class or interface.
Adds a member reference to the constant pool. If the constant is already in the constant pool
Adds a constant member reference to the constant pool.
Adds a constant integer or float to the constant pool.
Adds a constant integer or float to the hash table.
Adds a constant longordouble to the constant pool. If the constant pool already contains
Adds a constant long ordinary value to the hash table.
Adds a constant to the constant pool and returns its index.
Adds a constant name and type to the symbol table.
Adds a UTF - 8 string symbol to the constant pool and returns its index.
Adds a constant UTF - 8 value to the symbol table.
Adds a constant method handle entry to the symbol table.
Add a constant with a dynamic reference to a method. The method will be called by the
Add a constant that invokes a dynamic or dynamic method with the given name descriptor and bootstrapmethod
Adds a dynamic or invokedynamic reference to the constant pool.
Adds a constant dynamic or invokedynamic reference to the constant pool.
Adds a new symbol to the constant pool if it does not already exist in the constant pool
Adds a constant UTF - 8 reference.
Add a bootstrap method to the symbol.
Add a merged type to the list of merged types. This is used to add the merged
Returns a hash value for the given name.
Removes all entries from the multimap.
Returns a list of all the values for the given key.
Returns an iterator over the entries in this list.
Returns a list of all the entries in this map.
Increases the capacity of the buffer if it is smaller than the given minimum capacity.
Append a range of characters from a character sequence to this buffer.
Visit an annotation. This method is called by the annotation visitor when an annotation is found.
Visit the end of the chain. This method is called when the end of the chain is
This method is called at the beginning of the chain. It is called at the beginning of
Create a continue statement for the first chain delegate of a target method. The continue statement is
Parse a path string into a path object.
Pushes a field onto the end of the path.
Configures the servlet context. This method is called when the servlet context is started.
Execute the proxy target method.
Returns an array of all the fielddescriptors in the fieldsmap sorted by field name
Create a new beandefinition for the given type. If the proxetta has been configured
ConverttoDBmode converts a jtxtransactionmode to a dbtransactionmode.
Read a property from the source object. If the property has a getter it will be invoked
Puts all of the elements in the given map into this map.
Append a buffer to the end of the list.
Writes the contents of the list to the given writer.
Writes the contents of the list to the given outputstream.
Writes the response to the given outputstream.
Returns the string value associated with the given key or null if the key does not exist.
Returns the integer value associated with the given key or null if the key does not exist.
Returns the value of the specified key as a long or null if the key does not exist
Returns the value of the specified key as a double or null if the key does not exist
Returns the float value for the given key or null if the key does not exist.
Get the value associated with the given key. If the value is a map or a list
Adds a key - value pair to the JSON object.
Use the specified folder. The folder will be opened when this method is called.
Receives a list of messages that match the given filter. If the filter is null then
Update the flags for the given message.
Closes a folder if it is opened.
Look up a named parameter in the dbquery.
Validate this action against a list of profiles.
Add a violation to the validator.
Sets the MIME type of the raw data.
Sets the filename of the file to be downloaded and the mimetype of the file to be downloaded
Sets the target inputstream. The target class and classname will be set to null.
Sets the target class name and inputstream. If the target is not defined an exception is
Sets the target class and classname. The target class will be read from the input stream.
This method is called when the target inputstream is null. If the target inputstream is
Creates the class and returns the byte array of the generated class. If the proxy is not
Creates a new instance of the class represented by this class descriptor.
Writes the given byte array to the class file in the debug folder.
Sets the sender of the email.
Sets the to address.
Adds a PersonalName and a To address to the email.
Set the reply - to addresses for the message.
Sets the CC addresses.
Sends a plain text message with the given text and encoding.
Create a new email message with the given HTML content.
Adds a header to the response.
Returns the value of a system property or the default value if the property is not set.
Returns the boolean value for the given name. If the name does not exist it returns the
Returns the value of the given parameter as an integer or the given default value if the parameter
Returns the long value for the given name. If the name does not exist or the value
Returns the resolved parameters of the method. This method will throw a paramoexception if the
Serializes a key - value pair into a JSON key - value pair. If the value is
Lookup the action path for the given alias. If the alias is not found the action path
Resolve the alias for the given string.
Returns the path to the result of resolving the given value. If the value is null the
Resolve the alias for the given path and value. The alias will be the alias of the
Returns the last index of the last occurrence of a slash or dot in a string.
Returns the index of the last occurrence of a dot in a string after the last slash.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of a dot in a string after the last slash.
Resolves the schema name for the given type. If the type is not annotated with a db
Resolve the column descriptors for the given entity descriptor and property descriptor. The column descriptors will be
Initialize the hash table with a new key and a new tweak.
Mixes the j - th point with the d - th point in the depth - of
Perform a DEMix on a given depth of d. This is done by XORing
Schedule a number of keys to be rescheduled in the next iteration of the scheduler.
Initializes the hash table with the given keymessage and tweaks.
Encrypt a block of data at a specific offset in a given block of data.
Returns an array of long values from the given byte array at the given offset and size.
Removes any bounding between s and e from the given string. If the string is null
Returns the path to the target method.
Compresses a file using a ZLIB.
Create a gzipped version of the given file. If the file is a directory it will
Ungzips a gzipped file.
Returns a list of all the entries in the given ZIP file.
Unzips the given zip file into the given destination directory.
Adds a file to a ZIP archive.
Adds a byte array to a ZIP archive.
Returns the fielddescriptor for the field with the given name. If the field is
Returns the property descriptor with the given name if it is declared or null if it is not
Sets the bundle name of the servlet request.
Sets the session locale.
Returns the locale of the given session.
Returns the list of parameters that should be resolved for the given beanname. If resolvere
Add one or more profiles to the list of profiles to add to the propsentries.
Get a little endian long from a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Read data from the inputstream and return it as a byte array. If the inputstream
Read a label at a given offset. Creates a new label if it doesn t exist.
Get the bytecode offset of a type annotation.
Read the bootstrapmethodsattribute from the file and return it as an array of integers.
Inspects the declared constructors of the class and creates a ctordescriptor for each one.
Returns the ctordescriptor for the given arguments. If no ctordescriptor is found null
Gets the request map from the servlet request attribute.
Creates a hashmap for the request attribute.
Convert an array to a long array.
Initialize the servlet with the given filterconfig. This method is called when the servlet is initialized
Search for a file in the file system and add it to the list of search paths.
Search for a file in the container and add it to the list of paths to search for
Adds a pattern to the list of patterns to be included in the find file.
Exclude files that match the given patterns.
Adds a path to the list of paths.
Returns a list of all the files in the archive.
Initializes the scanner. This method is called at the beginning of the scanner. It is called
Returns an iterator over the file objects in the file list.
Resolve bean wiring mode.
Resolve the bean name for the given type. If the type has a petitebean
Returns a writer that writes to the output stream. The writer will be closed after this method
Returns the outputstream for this request. The outputstream is a byte array that can be
Returns a string representation of the class name of this array element.
Gets the constructor descriptor for the given constructor. The descriptor includes the constructor s parameter types.
Returns the method descriptor for the given return and argument types.
Gets the method descriptor for the given method.
Appends the descriptor to the given stringbuilder.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Returns the number of arguments and returnsizes for the given method descriptor.
Sets the exception to be thrown when the transaction is rolled back only. If the transaction is
Commits or rolls back all resources. If docommit is true commits all resources otherwise
Rolls back all the resources in the list of resources.
Request a resource of the given type. If the resource does not exist a new one will
Pops the current name off the stack and writes it to the output stream.
Writes a string to the output stream.
Writes the Unicode code point c to the output stream.
Write a character sequence to the JSON output stream.
Sets the parsing error log level.
Sets the start and end of a region of a tag.
Returns true if the value is containing the include string.
Register a pseudofunction.
Lookup a pseudofunction by name.
This method is called when a new method is found in the source file. It is called
Visit an annotation. This method is called by the underlying annotation visitor when an annotation is found
Make a static initializer block.
Generates the proxy constructor.
Process the supertypes of the target class.
Returns the index of the last element in the range [ low high ) or - 1 if
Adds the prefix and suffix to the given string. If the string is not enabled returns the
Replace the ASM minstructions in the given class file with the actual ASM instructions
Get the attribute prototypes from the first attribute to the next method or the first field
Registers a new SQL type with the registry.
Looks up the SQL type for the given class or interface. If the class is not found
Returns the SQL type object for the given SQL type class creating it if it doesn t exist
Create a proxyinfo object for SOCKS - 4.
Create a proxyinfo object for SOCKS5.
Creates a new proxyinfo object with the HTTP proxy settings.
Returns the total number of thread transactions currently in the thread stack.
Returns the total number of thread transactions with the given status.
Adds a transaction to the transaction stack. This method is called when a transaction is added to
Continuetx. Checks if the source and destination transaction modes are the same. If
Lookup the resource manager for the given resource type.
Create a proxy object for the given target class.
Append a method name to the path.
Aligns the left and pads the given text to the given size.
Converts a string into a camel cased version of the input string. If the input string
Format a string into a paragraph of the given length. If breakonwhitespace is true the
Converttabstospaces a line of text with tabwidth spaces.
Escapes the given string for use in Java code.
Unescapes a Java string.
Get a bean of the given type.
Get a bean by its name.
Initialize the beandefinition.
Invoke a provider.
Add a bean to the bean manager. The bean will be added to the bean manager.
Sets the value of a bean property. If the bean does not exist it is created.
Get the value of a bean property.
Shuts down this bean manager. This method is called when the bean manager is no longer
Resolve the parameters of a method or constructor.
This method is called after the body tag has been parsed. This method is called after the
Get the value of the property as a string. If the property has a macro it will
This method is called at the end of a tag. It is called at the end of
Creates an element node for the given tag.
Remove the last child of the given parent node if it s empty text.
Get the query string. The query string is the sqltemplate + str_ + num_
Gets the classname of the action.
Calculates the number of elements to move from a given index to a given size.
Replaces all occurrences of sub with with with.
Returns a copy of the string s with all occurrences of sub replaced with with.
Returns a copy of the string s with all occurrences of the characters in sub replaced with with
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with.
Returns a copy of the string s with the first occurrence of sub replaced with with.
Replaces the last occurrence of sub with with and returns s.
Replaces the last occurrence of sub with with in the string s.
Returns a copy of the string s with the first occurrence of the specified substring removed.
Removes the first occurrence of the specified character from the specified string. If the specified string is
Returns true if at least one of the strings in the array is a non - empty string
Returns true if all of the strings in the array are blank.
Convert an object to an array of strings.
Changes the first character of a string to upper case or to lower case.
Returns a copy of the given string with all the letters capitalized and lower - cased
Returns a copy of the string s with all of the characters that are equal to c.
Returns true if the source string starts with the substring subs starting at the specified index.
Returns true if the string ends with the specified character.
Count the number of occurrences of sub in source ignoring case.
Returns true if the two strings are equal ignoring case.
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character in the specified range of the specified string
Removes the first occurrence of the specified character from the specified string if it is equal to the
Strips the trailing character from the end of the string if it is the specified character.
Removes the first occurrence of the specified character from the beginning and end of the specified string.
Striptochar returns the substring of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified
Strips the first occurrence of the specified character from the specified string.
Crop all the given strings.
Removes all whitespace from the beginning of the string.
Remove whitespace from the end of a string.
Returns the index of the specified region of the specified string starting at the specified offset.
Join the given collection with the given separator. If the collection is empty returns an empty string
Joins an array of objects into a string using the specified separator. If the array is null
Convert charset from srccharsetname to newcharsetname. If srccharsetname equals newcharset
Returns true if the character at the specified index is equal to the specified chartocompare character
Surround the given string with the given prefix and suffix if it does not already exist.
Adds a prefix to a string if it does not already exist.
Adds a suffix to a string if it does not already exist.
Cut to the first occurrence of a substring in a string.
Cut the string from the first occurrence of the given substring.
Cut the prefix from the beginning of a string.
Cut the suffix from the end of the string. If the string does not end with the
Returns the substring of the given string that starts with the given prefix and ends with the given
Inserts the specified string at the specified offset. If the offset is greater than the length of
Repeats the given string by the given number of times and returns the resulting string.
Reverses the order of the characters in the given string.
Returns the longest common prefix between two strings.
Finds the common prefix of the given strings. The common prefix is the first character in the
Shortens a string to a given length. If the string is longer than the given length
Returns a copy of the string s with all upper case characters converted to upper case.
Removes all quotes from a string. If the string does not start or end with a quote
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Get a byte array from the given string.
Detects the quote character of the given string.
Visit an enum.
Visit an annotation.
Register a new entity type. If the type already exists it will be replaced. If the
Register an entity with the database. If the force flag is true the entity will be removed
Remove an entity from the database. If the entity doesn t exist it will be created.
Creates an entity instance of the given type.
Set the target interface of the proxy factory. This method will throw an exception if the target
Injects target object into wrapper object using target field name as target field name in wrapper object
Lookup all annotated properties for a given type.
Detects a database and configures it using the given connection provider and dboom configuration.
Closes the output stream. The output stream will be closed after this method returns.
Writes a single byte to the output stream.
Invalidate the session if the request has a session id from the URL. If the request has
Get the encoded name of the file. If the name is null null will be returned.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array.
Writes the source file to the destination file. The source file will be closed when done.
Writes the inputstream to the outputstream. The outputstream is closed after this method returns
Appends the argument type to the end of the argument description.
Prepends the argument type to the end of the argument description.
Changer returns the type of the given type in the given descriptor. The type is the
Sets the text of this field to the given text. If the text is whitespace it will
Register a converter for a given type.
Lookup a converter for a given type.
Select nodes that match the given CSS selector.
Apply the selector scollection to a list of nodes and return a list of nodes.
Process the given selectors and add the resulting nodes to the given list of results.
Returns the first node that matches the given query or null if there are no nodes.
Walks down the nodes in the linked list and adds the results to the result list.
This method walks the tree of nodes and adds them to the list of result nodes.
Add a selector to the result list.
Unpacks a string into a char array.
refills the buffer if it is null. If it is the last char in the
Returns a page of objects from the database. The page size is the number of objects to
Removes the SELECT clause from the given SQL query.
Removes all occurrences of the first occurrence of a case insensitive character from the given SQL string.
removelastorderby removes the order by clause from the end of the given SQL string
Decodes the given HTML string and returns the result as a new string. If the HTML string
Returns the last name found in the input starting at index ndx or null if the input
Build the ORDER BY clause for the given SQL statement column and ascending flag.
Build the pagesql from the given sql and from the given from and pagesize.
Resolve the column descriptors and the properties of the given type. The column descriptors are sorted by
Find a column descriptor by its column name.
Find a column descriptor by its property name.
Returns the property name for the given column name or null if the column does not exist.
Returns the columnname for the given property name or null if there is no such property.
Returns the value of the id property of the specified object.
Sets the value of the id property of the given object.
Returns the key value for the given object. The key value is the name of the type
Appends a string to the end of the string band. If the string is null the string
Sets the index of the array to a new index. If the new index is greater than
Expands the capacity of the internal array. This is done by copying the contents of the
Calculates the total length of all the elements in the array.
Create a mixing message from the target beandefinition and the reference beandefinition.
Create a proxy bean for the given refbeandefinition. If the refbeandefinition is not
Initialize the map from the files in the directory to the last modified time of each file.
Returns true if the given file is a file and false if it s not a file.
Sets the watchfile to the given file name. If the file does not exist it will
Starts polling for the specified number of seconds.
Called when a file or directory changes are detected.
Adds an enumeration to this enumeration set.
Compute the size of the field infos array.
Puts the field information into the given bytevector. This is only used for version 1.
Creates a new instance of the target class with the given value and scopedata.
Writes a property value to the target object using the given injectionpoint. The property value is
Decorate the given page content with the given writer. The page content is assumed to be
Parse the content of a page into an array of decoratags using the lagartop
Write the decorated page to the given writer. This method is called when a page has been
Writes the content of a page tag to a writer.
Starts the server. This method will block until the server is ready to accept new connections.
Run a process and return its result.
Creates a new imapsslstore instance.
Create a gzip outputstream for this response. The stream will be closed after this method returns
Initializes the template with the given templatedata. The templatedata will be updated with
Append the column name to the query.
Adds a new rule definition to the list of rules. If the rule definition already exists it
Applies the rules to the given value and returns true if the value should be included in the
Check if the value should be included in the result. If it should be included in the
Returns true if the given value should be included in the result.
Returns the class name without the package name. The class name is converted to lower - case
Adds all elements in the specified collection to the end of this set.
Finds the insertion point of an element in the sorted set.
Binds a new action configuration for an annotation type.
Create and register a new action configuration for the given action configuration class.
Lookup an action config by its annotation type. If no action config is found an exception is
Register an action config with the given consumer. The consumer will be called with the action config
Setup the system mail properties. This is done by setting the mailmimeencodefilename and mail
Validates the given value against this field. This method will throw an exception if the field is
Finds the last table node in the tree.
Fixes the elements of the foster.
Registers the session beans in the https session and returns a map of the bean names to be
Get the map of the session beans in the given httpsession. If the session is not
Initializes this class with the given name supername suffix and reqproxyclassname.
Adds an advice init method to the list of advice init methods. This method will be called
This method is called at the end of the execution of the action. It registers the bundle
Adds a new value to the given section with the given key and value using the given trim
Adds a value to the profile list if it doesn t already exist.
Adds a string value to the hashmap using the given operator. If the operator is copy
Convert a typedesc to a class name.
Convert a type reference description to a type name.
Returns the type name for the given class.
Add all of the given consumers to the end of this consumer list.
Creates a new collection of the given length.
Converttosingleelementcollection. This method creates a collection of the same size as
Convert a value to a collection of types.
Convert a collection of types into a collection of types. The type of the returned collection is
Adds a line number to the current line number. If the current line number is the same
Visit this label and visit its linenumber and other linenumbers if visitlinenumbers
Puts the instruction at the given offset into the given byte vector.
Adds a forward reference for the given type and handle to the list of forward references.
Mark the given subroutine as being executed.
Compares two strings and returns an array of the number of characters that are less than or equal
Fixes the accent of a given character.
Puts a single byte into the byte vector.
Puts a 2 - byte value into the byte vector.
Puts a short value into the byte vector.
Puts a 12 - bit integer into the byte vector.
Put 1 2 3 or 4 bytes into the byte vector.
Puts an int value into the buffer.
Puts a 2 - byte integer into the byte vector.
Puts a long value into the end of the byte vector.
Puts a byte array into the byte vector.
Enlarges the internal buffer by the given size.
Authenticates the user via the HTTP session.
Authenticate userviatoken.
Authenticates the user via HTTPviabasicauth. Returns null if authentication fails.
Find the default message for the given key.
Gets the bundle for the given name and locale using the given class loader.
Returns the element at the given index in the given array or null if there is no element
Sets the id value of the given entity descriptor to the given new id value.
Save the given entity to the database. If the entity already exists it will be replaced.
Update the given entity in the database. If the entity does not exist it will be created
Update the property of the given entity with the given name to the given newvalue.
Update the property of the given entity with the value of the given property. If the property
Find an entity of the given entity type with the given id.
Find one entity by property value. If no entity is found null is returned.
Find one entity matching the given criteria. If no entity is found an empty result is returned
Delete an entity of the given type and id. If the entity does not exist it will
Delete an entity from the database by ID. If the entity does not exist it will be
Count the number of entities of the given type.
Increases the value of a property of an entity by a given delta. If the property
Decreases the value of a property of an entity by a given delta.
Find all entities that are related to the given object.
List all entities of the given class.
Removes all of the attributes from the file.
Returns a set of all the attributes in this hashmap.
Sets the value of the specified key to the specified value and returns the previous value.
Remove the value associated with the specified key. If there are no values associated with the key
Returns the current stack trace as an array of stacktraceelements. If the current stack trace is
Get the stack trace of a throwable. If the exception has a classname that matches one of
Get a chain of stacktrace elements from a throwable. The first element in the chain is the
Get the exception chain of the given throwable.
Returns a string representation of an exception s stack trace as a string.
Returns a string representation of the throwable.
Build a message from a throwable and a message.
Unwrapthrowable returns the unwrapped throwable. If the wrapped throwable is an invocation
Register a class scanner as a consumer to accept action class or madvoc component classes.
Adds a component class to the MADVOC container. If the component class is not
Returns the system classloader. If the current thread is not a security manager the system classloader is
Get the contents of a resource as an inputstream.
Get a resource as an inputstream using the specified classloader and usecache. If the resource
Get an inputstream for the given class. The stream will be closed after this method returns
Get an inputstream for the given classname using the given class loader.
Add a new routechunk to this routechunk. The new routechunk will be added to
Finds or creates a child chunk with the given value.
Parse the request and put the parameters into the request object. This method is called by the
Converttocollect a value to a destination type and a component type.
Invokes a setter on the given value.
Sets the value in the array at the specified index. If the index is out of bounds
Create a new instance of a bean property.
Extract the type of the property. If the property has a getter that is declared then the
Remove the authentication session from the servlet request and add it to the servlet response.
This method is called when the HTTP servlet request is started. This method is called by the
Convert a local date to a date object.
Converts a local date time to a calendar using the system default time zone.
Define a proxy class.
Adds a check to the list. If the list does not yet exist it will be created
Resolve the validation context for the given class.
Add all checks for the given class. The checks will be applied to all properties of the
Collect all annotation checks for a given property.
Collect all annotation checks.
Copy the default check properties from the annotation to the destcheck.
Encodes the source string using the given encoding and uripart and returns the result as a new
Encodes the given string using the given encoding and returns the result as a new string.
Encodes the given scheme with the given encoding.
Encodes the given host with the given encoding.
Encodes the given port with the given encoding.
Encodes the given path with the given encoding.
Encodes the given query string with the given encoding.
Encodes the given query parameter with the given encoding.
Encodes the given fragment with the given encoding and returns the result as a new string.
Inspects the properties of this class and returns a hashmap of the names of the properties
Returns an array of all property descriptors sorted by name.
Returns an array of all the cookies in the response.
Unzips the response body if the content encoding is the same as the response header.
Close the HTTP connection associated with this request.
Returns true if the referencescope is a subclass of the protoscope.
Encrypts the given content. The content is assumed to have the same length as the input
Decrypts the given encrypted content and returns the decrypted content as a byte array.
Map to bean.
Converts a list of objects into a list of objects of the given componenttype.
Sets the value of the given property descriptor to the given value. If the value is null
Generate a map of the given key type and value type if the key type is string.
Compares two dbentitycolumndescriptor objects and returns - 1 0 or + 1 depending on whether
Adds a default header to the browser.
Sends a request to the server and returns the response.
Sends a request to the server. If keepalive is enabled the request will be opened with a
Adds the default headers to the HTTP request if they are not already present.
Read the cookies from the given HTTP response and add them to the cookies map.
Add cookies to the given HTTP request.
Sends an e - mail to all recipients of the given email. Returns the message id.
Sets the subject of the given email with the given message to the given msgtoset.
Sets the sentdate of the given email with the given message to the given msgtoset
Set the headers from the given email with the given message to the given msgtoset.
Sets the from replyto and recipients for the given email.
Sets the recipients for the given email with the given msgtoset.
Adds the body data to the email with the given msgtoset. The msgtoset
Sets the content of the given emailmessage to the given parttoset.
Creates a mimebodypart object from an emailattachment.
Gets the content - type from the given data - header.
Adds a resultset to the hashset. If the hashset does not yet exist it will
Close all the result sets in the current query. This is a no - op if there
Closes the current query and releases any resources associated with it. This method should only be called
Close the query and release any resources associated with it. This method is called when the query
Sets the number of rows to fetch from the current row of the result set.
Sets the maximum number of rows in the result set.
Execute the update query.
Execute the query and return the number of times it took to execute the query.
Returns the generated columns in the result set. The result set will contain the keys of the
Get the query string for this statement. If debug mode is enabled the query string is returned
Creates a proxy of the given target object. The target object must be an instance of the
Creates a collection from the elements of the given iterator.
Construct a stream from an iterator.
Compares two objects according to the comparators defined in this Comparators.
Set the default wiringmode.
Print a message at the specified level with the current time and the caller class name.
Returns the caller s class name including the method name and line number. The caller s class
Shortens the class name. This method is used to shorten the class name by removing the
Set the types to exclude from serialization. This is used to exclude objects of the specified types
Serializes the given object to the given appendable. The target appendable will be appended to the JSON
Serializes the given object into a string.
Clones a serializable object into a new object. This method is intended to be used by
Write an object to a file.
Reads an object from the given file.
Convert an object to a byte array.
Convert a byte array to an object.
resolvemappedtypestablenames returns the names of the mapped types in the
Create an array of table names for the given types.
read the value of a column.
caches the result set entities into the cache. This method is called when the cache is
Resolve the provider definitions for the given type and name.
Convert a table name to an entity name.
Returns true if the connection is valid or false if it is not valid. If the connection
Renders the specified view to the specified target. If the target is not found an error is
Locate the target for the given path. If the target does not exist null is returned
Returns a printwriter for this response.
Returns the outputstream of the response.
Writes the content to the response. If the response is using a stream the content will be
Sets the content - type of the response. If the content - type header cannot be resolved
Print a string to the output stream.
Logs in the user with the given token. If no token is found a 401 error is
Convert the authtoken to a json object.
Login via HTTPviabasicauth. This method will attempt to resolve the username and password
Convert a URL to a container file.
Creates a directory if it does not already exist. If it does exist it will be created
Creates a directory if it doesn t already exist. If the directory already exists it will be
Copies a file or directory to a destination. If the destination does not exist or is a
Copies the contents of the source directory to the destination directory. The destination directory must exist.
Move file from srcfile to destdir.
Move a directory from srcdest to destdir. If destdir doesn t exist it will
Delete all files in a directory and all sub - directories. If destdir is a directory
Read all UTF - 8 characters from the given file.
Reads the contents of a file into an array of characters using the specified encoding.
Writes the contents of the char array to the file specified by the dest file. The data
Writes a string to a file. The file will be created if it does not exist.
Appends a string to a file. The file will be created if it does not already exist
Read a number of bytes from a file and return them as a byte array.
Writes a byte array to a file. The data is shifted by off and len bytes.
Appends the contents of a byte array to the end of a file.
Copies the source file to the destination file. If the destination is a directory the source file
Delete a file or directory. If the destination is a file it will be deleted. If
Creates a temporary file with the given prefix and suffix. The temporary file will be deleted and
Returns true if the given file is a binary file. If the file is a binary file
Checks if srcdir is a directory and if it is copies from destdir to srcdir
Checks that the source file is a file and that the destination file is a directory.
Prints the usage for the given command name.
Returns the action method for the given action class and method name. If the method is not
Register an action in the action runtime with the given actionclass actionmethodname and actiondefinition
Registers an alias for the given path. If the alias already exists an exception is thrown.
Moves the iterator to the next item in the iteration.
Creates a new chararraysequence from the specified char array starting at the specified offset and length
Execute the proxy. This method will execute the proxy and return the result of the proxy.
Returns true if the input matches the upper case of the target char array false otherwise.
Returns a sequence of characters from the input starting from the given index to the given index.
Returns a list of URLs for the given class. If the given classloader is null the classpath
Sets the BCC addresses for the email.
Register a new serializer for a given type.
Looks up a serializer for a given type.
Parse a multipart request from an inputstream. The inputstream is expected to be a stream
Returns the value of the request parameter with the given name or null if there is no such
Returns the values of the request parameter with the given name or null if there is no value
Returns the value of the request parameter with the given name or null if there is no value
Returns a request parameter as an array of fileupload objects. If the parameter is not present
Initializes this filter with the given filter configuration. This method is called when the filter configuration is
Parse the given template into the given SQL builder.
Find the end of a macro in a string.
Count the number of escape characters in the template starting at the given macroindex.
Build a query string from a multimap of query parameters.
Parse the given query string and return a map of the query parameters and values.
Prepare header parameter name.
Extract the MIME type from a MIME type string.
Write the given node to the given appendable. The node visitor will be called to render the
Render the given node as an inner HTML string.
Configures this MADOC with a servlet context. The servlet context is used to configure the
Resets the state of this object to its initial state. This method is called when the object
Sets whether or not the JSON parser should be lazy - loaded. If true the parser will
Replace the target class with the mapped type for the path.
Parses a JSON string into a list of objects of the given type.
Parse a JSON string into a map of the specified types.
Resolve the value if it is a supplier and return it. Otherwise return the original value.
Skips the next object in the input.
Parses a quoted string and returns it.
Parse the content of a quoted string and return the result as a new string.
Parse a unicode character from the input buffer.
Parse the content of an unquoted string and return the result as a new string.
Parse a number from the input.
Parse an array content.
Creates an empty constructor.
Creates a simple method wrapper for the given method signature. The method wrapper is created using the
Resolve a qualified type name. This is the name of the type that should be resolved.
Resolve a reference from a property value.
Resolve a set of references from a method s parameter values. The method s parameter types must
Read all references from an annotation on a method or class.
Build the default references for the given executable.
Build the default reference for the given property descriptor.
Remove all duplicate bean names from the given array of bean references.
Converts a string array of references to a list of beanreferences.
Convert an annotation value to a list of beanreferences.
Run joddjoy with a jtxmanager and invoke consumer with joddjoy
Find a method in a class that matches the given method name. If the method is found
Find a constructor that can be assigned to the given parameter types.
Resolve all interfaces of the given type.
Compares two class arrays for equality and returns true if they are the same or false if they
Force an object to be accessible. If the current user is a privileged user it will
Creates an instance of the given class with the given parameters.
Get the superclasses of the given class.
Returns the child class of the given class or null if the given object is not an instance
Returns the jarfile of the given class or null if the class is not a jarfile
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds. If an interrupt occurs the current thread will be interrupted
Suspends the current thread. If an interrupt occurs the current thread will be interrupted.
Wait for the given object to be done. If the object is interrupted the thread is interrupted
Creates a thread factory that creates a new daemon thread with the given name and priority.
Returns the value of the supplier. If the supplier is not initialized this method returns null.
Visits a parameter.
Visit an annotation. This method is called by the annotation visitor when an annotation is found.
Visit a field instruction. This is called by the visitor when a field instruction is encountered.
Visit a method instruction.
Visit a method invoked by a bootstrap method. This method is called by the visitor when a
Visits a jump instruction with a given label. This method is called when a jump instruction is
Visit a multianewarrayinsn descriptor and number of dimensions.
Visits a try catch block.
Converttowriter writes the base and profile properties to the given writer.
Copy the input stream into a new outputstream. The outputstream will be filled with the
Moves the cursor to the next element in the list. If the list is not entity aware
Moves the cursor to the end of the text if the cursor is at the end of the
Joins the given arrays into a single array of the same component type. The resulting array will
Joins the given arrays into a new array of the given component type. The resulting array will
Resizes a buffer to a new size and copies the contents of the buffer into it.
Appends a new element to the end of the array.
Removes the specified component from the specified buffer starting at the specified offset with the specified length.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified value in the specified array or - 1
Returns the index of the given value in the given array or - 1 if the value is
Returns the index of the first occurrence of sub in array starting at index startindex.
Enable XHTML mode for the lagartodom builder. This mode is disabled by default.
Parse the given content into an XML document.
Doparse the lagartoparser and return the document.
computes the maximum stack and local size of the current stack and the local size of the
endcurrentbasicblockwithnosuccessor is called at the end of the basic block.
Collect the attribute prototypes.
Injects the given object in the context of the target object. The target object will be
Register a pseudoclass.
Look up a pseudoclass by its name.
Invoke the given action request asynchronously. This method will block until the action request is complete.
Get the names of all the bean properties of the given type.
Visit all properties in the source object.
Returns true if the given property name matches the given rule. If the property name does not
Resolves the injection points for the given class.
Read the specified parameters from the filter configuration into the target object.
Send the bundlefile to the servlet response.
Looks up a bundlefile by its bundleid. If the bundleid is referenced in the
Look up the gzip bundle file for the given file. If the bundle file does not exist
Register a new bundle. If the bundle already exists it will be replaced. If the bundle
Create a new digest for the given source.
Creates a new bundle file if it does not already exist. If the bundle already exists it
Delete all the files in the staplerpath. This is done by deleting all the files
Fix relative URLs in a CSS file.
Update the value of the specified column in the specified entity to the value of the specified column
Creates a unique name for the given entity. If the entity is of the same type as
Get the dbsession for the current transaction. If the current transaction is not active an exception
Converttosingleelementarray. This method converts the given object into an array of
Returns a hashmap that maps the generic name of the type parameter to the name of the
Resolves the set injection points for the given class.
Returns true if the given property type should be included or excluded from the JSON serialization.
Open a new connection to the database for the current transaction. If the connection is already open
Sets the autocommit mode and the read - only mode for the current transaction.
This method is called when the transaction is about to be closed. It sets the autocommit
Commits the current transaction. The current transaction will be committed to the database. The current transaction
Rolls back the current transaction. The current transaction will be rolled back to the beginning of
Create a new properties object from a properties file.
Create a new properties object from a string.
Load properties from a string. The string must be in ISO - 8859 - 1 encoding
Returns a new properties object that contains only those properties whose keys start with the given prefix.
Create a new properties object from the classpath.
Returns the value of the specified property or the default value if the property does not exist.
Resolve all variables in a properties object.
Resolve the value of the given key in the given map. If the value is not found
Returns the scope pattern for the given class and method name.
Get the transaction mode for a method. If the method does not exist yet create it.
Registers an array of annotations with this transaction instance.
Read the transaction annotation for the given method.
Visit the given node and return true if it should be included in the result.
Returns true if the given node matches the element of this node.
Returns true if the node should be included in the result set and false if it should be
Unescapes the given string.
Build the list of packages for the given javaversion number.
Cloneto the given destination node.
Detaches this node from its parent node.
Adds a child node to the end of the current node.
Inserts a child node at the given index.
Inserts a new child before the given refchild.
Inserts a new child before the given refchild.
Inserts a new child after the given refchild. If the refchild is the last child
Inserts a new child after the given refchild.
Removes all child nodes from this node and all its children from this node s parent.
Find a child node with the given name.
Returns the childnodes of this node that match the given predicate or an empty array if no
Returns true if this node is a leaf node and false if it is a leaf node.
Initializes the childelementnodes array. This method must be called before any other methods.
Initializes the siblingnameindex attribute of all childnodes with the same nodename as this node
Initializes the childnodes property of the given node.
Changes the ownerdocument of the given node and all its children.
Returns the previous sibling with the same name or null if there is no previous sibling with the
Returns the text content of the current node. The text content is the text content of the
Get the inner HTML of this element.
Visit the children of this node.
Returns the CSS path of this node.
Called when a new tag is found. This method is called when a new tag is found
Called when a tag starts with an ID attribute. This method is called when a tag starts
Creates a new decoratag and adds it to the list of decoratags.
Add a new proxyaspect to be used by this proxy instance.
Adds a rootpackage to the list of packages and mappings. If the list does not yet
Adds the root package of the given action class to the mapping.
Find the root package for the given action path.
Resolves the validation message for the given violation. If no message is found null is returned.
Removes duplicate names from the list of names and returns a new list with the removed names.
Add a new namepattern to the list of names to look for in the properties file.
Iterates over all targets and passes them to the given consumer.
For each target and in the given scope the given biconsumer will be applied to each
For each target and out in the given scope the given biconsumer will be applied to
Extract the values of the parameters.
Creates the target array for the given actiontarget and methodparams. If methodparams is null
Create an action method argument. This method is called when an action is invoked on a method
This method is called when a new session is created. It adds the session to the map
This method is called when a session is destroyed. It removes the session from the sessionmap
Adds an object to the end of this array. If the value is not an object it
Adds all elements in the specified array to this array.
Remove the object at the given position.
Resolve the target for the given actionrequest and resultvalue. If the resultvalue is null
Sends a target not found error to the client.
Returns the string representation of the given value object.
Add an action filter to the router. The action filter will be called when the router is
Returns the pseudofunction name of this class.
Resolves the property injectionpoints for the given class.
Creates a SOCKS4 proxy socket for the given host and port.
Returns the number of attributes in this list.
Returns a set of all actionresults in the result set.
Returns true if the specified character is equal to one of the specified characters in the specified char
Finds the first occurrence of a character sequence that is equal to the specified match.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified match in the specified array or - 1
Adds the command line arguments to the command line.
Adds an environment variable to the command line.
Run the command and return the result.
Invokes a listener of the specified type.
Copies the input locals and output stacks from the given frame to this one.
Get the abstract type from the descriptor.
Set the input frame from the input symbol table and the input local and stack. The input
Returns the local index of the given output variable or - 1 if it is out of bounds
Sets a local variable to the given abstracttype. This is used to set the local variable
Pushes an abstracttype onto the stack.
Pushes the abstract type at the top of the stack.
Removes the specified number of elements from the top of the stack.
Pops the last descriptor from the stack. If the descriptor starts with a character that is
Adds an abstract type to the list of initialized abstract types.
Get the type of an abstract type. If the abstract type has not been initialized yet then
Puts an abstract type into the given bytevector.
Returns the number of entries in the cache that are not isexpired.
Visit a module. This method is called by the visitor to visit a module.
Visit an outer class. This method is called by the visitor when visiting an outer class
Visit an annotation.
Get the current thread session or create a new one if it doesn t already exist.
closethreadsession is called when the thread is closing a database session.
Creates an array of actionwrapper objects that can be used for the execution of the action.
Invoke the action method. If the action handler is defined the action handler will be invoked.
Read the request body from the request.
Calculate the first item index of a given page and total.
Calculate the index of the first item in a paged list of items.
Returns true if the given value is a multiple of the two numbers.
Convert a char array to a byte array using the Torawian algorithm.
Finds the first occurrence of a char array that is not equal to the specified match.
Get the name of the node.
Resolve attribute name.
Load properties from a file.
Load properties from a file.
Load properties from an inputstream.
Load the properties from the given map into this object.
Load the properties from the given map into the properties file.
Load properties from classpath.
Returns the value of the given key or the given default value if the key does not exist
Sets the value of a property. If the profile is null the property will be set to
Extract the properties of this profile to the given map.
Extract properties from the properties file into the target map.
Extract all sub - properties from the current active profiles to the target map.
Returns a map of all profiles with the given prefix. The keys are the profile names and
Adds the contents of the given map to the current context.
Resolve the active profiles.
Get the names of all the profiles in the system. The names are the names of the
Returns the names of all profiles that match the given keynamewildcard.
Adds a property injectionpoint to the list of property injectionpoints.
Adds a set injectionpoint to the set injection point list.
Adds a method injectionpoint to the list of method injectionpoints. The method injectionpoints are
Adds the init method points to the list of initmethodpoints. If the list is null
Add destroy method points.
Returns the target class for the given proxy. If the proxy name ends in proxett
Inject target intowrapper into wrapper object.
Returns the type of the target wrappertarget field.
Returns the fielddescriptor for the given field name or null if not found.
Returns the raw type of this field.
Resolves the keytype of this field.
Resolves the component type of this field.
Returns the JSON representation of the given object.
Returns a JSON representation of the given exception.
Resolves the HTTP method name from the given method name.
Returns true if the given string matches the given pattern with the given number of characters.
Checks if the given classname is resolveloading. If the parentfirststrategy is true
Loads a class from the given classname. If the classname is not found this method will throw
Get the URL of a resource.
Wait for the lock to be released. If the lock is released the thread will be interrupted
Detect the type of an annotation from an array of annotations.
Build an injectionpoint from an annotation value and a property name and a scope.
implements the visitor to look up the class descriptor for the type and return the name of the
Returns an array of URLs for the given class. If classloader is null classpathurls. class
Sets the bean.
Update the bean. If the bean is a supplier the supplier will be used to get the
Loads the property descriptor. If the property descriptor has not yet been loaded then this method will
Connect to the database using the connection provider and the configuration.
Adds an iterator to the list. If the list already contains the iterator throws an exception.
Prints the Jodd logo to the console.
Stop the server. This method should be called when the server is stopped. This method should
Creates a socket for the given host and port. If connectiontimeout is less than the number
Creates a new SSL socket for the given host and port. The socket will be created using
Get the default ssl socket factory. If trustallcertificates is true then trust all certificates
Creates a socket factory based on the proxy type.
Returns a random string of the specified length.
Returns a random string of the specified length from the specified start to the specified end character.
Returns a random string of the specified length with the specified ranges. The returned string will be
Create a new array instance of the given target type.
Injects the given value into the target object using the given property descriptor.
Convert the given value to the given target type. If the target type is the same as
Visit the given service with the given list of providers. This method will be called by the
Creates a new default typecache instance.
Adds a value to the map. If the value already exists the old value is returned.
Returns a sorted array of all the method descriptors in the order they were declared.
Resolve an IP address from a hostname. If the hostname is null then localhost is returned.
Returns an integer representation of an IP address.
Validate againtipadressv4format.
Resolve the hostname of an IP address.
Download the content of the given URL and return it as a byte array.
Download a string from the given URL.
Downloads a file from the given URL to the given file object. The file object will be
Connects to the given host and port and returns a socket object that can be used to read
Establish a connection to the given host and port. If connectiontimeout is less than zero
Returns the index of the class name in the primitive_type_names array or - 1
Loads a class from the given class loader. If the classname is a string it will be
Load an array class by component type.
Call destroy methods on all registered Beandata instances. This method should be called when the
Returns a binarysearch implementation for the given array.
Binary search for the given array using the given comparator.
Exclude the given strings from the list of rules.
Include one or more strings in the list of strings.
Includes all bean properties of the given template class.
Set the start of the tag.
Registers a component with a consumer. The consumer will be called when the component is registered.
Resolve the dbsqltype of the given column descriptor. If the type of the column is
Preprocess the given SQL string to make sure it is safe to call this method multiple times
Creates a new resultsetmapper for the given resultset. This method is called by the resultsetmapper
Find the generated key of the given type.
Populate the generated keys of the given entity with the generated keys of the given entity.
Creates a new wrapper instance of the given wrapper class. The wrapper class must implement the interface
Sets the query parameters to the specified bean. The bean must be a non - null object
Sets the query parameters as a map.
Adds objects to the end of the list.
Inserts this chunk after the given chunk in the list of previous chunks. If there is no
Get the descriptor for the given entity.
Find the descriptor for the given columnref. If no descriptor is found an exception is thrown
Returns the table name for the given tableref or the table name for the given db
Resolve the class of the given object. If the given object is the same as the class
Append the missingspace string to the given string builder.
Returns an enumeration of the file parameter names in the request.
Include the specified page in the servlet request and response. If the page does not exist it
Gets the servlet path and query string from the given request.
Returns the URI of the current request. If the current request is in the context of the
Resolve the parameter names of the given action class method.
Start the petitecontainer. The petitecontainer is initialized with the
Shuts down the petitecontainer. The petitecontainer is not
Add a subject to the email.
Filter email by message id.
Add a from address to the email.
Add a recipient to the list of recipients to send the email. The filter will only send
Add a CC recipient to the email.
Add a BCC recipient to the email.
Add a flag term to the filter.
Adds a flag to the list of flags to be used in the email.
Add a received date filter to the query.
Filter by sent date.
Add a size filter to the filter.
Add multiple emailfilters to the filter.
Adds multiple emailfilters to the filter.
Add a not filter to the current filter.
Concatenate a searchterm with this one.
Encodes the given byte array into a base32 string.
Returns true if gzip is eligible for the given request.
Validates the given object against the validation context. The target object must be an instance of the
Validates the given object against the validation context and returns a list of violations that are found.
Adds a profile to the list of enabled profiles. If the list is empty nothing is done
Sets the list of enabled profiles to be used.
Returns true if the given checkprofiles match the profiles in the given list of checkprofiles.
Parses the request body into an object of the specified type.
Returns the millis since January 1st January 1st January 1st January
Adds two juliandates and returns the result.
Subtracts the given juliandate from this and returns a new juliandate
Sets the integer and the fraction.
Emit a conditional comment.
This method is called when an error occurs. The error message is appended to the error message
Creates a hash from the given password.
Derive a PBKDF2 key from a password salt and number of bytes.
Converts a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Resolve the provider definitions for the given class and name.
Sets the name of the attachment.
Set the contentid from the name if missing.
Resolves the content - type based on the name of the file or the extension of the file
Returns the type of the parameter at the given offset in the given signature.
Compute the attributessize of the symbol table.
Put attributes to the output buffer.
Decodes the given base64 string using the given encoding and returns the result as a new string
Decodes the given query string using the given encoding. If the encoding is UTF - 8 the
This method is called at the beginning of the application. This method is called when the application
Check if the connection provider is available. If so log the name and version of the database
Visit a method. This method is called by the visitor when a method is found.
Visit the end of the current node.
Create a new methodsignaturevisitor.
Convert an array of objects to a CSV string.
Converts a line of text into an array of strings. The first element of the array is
Resolve a ctor injection point.
Creates a classreader for the given advice class.
Get the cached adviceclassreader for the given advice. The cached adviceclassreader is cached
Encrypt the given string using UTF - 8 and return the result as a new string.
Decrypt the given string using this key. The key will be replaced with the original value.
Returns the logger with the given name. If no logger with the given name exists a new
Sets the name of the field.
Create a new actionrequest object.
Creates a new wrapper instance of the given wrapper class.
Remove a bean from the list of destroyable beans. If the bean is not destroyable
Call destroymethods on all destroyable beans. This method should be called when the application is
Get the list of receivemessages from the server.
Launches a clustered service container and waits for it to shut down.
Run the reporting loop. This method is run in a new thread. This method should be
Print an error message to the standard out.
Print a summary of messages per second bytes per second and the total number of messages and the
Maps an existing file to a read - only buffer.
Close the stream.
Waits for the next operation to complete and returns the number of work that should be done.
Returns the current position in the packet. The position is the offset of the packet in the
Inserts a message into the queue. If the queue is full the message is appended to the
Append padding to the current position in the partition. This method is not thread - safe.
Closes the connection to the server and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called
Polls for an error response from the server. Returns null if there is no error.
Stops a replay session with the given replay session id. This method will block until the replay
Print an event that indicates that an image has been available for a stream.
Print an event that indicates that an image is not available in the stream.
Create a status indicator reader for a channel.
Create a statusindicatorreader for receiving a channel status from the specified countersreader and channel name
Sets the number of bytes to be read. The limit is the number of bytes to be
Appends the contents of the given buffer starting at the given offset and length to the end of
Poll for the next message in the message queue and return the number of messages received.
Map a loss report from a directory to a byte buffer of length reportfilelength.
Creates a snapshot of the current state of the stream registry.
Create a default header buffer.
Add a key buffer to the message flyweight.
Add a label buffer to the message flyweight. The label buffer must be large enough to
Send a CONNECT message to the server.
Try to establish a connection to the specified response channel with the specified correlation id.
Writes a closesession request to the buffer.
Enqueue a startrecording request to the wire.
Sends a stoprecording request to the specified channel streamid and controlsessionid.
Adds a replay request to the buffer.
Sends a stop replay request to the stream.
Offer a ListRecordings request to the remote end of a recording.
Offer a ListRecordingsForUri request to the remote end of a stream.
Enqueue a ListRecordingRequest to be sent to the specified recordingid in the specified control session
Extend a recording with a specific sourcelocation. The sourcelocation is the
Get a recording position.
Get the stopposition for a given recordingid and controlsessionid.
Enqueue a ListRecordingsubscriptions request.
Match the hastag and localtag of the given udpchannel.
Returns the destination address for the specified channel.
Returns a string representation of this multicast message.
Add a destination to the list of available destinations.
Insert a packet into the packet rebuilder.
Returns the control toggle counter if it exists in the counters. If not it returns null.
Adds a parameter to the request. If the parameter already exists the old value is returned.
Returns the channel s tag or null if there is no channel s tag.
Returns the entity tag of this tag set or null if this tag set does not exist.
Add a session id to a channel.
Returns the tag of the parameter value. If the parameter value is not a tag returns INVALID
Append padding to the end of the termbuffer and return the offset of the new term.
Update the publisher limit. This method is called when there is a change in the position of
Allocate a new position in the buffer. This method will allocate a new position in the buffer
Returns the label name corresponding to the given type id.
Scan for available bytes in the given buffer starting at the given offset and ending at the given
Reset all the fields of this builder to their default values. This is useful when you want
Validate that the channeluristringbuilder is valid. This method will throw an exception if the
Sets the prefix to use for the channel URI string builder.
Set the media channel uri string builder.
Set the control mode.
Sets the length of the termlength of the channel URI string.
Sets the offset of the term in the output string. The offset is relative to the end
Sets the linger number of the channel to be built. The value must be less than
Close the connection.
Returns true if the frame is valid for the given buffer and length. If the frame is
Receives a packet from the socket and returns the address of the packet. If the socket
This method is called when a term is no longer available. It is called when a term
processtimeouts is called when nowns time has elapsed.
Returns a string representation of the given status.
Allocate a new counter with the given name and typeid. The name and typeid are
Resets this buffervector to a new buffer and a new offset and length.
Validate that this directbuffervector is a valid direct buffer.
Validate and compute the length of the vector array and throw an illegalstateexception if the length
producerwindowlength returns the length of the term buffer that will be used to produce the
Validates that the socket buffer lengths are the same as the ones specified in the context.
Checks that the pagesize is a power of two. The pagesize must be a power
Validates that the given integer range is within the integer range of the session id range.
Validates that publicationunblocktimeoutns and clientlivenesstimeoutns are within
Sets the error code for this response flyweight. This is used to set the error code
Resets the state of the state machine to its initial state. This is called when the state
Encodes an array of clustermember objects into an asstring.
Adds the member status publication information to the specified channel.
Close all publications for a set of members.
Returns true if at least one of the given clustermbers has an active quorum.
Returns the quorum position of the given set of members in the given set of ranked positions
Resets the logpositions of the given clustermbers to the given logposition.
Returns true if at least one of the given clustermbers has a vote for the
Returns true if at least one member of the given array has a non - null vote on
Returns true if at least one member has a majority vote for the given clusterm
Get a member from an array of clustermember objects. If the array is empty
Validate that the given member s endpoints are the same as the given member s endpoints.
Returns true if the endpoints of two clustermember objects are the same.
Returns true if the given candidate is an ancestor of any of the given clustermbers
Returns true if the given candidate is a quorum candidate of the given clustermbers.
Returns true if the given list of members does not contain the given member s endpoint detail.
Returns the index of the given memberid in the given array of clustermember objects
Removes the member with the given id from the given array of clustermember objects.
Returns the id of the highest member in the given array of clustermember objects.
Map an existing CNC file if it exists and has a length greater than num_.
Returns true if the driver is active on the given directory. If the driver is not active
Returns true if the driver is active for the given timeout. If the driver is not active
Returns true if the driver is active or false if the driver is not active.
This method is called when the driver is terminated. This method is called when the driver is
Returns the length of the frame in the buffer at the given offset in volatile byte order.
Writes the framelength to the given buffer ordered according to the current byte order.
Writes the frametype to the given buffer at the given offset.
Writes the frame flags to the given buffer at the given offset.
Writes the frametermoffset to the given buffer.
Writes the frameter mid into the given buffer at the given offset. The frameter mid
Returns the counterid of the given recordingid or null if there is no such counterid
Returns the counter id associated with the given session id or null if there is no such counter
Returns the recording id for a given counterid.
Returns true if the given counterid and recordingid are active in the given countersreader.
Write an application - specific feedback field from a byte array at a specific offset in the status
Reloads the entries from the file into the internal buffer. This is done by reading the
Returns the last term entry in the term table or null if there are no terms.
Create a new recoveryplan from the current state of the recovery plan. The recovery plan is
Creates a recoveryplan from a list of recordinglog. snapshot objects.
Append a term entry to the log.
Append a snapshot entry to the log.
Commit the logposition of the given leadershiptermid to the log file.
Tombstone the entry with the given leadershiptermid and entryindex.
Closes the connection to the server. If the client is not owned by the client this method
Inserts the given vectors into the queue and returns the number of elements that were offered.
Unblocks a block of data from a log buffer. If the blocked buffer is the last
Get the channel name from the buffer.
Sets the channel of the imagemessage flyweight message.
Check the length of the Termline string and throw an exception if it is not
Checks that the pagesize parameter is a power of two.
Compare and set the term count in the log_active_term_count buffer with the
Compute the number of terms that need to be applied to the given termid starting at the
Computes the length of the log file based on the length of the termlength and the
Store the default frame header in the given metadatabuffer.
Writes the default header to the given buffer at the given offset in the given buffer.
Rotates the log of the given termid to the given metadatabuffer.
Writes the current number of counters for the given termid to the given metadatab
Returns the offset of the term in the raw tail. This is the offset of the term
Get a volatile value from the tail of the buffer. The volatile value is stored in the
Compare and set the term tail counters in the given buffer with the given index.
Writes a token buffer to the driverflyweight stream. The token buffer must be larger than
Allocate a counter for the given leadershiptermid logposition timestamp and snapshotrecord
Find the next available counterid in the counters. This method will return null_counter_
Returns true if the given counterid has a replay state.
Get the snapshot recording id for a given counterid and serviceid.
Returns an array of characters that are set in the given flags.
Set the channel of the publication message flyweight.
Offer a buffer to the response publication queue. The buffer will be copied to the responsepublication
Wrap the given atomicbuffer into the buffer at the given offset and length.
Writes the current frame length to the buffer. This method is called when the buffer has been
Writes the header information to the buffer.
Main entry point for the mediadriver script.
Close all resources associated with this context. This method should be called when the context is stopped
Returns the current position of the frame.
Allocate a new counter for the given service id.
Returns the counter id for the given serviceid or null if there is no such counter.
Allocate an atomic counter from a tempbuffer. The tempbuffer is used to store the counter
Closes the connection and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the connection
Dispatch a descriptor to a recordingdescriptorconsumer.
Add a new slab to the pool. If the number of bytes used is greater than the
Sets the byte at the given index to the given value. If the index is greater than
Adds the given statistics to this histogram.
Convert an array type into a grouptype.
Convert a struct type to a grouptype.
Annotate the given message with the given position in the given message and return the resulting message.
End the previous bitpacked run.
Read one message from the wire.
Returns a list of all the footers for the given configuration and file status.
Read the footers from a summary file. The footers are merged into a single summary
Read the parquet footer from the given input file using the given metadatafilter.
Read the next rowgroup from the current block.
Returns the next rowgroup in the current block filtered by columnindexfilter. If the current
Read a dictionary page from the given columnchunkmetadata.
Adds a new writer to the list of writers. If the writer already exists it will be
Remove an internalparquetrecordwriter from the list of writers. If the list is empty
Update the total memory allocation. This is done by summing the number of allocations in the
Registers a callback that will be called when the specified method is called. The callback will be
Starts writing the start of the stream.
Start a new block. This is called when a new block of data has been written.
Called at the beginning of a new column. This method is called when a new column is
Writes a dictionarypage to the output stream.
Writes a page of data to the underlying output stream. This method is called by the underlying
End the current block. This method is called when the end of a block is reached.
Copy data from one stream to another starting at the given position.
End the parquet file. This method should be called at the end of the file.
mergemetadatafiles takes a list of file paths and merges them into the globalmetadata.
Write a list of parquetmetadata files to an output path. The outputpath is expected
Write a metadata file with the given configuration and footers to the given output path.
Merges the given filemetadata into the given globalmetadata and returns the result.
Read a value from the input stream.
Returns true if the given schema is null or a union of the given schema s types.
Returns the first non - null object in the given array or null if none is found.
Makes a value of the given type from the given string according to the given schema.
Creates a thriftmetadata object from the given extrametadata. If the extrametadata is
Create a thriftmetadata object from a Thrift class.
Returns a hashmap containing the metadata for this Thrift message.
Increment the number of writenulls for the given repetitionlevel and definitionlevel.
Writes a single page of data to the parquet file.
Initialize from a page of data. The data is read from the specified input stream. The
Allocates the values buffer to hold the current number of values in the miniblock.
check that i is an enum value of the expected type. If not throw an exception.
Calculates the bitwidths for a miniblock buffer based on the miniblockstof
Throw an exception if the throwable is assignable from the given exception class.
Get statistics based on a column type.
Returns a builder for reading the given primitive type.
Merge the given statistics into the current statistics. If the statistics are empty this method does nothing
Returns a schema that is a non - null schema.
Create a new taskattemptcontext instance.
Invoke the given method on the given object with the given arguments.
Prints out a string representation of the members of this struct.
Merges the fields of the given grouptype into the fields of the given type.
Initializes the counter from the given reporter and configuration. This method is called when the reporter is
Returns a filter that will be used to filter records from the given configuration.
Get a list of all the footers from the parquet file. The footers are
Returns a list of parquet input splits for the given rowgroupblocks and hdfsblocksarray
Write a record to the log.
Validates that the mapping is valid for the given descriptor and the given parquet schema.
Returns the serialized descriptor of the given class.
amend missing required fields from the rootevents list and return the fixede
check that the next event is a set of values.
Read filemetadata from the given inputstream. If skiprowgroups is true the filemetadata
Close the recordwriter and release any resources associated with it. The recordwriter must be closed
Set the schema to be used by the groupwritesupport. The schema must be a
Adds the given class and parameter to the set of classes and parameter types.
Assert that the type of the given column is valid for the given parameter type.
Converts a long value to an int throwing an exception if the value is not an int.
Create a new schemamapping from an arrowschema. The arrowschema is
Create a new schemamapping from a parquet schema.
Map the arrowschema and parquetschema to a schemamapping.
Write a datapagev2 header. This method is deprecated and will be removed in the
Perform a skiptomatch until the recordfilter is not met or the number of records
Writes an object to a configuration object in Base64.
Remove the value associated with the given key from the cache. If the value does not exist
Puts a new value into the cache. If the new value is the current value of the
Returns the current value for the given key or null if there is no current value for the
Write an object to an avro schema.
Sets the glob pattern to the given glob string.
Writes the content to the specified file. If no filename is specified the content will be logged
Opens an input stream for reading from the specified file.
Returns a new filter that will only return records that match the given columnpath and match the
Convert a thrift structtype to a thrift messagetype.
Wrap a list type in a grouptype. If the nested type is not a
Create a grouptype for a list of elements of a given type.
Returns the merged key - value metadata. The key - value metadata is a hashmap of
Create a new parquetinputsplit from an existing inputsplit.
Returns a map of field names to the class of the given class. If the class is
If parquet_column_index_access is set to true then the requested schema is
Get the list of input files from the parquet input. If the input is a directory
Check that all the input files are directories. If they are directories throw an illegalargumentexception
Returns a list of input files from the given directory. The input files are filtered by the
Create a filter that returns a page of records starting at the given position and pagesize.
Construct a delegating listconsumer from an event - based thrift type.
Initialize the mapred work if the plan is not empty and the number of partitions is greater
Merge a tuple into a tuplesummarydata object.
Sumup the tuples summary data for the given tuple.
Read a struct from the stream. This is the main entry point for the protocol protocol.
Read a mapentry from the stream.
Writes an int value to the input buffer.
Read a little endian integer from the given byte buffer starting at the given offset.
Set the schema for the job. This is used to create the schema for the job.
Create a topic if it does not exist.
Duplicate pipelinestagebeans.
Create a list of interceptor beans based on the given stageconfiguration and stagedefinition. The list
Creates a new interceptor bean using the given interceptor definition and stage configuration. If an exception occurs
Creates a schema from a schema string. The schema string must be a valid schema string.
Returns the number of millistodays in the local time zone.
Get an avro schema from the given header.
Upgrades v1 to v2.
copy blobstoreresources into staging blobstore. rootdatadir and pipel
Resets the internal state of this object to its initial state.
reporthealth is called when a thread is reporthealth of another thread.
Register a thread s health report gauge with the metrics configurator.
Store the controlhub configurations for the given runtime.
Checks if the current user is authenticated with the given web credential. If not it logs a
Upgrade the pipelineconfiguration if necessary.
Upgrades the given stage configuration if it is needed.
Upgrades the given stage configuration if it is not already up - to - date.
Upgrades a service configuration if it is needed to satisfy the requirements of the given library.
upgradestageifneeded is called when a stage is up - to - date.
Get the list of fieldstonulls that should be applied to the given record.
Returns true if the given name is a system class in the given packagelist.
Adds the specified element to the end of this set.
Adds an element to the list and returns it. If the list is empty returns null.
Returns the default value for the given key or null if the key does not exist.
Adds reported errors to the list of stages output if needed.
Get a descriptor from the given protodescriptorfile. The messagetypetoextension
Get all filedescriptors from the given set. The filedescriptormap is a map
Populates the default andextensions map with the values from the filedescriptormap.
Get a descriptor from a set of file descriptors. This method is intended to be used by
Convert a protobuf field to a sdcrecordfield.
Create a dynamicmessage for the top - level field of a record. The message will be
Construct a dynamicmessage from a field of a record. This method is called when a field
Upgradetojersey config bean.
Check the connection to the Kudu cluster. If the connection fails an error is added
Convert a kudutype to a field. type.
Create a field of the given type from the given row result with the given fieldname.
Intercepts the given list of records with the given list of interceptors.
Returns the current line as a string. This method will create a new string object if it
Add missing configstostage to the given stage configuration.
This method is called when a response is received. This method is called when the response is
Adds the response headers to the response based on the output location specified in the configuration.
Write the header field of the record to the output field of the response. The header field
Read the header from the response and write it to the record. header.
Saves the metadata of the stage to disk. This method is synchronized so that it can be
Configure the client. This method is called when the client is ready to be used.
Create a new record and add it to the batchmaker. This is used to parse the
Increments the source offset based on the current pagination mode.
Parse a paginated result record and add it to the batchmaker.
Adds the response headers to the given header.
Resolve the headers and return them as a multivaluedmap. This is done by evaluating
Process the response and return the offset of the next record in the response or an empty offset
Returns true if the given property is defined in the configuration. If the property is not defined
Convert a dataparserexception to a dataparserexception.
Convert a datageneratorexception to a datageneratorexception
Get the credentials from the file at the given path. If the file doesn t exist or
Create a new preview of a pipeline with a override of stageoutputstooverridejson.
Copy the contents of the current character to the buffer and return the number of bytes overrun
removelogical duplicates in a sorted set.
Returns the index of the next mainline in the given livefilechunk that matches the given
Resolve a livefilechunk into a list of file line numbers and a list of complete lines
Close the connection to the database. This method is called when the connection is closed.
Escapes a quoted substring in a string so that it can be used as a part of a
Get the flowcontrol settings. This is the default setting for the flow control controller.
Creates a gRPC channel provider for the subscription.
Puts a batch of entries into the buffer.
Compile a string expression into a Grok pattern.
This method calculates the digest of the original expression using the algorithm described in RFC 3986.
Adds an inputstream to the dictionary. The inputstream is assumed to be an inputstream
Adds the contents of the given reader as a dictionary. The reader is closed when finished.
Stops the timer and returns a new map of aggregated data windows. The returned map will be
Roll the data to a new window end time. The new data window end time is the
Serializes an object to a string. If the object is null returns null. If the object
Deserialize a string into an object of the specified type.
Deserialize an object from the given file. The file is expected to be of the given type
Writes a record to the output stream. This method is called when a recorderrore
Resolve an EL expression with the given variables and the given value. If the expression cannot be
Generate the inner field from the thelist of the original table. The inner field will be
Get the table name from a record.
Get the database name from the given metadata record.
Get the internal field of a record.
Get the location field from the metadata record.
Get the custom location from the metadata record. If no custom location is specified the default location
Get the avro schema from the given metadata record.
Get the data format from the metadata record. If no data format is specified the default data
Build a field for a newschemametadata record.
Validate that the partition information in the partitionvalmap matches the partitionnames in the typeinfo
Generate a partition path from a linked hashmap of partition keys and values.
Serializes an avro schema into a JSON file in the specified location.
Sets the parameters of a prepared statement. Note that this method is only intended for internal use
Get the configuration from the server.
Parse an RFC 3164 time string into a long value.
Format the given template with the given arguments. If the template does not exist it will be
Start a batch context. The batch context will be started in the main thread and the stage
Check that a record contains all of the solrfields in the solrfieldsmap.
Returns a list of field names that are not in the autogeneratedfieldnamesmap.
Send onrecorderrorexception to errorrecordhandler.
Parse a jarname and return an optional dependency. If the jarname is a special case
Parse a URL into a dependency.
Creates a new instance of the couchbaseconnector based on the given configuration. If the configuration
Closes the connection to the cluster and environment. This method should be called when the connection is
Returns the label corresponding to the given code. The code can be either an integer or a
Verifies that a dependency exists in the definitions map.
Get the write operation type from the header of the given record.
Build a sub - document mutation. This is used to build a sub - document mutation.
Generate the altertablesqlstring for the given schema tablename and columndiff.
Configures the SASL client with the given configuration.
Take a batch of messages from the queue and return them as an offsetandresult.
Commits the current offset of the current batch. The offset is stored in lastcommittedoffset
This method is called when an error occurs in the consumer. This method is called when an
Injects the given stage configuration into the given stage using the given stage definition and stage configuration
Get the definitions for a given hidestage.
Get the publisher definition for the given name. The name is the name of the publisher.
Format the column name. If casesensitive is true then the column name is case sensitive.
Format the given string as a string. This method is used to format the given string as
Get information about a pipeline in a specific revision.
Create a new pipeline fragment with the given description and stageinstances.
Get a list of pipelines that match the given filtertext and label.
Import a pipeline fragment into the API. A pipeline fragment will be created if it does not
Get the path to the file in which this stage was created. This is the path to
Get the SDC operation from the given SDC record. If the SDC operation is
Returns the fieldpath for the given columnname.
Get an enrichedevent from the queue waiting if necessary up to the specified timeout
Returns the next runner in the queue or throws an exception if the queue is full.
getidlerunner - getidlerunner for a given idletime
Return a runner to the pipeline.
Destroys the pipeliner.
validatenotdestroyed throws an exception if the pipeliner was destroyed.
Check whether a stream exists.
Get the last shardid from a stream.
This method processes the queue of records. This method is called when the queue is empty.
Handle a sqlexception. If the exception is a data error log it and add it
Returns the hashcode of the column stoparameters for the given record and the given operation.
Returns true if f1 is greater than f2 or if f1 is less than f
Retrieve the PID of a process if it is feasible to run. If it is not
Given a record and a set of matching fields return a set of fields that should be removed
Get the proxy user information for a given user.
Roll this timer into a new activestats object and return it.
Creates a snapshot of the current state of the timer.
Ensure that a directory exists. If it doesn t it will create it if it doesn t
Writes a batch of records to the database. The batch will be classifyed by the provided
Write a batch of records to the database.
Write a record to the database. The record will be read from the given iterator. The
generatenomoredataevent is called when there is no more data to send.
Detects a new partition by comparing the partition values and the location. If the partition is
Update the given record in HDFS with the given roll and avroschema and location.
Process the given value with the given group. The value will be added to the given group
Checks if two stages have the same version.
Main entry point for the Mesos bootstrap cluster. This is the entry point for the
Configure the authentication and build the client builder based on the authtype and the context.
Resolve the request headers from the given headers map. The header variables in the headers map are
Evaluate the httpmethod expression and return the httpmethod value. If the httpmethod expression is
Fill the bindings with null types. This is used to fill the bindings with null values.
Returns the value of the field at the given fieldpath or null if the field is null
Loads a schema from the registry. If the subject is empty the schemaid is used.
Registers a schema in the registry. Returns the number of registered schemas or - 1 if the
Load a schema from the registry.
Get the schema id from the given subject.
Load a schema from the registry.
Writes the schemaid to the outputstream.
Detects the schema id of the given byte array.
Get the default values for the given schema.
Parse all the records in the given payload and return them as a list of record objects.
Log some details about the current state of this dependency.
Get the list of bad records from the given errorsink.
Initializes the Schemagenerator with the given configuration.
Returns the set of outwarded vertices for the given vertex or an empty set if no out
Returns the set of vertices that are in the inwardedge of the given vertex.
Serializes the given offset map into a JSON string.
Deserializes the offset map from a JSON string. If the string is null or empty the
Sends the report to the queuere source.
Get the report with the given id.
Returns true if the checkpoint file exists or if the backup checkpoint file exists.
Writes the partition offset map to the checkpoint file.
Deletes the blob with the given id from the storage.
Handle the error of a blob. This is called when an error occurs in a blob.
Handle the archiving of a blob.
Returns a livefilereader object that can be used to read data from the file.
This method is called when the reader is no longer needed. It is called when the reader
Set the dpmbaseurl for this client.
Add a default header to the request.
Parse a date string into a date object.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as a URL - encoded string.
Get the client for the given base path. Create it if it doesn t exist yet.
Initialize the connection to the kinetica server.
Get the table metadata from the GSSHAPY database.
Creates a new eventbuilder with the given context and toevent context.
Build a schema from a map of fields and a list of levels.
Convert an ORACLETOSDC code to an ODBC operation code.
Adds the jarstojob configuration to the given configuration.
Check if the field name is in the field order by list.
Checks if the given field name matches any of the conditionexpressions in the given conditionexpressions.
Get the offsetlag for the given file offset string.
This method is called before the application is started. It is called before the application is started
Returns the current parallelism of the pipeline.
Run a query and return the results as a tableresult of pagesize.
Get the descriptions of the table that should be disabled. This is the description of the table
validatetableacceptsinserts throws an exception if the table description does not accept
Get the type of a field.
Returns true if the field type is nullable or false if the field type is not nullable.
Get the schema of a table from a showtableresponse.
Get the column properties from a showtableresponse.
Returns the class corresponding to the given type name. If the type name does not match the
Connects to the Aerospike server and attempts to connect to the Aerospike
Returns the topic for the given record. If runtimetopicresolution is true the topic
Returns an inputstream that can be used to read the contents of the file.
Returns the outputstream that will be used to write the contents of the file to.
Returns true if the file exists and is larger than the number of files in the directory.
Parse an fspermission string into an fspermission object.
Validate that all services are available.
Creates a new simple aggregator with the given name and class.
Returns the unit of the aggregator.
Creates an aggregatordata instance of the given class with the given name and timew
Creates a new groupby aggregator with the given name and aggregator class.
Starts the timer with the given time in milliseconds. If the timer is already running the timer
Stops the data provider and returns a map of all the aggregators that have been stopped.
Roll the data to a new window end time in milliseconds.
Release the reference to the login manager instance.
Throw an illegalargumentexception if the string is not in the glob.
List objects lexicographically matching an ant path matcher and an offset in s3.
Stops the pipeline and cancels the snapshot if it has been captured.
produceemptybatchesforidlerunners is used to produce a batch of empty batches for
Create a failure batch for the given pipeline.
Convert a record to a boundstatement.
Sets the contents of this configuration to the contents of the given new configuration. If the value
generates a kudulookupkey from a record.
Reads a line from the reader and appends it to the string builder.
Roll the usagetimer by subtracting the multiplier from the current multiplier.
This method is called when the PM is enabled. It is called when the PM is enabled
Sends a logout request to the DPM server that is not enabled for the specified organization.
Returns the normalized pmbaseurl of the given url. If the url ends with the
Retrieve a user auth token from the given URL using the given username and password.
Logs out the user from the dpmbaseurl with the given userauthtoken.
Write the appauthtoken to the token file.
Update the dpm properties.
Create a schema for a field of a given type in a given record and field name.
Create a schema for a complex field type.
Get the decimalscaleor precision for the given record field. The default value is - num
Returns the default value for the given schema or null if the schema has no default value.
Initialize metrics if needed. This method should only be called from the protoconfigurable
Compares two file paths and returns - 1 if they are the same and 0 if they are
Returns the index of the group with the given name and index or - 1 if the group
Returns a list of the names of all the groups in the system.
Returns true if the character at the given position is an escaped character.
Returns true if the character at the given position is a backslash escaped character.
Returns true if the current position is inside a character class false otherwise.
Count the number of open parenthesis in the given string starting at the given position.
Extract groupinfo from a named pattern.
Replaces all characters that match the given regular expression with the given replacement string.
This method is called by the HTTP servlet when a GET request is received. This method will
Refreshes the schema for a given table and returns true if the new schema has changed.
Returns true if the entry is expired.
Returns the current offset of the file. If the file is truncated the offset is returned.
Fast forward to the underlying channel. This method does not block if the underlying channel is closed
Convert a string to an appropriate number.
Parse a part of a recorderrorexception.
Parse the values of a recorderrorexception.
Lookup the primary keys for the table.
Create the custom field mappings.
Returns the SQL type name of the field type.
Returns the table name in the form of schema + tablename. If the schema is null then
Sets the primary keys of the given record to the given prepared statement.
This method is called when a sqlexception is received. It logs the error and throws
This method is called by the pipeliner to process a batch of data. This method
Prepare the batch context for execution. This method is called when the batch context is created.
Finishes the execution of a batch and calculates the metrics for the batch.
flattenentirerecord flattens a root field into a map.
Creates a new detachedstageruntime instance for the given stagebean. The type of the
Execute the onrecorderrorexception.
Get the columnstoparameters based on the operation type and the columnstofields
Returns the condition for a partition column.
Given a tablecontext and an offset return a map of the expected columns and the actual offset
Returns a list of requested bundle content generator definitions. If the list is null or empty the
Get the non - empty arguments from a list of strings.
Get the operation object for the given operation code in the given kudutable.
Convert bytestodisplayformat to a human readable string.
Scan the current livefile and return the new livefile. If the current livefile is
Get the number of pending files in the current livefile.
Returns true if the given name is whitelisted by the given properties.
Returns true if the expected versions are present in the given versions set.
This is the entry point for the sparkstreaming example. It is the entry point for
Set up the propagateruntimeConfiguration property. This method is called when the configuration of the
Checks that the report description is valid. If not creates a configissue with an omn
To upgrade from v1 to v2. Remove the implicit_field_mapping_config
Extract the named groups from the given raw data.
This method is called when a consumer is committed. It is called when a message is received
Creates a new embedded SDC object.
Set the fields in the given record with the given fields map.
Get a list of all the pipeline and its associated workers that have changed since the last run
Returns a remotedatacollectorresult for the given future.
Create a gauge with the given name and gauge. The gauge will be added to the registry
Get the columnstoparameters for the given operation and parameters. If the record does not
Generate a map of header attributes for the given file.
Validates a single record and throws an exception if the record is not a valid file record.
Handle old tempfiles.
Get the Avro inputstream for the given record.
Get a datafilestream from an inputstream.
Write a parquet file from a stream to a temp file.
Check if the field type is supported by the input encryption algorithm.
Check that a field can be encrypted with the input stream. This method will throw an exception
Check that the field is of type byte_array and that it is of the correct type
Check that the input field is of type byte_array and that it is decrypted by the
Prepare a field to be encrypted. This method is called when a field is encrypted or encrypted
Sets the parent pattern of this matcher to match against the given newpattern.
Append a replacement string to the stringbuffer.
Returns a map of all named groups in the pattern.
Replaces all occurrences of properties in this pattern with the given replacement string.
Get the value of a global variable in the database. If the variable does not exist it
Create a new start event record.
Creates a new eventrecord for the given pipelinestopreason.
Fix the offset for the given offset column. If the offset column is a decimal field and
Extract the value of a field from a string. If the field s type is a number
Build and execute an alter table add - partition query for the specified table and partition path.
Build and execute an altertablesettblpropertiesquery to set the properties of a table.
Get the name of the database that has been executed. This is the name of the database
Execute the given query in the current hive connection.
executes a query and returns the result as a resultset or throws an exception if the
Execute a batch of pipeliners. This method is called when a pipeline has been
This method is called for each consumer in the pipeline. The consumer will be called with the
Returns the offsetcommittrigger associated with this pipeline or null if none is associated with this pipeline
Checks if any of the pipelines in this stage have an onrecorderror. stop_pipeline
Accept a consumer throwing an exception if the consumer throws an exception. If the consumer throws an
Returns the insert id for the given record or null if there is no insert id.
Get the value of a field in a Java object.
Set a document fragment in a record. The document fragment is a document fragment of a document
Sets the document in the given record. If the document is null the document is ignored.
Set the value of a row in a record using N1QL mapping configurations.
Handle the whole filedataformat of an s3object.
Returns true if the completion sequence for the given GTID is greater than or equal to the
Sets the classloader for the current thread and then calls the given exception supplier with the result.
Log the user out. This method is called when the user is about to be logged out
Clear the exceptions map and clear the stagelibexceptions map from the given configuration.
Replaces variables in the given path with the data directory config directory and resources directory.
Ensure proper permissions for the given path. This is done by checking the current thread s context
The main entry point for the emrbinding script. This is the entry point for the
Get the path to the directory where the record should be written. This is the directory where
renametofinalname - rename the file at the given path and return the new
Returns true if the record should be rolled.
Returns true if the given string matches the given pattern with the given uritemplate variables.
Returns a map of the current file and its offset in the file system. The map is
Returns the number of milliseconds remaining to wait before the given start time. If maxwaittim
Get the sliding window for the given offset map.
Create an instance of a stagelibrary delegate given a stagelib task name and
Creates a new instance of the given delegate definition. The current thread s context classloader will be
Get the value of a metric.
Find the end of the next header byte in the given buffer.
Returns the number of bytes in the body of this message.
Save the contents of the buffer to a temporary file and return the path to the temporary file
Create an sslserversocketfactory from a key and truststore classpath. The key and trust
Returns the MIME type for the given file or null if the file does not exist.
Handle the given session and return the response. If no response is found the httphand
Stops the server and closes all resources associated with it. This method should be called when the
Adds the mappings to the router.
Send the body of the message to the given outputstream. If pending is - 1 the
Creates a new fixed - length response with the given status mimetype and inputstream data and total
Returns true if gzip is accepted for this file.
Sets a cookie with the given name and value with the given expiration time in milliseconds.
Unload all the cookies in the queue and add them to the response.
Decode a base64 string into a string. If an exception occurs during the base64 decode
Encodes the given string into a base64 - encoded string. This method is intended to be
Sets the name of the table to be used for the query.
Returns the name of the given principal.
Insert a session repository filter into the servlet context.
Resolve the principal name from the given session. If the principal name is not found in the
Get the session with the given id. If the session does not exist null is returned.
Get the JNDI name from the given modelnode.
Get the canonical names of the method s parameter types.
Register an interposed synchronization with the context. This method is called by the context manager when
This method is called before the completion of the task. It is called before the task is
Returns the current transaction or null if there is no current transaction.
This method is responsible for adding a module dependency to the deployment unit. If the deployment unit
Returns true if the persistence unit name is the same as the cache region prefix or if the
Get the list of server configuration files that are required by the wsextension subsystem.
Decrements the readlock count by one.
Increments the readlockcount by num_.
Adds a service to the list of deployment archives for the given class. This method is
This method is called when the handlerestoration calculation is complete. This method does nothing if
Deploys the JP DEPENDENCIES into the JP DEPENDEN
Make the toplevel bdas visible from the static modules.
Creates the jsearchivemetadata. builder for the given deployment.
Sets the configname and configfile from the webmetadata and the webservicesmetadata.
Creates a list of jsesecuritymetadata objects from a list of securityconstraintmetadata objects
Get the servlet urlpatterns mappings for the given list of POJO endpoints.
Get the mapping between the servlet class name and the class name of the endpoint.
Resolve all the EJBs for the current view. This method is synchronized so that
Returns a set of all available connectors for the given operation.
Parse a core environment element.
Parse the processid environment element.
Returns the pathaddress of the given operation.
Sets the path address of the given operation to the given address.
Returns the attribute value of the given operation or an empty modelnode if the operation does not
Returns true if the operation has the include_defaults attribute set to true. Otherwise returns false
Creates a composite operation from a list of operations.
Create an ADD operation with the given address and parameters.
Create an ADD operation to add a value to a node at a given address and index.
Create a read - attribute operation with the given address and attribute.
Create a write - attribute operation with the given address and attribute and value.
Create an undefine attribute operation.
Get the value of the entry in the context. If the entry is not registered an illegal
Adds a URL context factory for the given scheme.
Removes a URL context factory from the list of factories for the given scheme.
Load all validation providers from the given classloader.
Modify the deployment by adding the necessary endpoints and contextroot to the deployment.
Configure the endpoints for the given deployment and JBossWebMetadata.
Modify the contextroot of the web. xml file.
Get the transport class name from the deployment.
Set the identity of a runas in a security context.
Pop the runas identity from the security context.
Process the management of the servlets in the web. xml and add them to the deployment
Injects the specified property into the specified object. If the property already exists it will be
Returns true if the classtype and propertytype are the same or false if they are different
Finds a method in the given class that matches the given methodname and optional property type.
Searches for a field in the given class and its superclasses. If the field is found
Derives the useful information from the given HTTP servlet request.
Performs a standalone collect on the specified host and port using the specified protocol host and port.
Collect the jdrreport from the server environment and return it as a java. util.
Register a resource adapter deployment.
Unregisters a resource adapter deployment.
Registers the transformers for the given subsystem. The transformers are registered in the same order as the
Writes the given parameters to the given outputstream.
Read an exception from the inputstream. If the exception is not found an unexpecte
Returns the owner of the current thread in the given registry or the current thread if the registry
Release the transaction synchronization lock for the given stateful session component instance. This method should be called
Add a log entry to the log file. The log name is prepended to the log name
Adds the cdiflag parameter to the webmetadata.
Get the componentview.
Invokes the given endpoint with the given invocation. The invocation will be executed in the context of
Get the view method that matches the given seimethod in the given collection of viewmethods
Returns true if the seimethod matches the viewmethod.
Get the ejbsecuritymetadata for the given endpoint.
Returns the new security domain or the old one if it s different from the next one.
Checks that the oldsecuritydomain and the newsecuritydomain are the same and throws an exception
Set the name of the IDL file that will be used to store the IDL file
Get the absolute name of this entry.
Creates a new jndiname object from the given name.
Adds the ironjacamar. xml file to the deployment unit.
The handlerequest method is called when a request is received. It adds a listener to
Returns true if the current thread is in a transaction. This method is intended to be used
Get the transaction synchronization registry.
Returns the connection factory to use for this connection. If the connection factory does not exist it
Returns the last component of the given name.
Returns true if the given name is empty or if its length is the same as the given
Namenotfoundexception is the same as namenotfoundex
Creates a new namingexception with the given message and cause.
Creates a new namingexception with the given message cause and remaining name.
Creates a new cannotproceedexception object with the given object and remaining name.
Creates a namingenumeration for the given collection.
Rebinds the given name to the given value.
Get the activemqcomponentcontrol for the given artemis operation.
Creates a new componentinstance with the given instance.
Get the virtualfile for the resteaspring integration jar.
Resolve the runtime name from the resource at the given address.
Create a builder for a persistent resource definition.
Returns the primitiveanalysis for the given class.
This method is called when the thread is shutting down. This method should be called when the
Get a list of urlpatterns.
Get the servlets metadata from the web. xml or create it if it doesn t exist
Gets the servletmappings for the given jboss webmd. If the jboss webmd
Gets the securityconstraints for the given JBoss webmetadata. If the list is null
Returns the loginconfigmetadata for the given jbosswebmetadata. If the jbossweb
Get the list of context parameters for the given jbosswebmetadata. If the list is
Gets the webresourcecollections metadata from a securityconstraintmetadata. If the webresourcecollections metadata
Gets the servlet init parameters. If the servlet init parameters are null a new list is created
Creates a new securityconstraintmetadata object and adds it to the given list of securityconstraintsmd
Creates a webresourcecollectionmetadata object and adds it to the supplied webresourcecollectionsmd.
Create a new servlet metadata object and add it to the servletsmd.
Creates a servletmappingmetadata object and adds it to the given list of servletmappingsmd.
Creates a new authconstraintmetadata object and adds it to the given securityconstraintmd.
Creates a new userdataconstraintmetadata object.
Creates a new paramvaluemetadata object and adds it to the given list of paramvaluemetadata
Creates a new paramvaluemetadata object with the given key and value.
Registers the sessionbean interceptors for the given component description.
Shuts down the Weld service.
Get the jndiname from the modelnode. If the use_java_context
Resolve the given simpleattribute definition into its string representation.
Returns the type of the URL pattern. If the URL pattern starts with a prefix and ends
targetspooledconnectionfactory returns true if the given server is a targetpooled connection factory
targetsexternalpooledconnectionfactory returns true if targetsexternalpooledconnectionfactory is
Returns the server name from the given properties or the default value if the property is not set
Returns the name of the default persistence unit. If no persistence unit name is specified then the
This method is called when the application is started. This method is called when the application is
Unregisters this activity from the suspend controller and removes the listener from the local transaction context.
Called when the thread is suspended. This method will be called when the thread is suspended.
Resumes this activity. This method should only be called when the activity is resumed.
This method is called when the invocation of a method has completed. It is called by the
This method is called when a transaction is created. It registers this synchronization with the given transaction
This method is called at the beginning of the application. This method is called when the application
Remove the controller from the naming store. This method is called when the service is stopped.
Get the servicename of a capability. If dynamicparts is specified the servicename will be
Create the list of resourceroots for the given virtualfile and deploymentunit.
Returns a set of all classloader of all modules in the given deploymentunit.
Returns true if the specified persistence unit metadata needs a classfiletransformer.
Returns true if two - phase bootstrap is enabled for this persistence unit.
Returns true if the JPA allow default data source use is enabled for this persistence unit.
Returns true if the target entitymanagerproperties do not allow synchronization of the target entitymanager.
Get an ORB for the given server port and hashtable of environment variables.
Initialize the applet orb.
Initialize the method handles. This method is called when the class is not foundexception
Set the active naming store.
Validate default values.
Check if the parameter type is a parameterized type and if so return the corresponding class.
Look for a defaultvalue annotation in an annotation array.
Validate the basetype of a method. If the defaultvalue is not null it will be
Returns an array of all deferred entity managers. The array is empty if there are no deferred
Returns a string representation of the given transaction status. If the status is active or rolling back
Add a set of cache dependencies to the event listeners.
Extract the list of database dialects from the SQL statement.
investigatedialect is called when the connection or database has been closed.
identifydialect returns the name of the dialect or null if it is not a dialect.
Checks if the database is ready to be used. If not it will create a new connection
Convert a string to a Date object using the scheduler_date_format. If the string
Sets the nodename parameter of a prepared statement. If the timerstate is in_timeout
Mark the given deployment unit as a marker.
Reads the parameters from the inputstream and returns them as an array of objects.
Writes a value to the given outputstream.
Write an exception to the outputstream.
Recursive method to find a value in the index. This method will walk up the class hierarchy
Called at the beginning of a SFSB creation. This method is called when the thread
Marks the end of a callstack creation. This method is called when the thread is exiting
Returns the last element of the invocation stack or null if the stack is empty.
Pushes the given extended entity managers onto the call stack. The extended entity managers will be
Pops the last sfsbcall from the stack and removes it from the stack.
Get the current call from the stack. If the stack is empty null is returned.
Deploys the Weld module to the Weld module specification.
Returns the type IDL name for the given class.
Insert a primitive into an Any object.
Returns the javatoidl name of the given name.
Returns true if the string s is a reserved IDL keyword false otherwise.
Returns the signature of the given class.
Returns the signature of the given method.
primitivetypeidlname returns the primitivetypeidlname for the
Returns the batch permission for the given name. If the name is the same as the current
Get or create an entitymanager scoped to the given puscopedname with the given synchronization
Associates the specified value with the specified key. If the key already exists the old value is
Convert a camelcase security role to a rolenode.
Returns the most recent entity version of the given timer implementation or null if there is none.
Get a map of timers for a given object id.
Returns the directory for the given timedobjectid. If the directory does not exist it is
Add a naming listener to the target scope.
removelistener is called when a naming listener is removed from the list of listeners
Fires a naming event. This method is called when a new binding is added or removed
A consumer that closes the autocloseable object. If the autoclose fails to close the
Adds a private credential to the subject.
Get an object instance using the object factories specified in the context s object_factories environment
Add the txmanagementinterceptor for the given view.
Substitutes a string from a string to another string.
Create the transport configuration for the INVM connector.
If the configured name starts with the addear prefix it will be prepended to the parent
Returns the root deploymentunit of the given deploymentunit or null if there is no parent.
Returns the name of the service.
Create a new viewconfiguration instance.
Create an injectionsource for the given service name using the given classloader and appclient flag.
Returns a list of interceptor factories for the given method. The list will be sorted by the
Add a view interceptor factory to the list of interceptors that will be called when a view is
Add a view interceptor for a given method. The interceptor will be executed in the given priority
Returns a list of client interceptors for the given method. The list will be sorted by the
Add a client interceptor factory to the list of interceptors that will be called for each cached method
Add a client interceptor for a given method. If the method already has an interceptor associated with
Put a private data of the given type.
Throw an exception for an unexpected element in an XML stream.
Gets the jaxwsejbs attached to the given deployment unit.
Gets the jaxwspojoos from the deployment unit.
Get the endpoint name from the servlet metadata.
Get the endpoint classname from the servlet metadata.
Returns the servlet metadata for the servlet with the specified name or null if not found.
Get an attachment from the given deployment unit or throw an illegalstateexception if the attachment is
Get an optional attachment from a deployment unit.
Get the jbosswebmetadata from the given deploymentunit or null if there is none.
Get the jbosswebservicemetadataportcomponent for the given deployment unit and name.
Gets the webservicemetadata ejbendpoint.
Get the contextroot of a deployment.
Returns the class for the given class name. If the class does not exist it will be
Returns the URL of the named resource or null if the resource is not found.
Returns a collection of URLs for all of the resources of the given name. The name is
Returns a list of servlet resources at the given path.
Pops the last entity manager off the stack and closes all open entity managers.
Get the entity manager associated with the given puscopedname or null if none is associated
Register the cleanuplistener to be called when a cleanuplist event is received.
Check if the deployment unit is a war and if so deploy it if not do nothing.
Returns true if all fields of a class are public.
Creates a new httpendpoint and adds it to the deployment.
Create a new deployment for the given deployment unit.
Returns true if the given deploymentunit is a JAXRS deployment or false if it is a
Sets the next timeout for this timer. If the next timeout is null then the timer is
Sets the state of the timer. This method should only be called if the state is in
Merge the given list of resteasydeploymentdata objects into this object.
Deploys the module into the deployment. The module specification is attached to the deployment unit
Add a dependency for the remote views of the given ejbcomponentdescription.
Returns the set of all container interceptors.
Returns true if the given method is on the given interface or if it is on the given
Check that only one of the given elements is not already present in the seen set.
Returns the type of the given classname. If the classname is null then null is returned.
Returns the component type at the given index in the parameterizedtype or null if the index is
Parse a compound name from a string representation.
Convert a string into a vector of component names.
Parse a component from a string.
Deactivate this object. This method should be called when the object is no longer needed.
Returns a reference to the object in the repository. If the object is already in the repository
Authenticates the user using the given username and password. If username and password are null
Returns true if the given class is a subtype of a subtype of a subtype of a subtype
Looks up a binding by name.
Unbinds a binding from a context. If the binding is not bound to a context
Instantiates a bean using the specified bean metadata config. The bean will be instantiated using the
Configures the given bean with the given bean metadata. If nullify is true the bean will
Dispatches the lifecycle joinpoint for the given bean and lifecycle config. If the lifecycle config
Returns the current selector or the default selector if none is currently set.
Convert a bean name to a servicename. If the state is null it defaults to installed
Returns the servicename for the given class and state. If state is null returns the installed
Get an eemoduleclassdescription by its name.
Process the annotations of the given deployment unit.
This method is called after all the persistence units have been added to the persistence. xml file
Validates the given descriptor. Throws an exception if the given descriptor is invalid. If the given
Creates the web application descriptor and adds it to the given deployment unit.
Create the web application descriptor.
Get the bean authentication method for a deployment.
Deploys the service. xml file to the deployment unit. If the deployment unit is
handlestatelesssessionbean - handlestatelesssessionbean - handl
Create a subclass of the given class. The class will be created if it does not exist
Returns an anonymous object id for the given object id.
Returns a copy of the list of registered persistence providers. This method is thread - safe.
Clear the cached deployment providers for a set of classloader. This is done by removing all providers
Adds a persistenceprovider to the list of deploymentclassloaders.
Find the parent classloader of the given classloader that is not an instance of moduleclassloader.
Deploys the JBossService. xml file to the deployment unit. This method
Add persistence unit metadata to the list of persistence units.
Sets the annotation indexes for the given deploymentunit. The annotation indexes are stored in a hash
Returns the persistence provider adaptor for the given persistence unit. If the adapter is not found it
saveperdeploymentsharedpersistenceprovideradaptor saveperdeploymentsharedpersistenceprovideradaptor
Lookup the persistence provider for the given persistence unit. If no provider is found the default provider
Returns the set of classes that are annotated with the given set of URIs.
Create the ejbarchivemetadata for the given deployment.
buildenterprisebeanmetadata - Build the enterprise bean metadata.
This method is called when a participant needs to be refreshed. It is called when a participant
Returns true if the class has been created and false if it has not been created.
Returns the containeranalysis object for the given class or null if the class was not found.
Creates a new instance of the given class and adds it to the workinprogress map.
Returns the javatoidl module name of this class. The idl module name is
Converts an integer into a hexadecimal string. If the string is shorter than the number of characters
Converts a long into a hexadecimal string.
Returns true if the given method is an accessor of this class.
Returns true if the given method is a mutator.
Returns true if the given method has non - app exceptions.
Returns the attribute name of the given attribute name. If the attribute name starts with str_
Returns the name of the attribute. If the name starts with str_ then the name is
Fix up overloaded operation names. This is done by checking all overloaded operations in the
Fixup the casenames of the entries in the list.
Returns a string that can be used as an absolute path name. This method is used to
Parse an XTS environment element and add it to the given modelnode.
Parse the default context propagation element.
Process the attributes of an XML element.
Load a module by its fully qualified name and return a list of all registered persistence providers.
Create an addstephandler that adds the given child type to the model.
This method is called during the deployment phase of the deployment process. It is called by the
Write an attribute to an xmlstreamwriter.
Creates a remote session. This method is called by the server when a remote session is created
Infer the destination name from the given address.
Register a set of endpointhandlers for a given endpoint class.
Returns a set of XML names associated with the given job name or an empty set if the
Initializes this class loader with the given class loader.
Returns the relative path of the request. If the relative path is null or equal to str
Create a new resolver using the given URL and environment.
Looks up the object with the given name. If the object does not exist it is created
Binds the given object to the given name. If the object already exists it will be replaced
Unbinds the named component from the naming context.
Returns a bindingenumeration for this context or null if this context does not have a binding
Call the destroy method of the given namingcontext. This method will throw an exception if the
Destroys the named subcontext.
Create a new context and bind it to the given path. The path is assumed to be
Creates a new javax. naming. context with the given name.
Looks up a file in the system with the given name. If the file does not exist
Adds a property to the environment. If the property already exists it will be overwritten.
Removes the value of the specified property from the environment.
Add transformation information to a ResourcetransformationDescriptionBuilder.
Remove a security domain from the security manager.
Look up a JNDI name in the JAAS context. If the JAAS
Create a modular reference for the given type and factory class.
Creates a modular reference for the given classname and factory class.
Creates a modular reference from the given type and address and factory class.
Returns a localidltype for the given typecode. If the typecode is a
Wait for a security domain to be up.
computemaskedpassword is a helper method that returns the hashed password for the user.
Initializes the security vault. This method is called when the client is connected to the vault.
Start a vault session with the specified vault alias. The vault alias is used to identify the
Print the vault attributecreateddisplay for the given vaultblock and attributename
Display the vault configuration.
Returns a string representation of the vault configuration. The vault configuration includes the keystoreurl maskedpassword
Checks if the given value is not null and throws an exception if it is null.
Returns the deployment service name for the given RAN name and activation. If the RAN
Insert a string value into an Any object.
Returns true if this permission implies the given permission.
Returns a string representation of the actions in this sequence.
Returns the name of the log file.
Sends a state change notification to the client.
Get the value of the given type. If the type is a class or a parameterized type
Returns the servicename of the current context or null if the current context is not in the
Returns the set of all available interceptors.
Adds a method interceptor to the interceptor list.
Add a dependency to this component.
Returns the list of interceptor factories associated with the given method. The list is sorted by the
Returns a list of around timeout interceptors for the given method. The list is sorted by the
Adds a timeout view interceptor to the list of interceptors associated with the given method with the given
Adds a new aroundconstruct interceptor factory to the list of aroundconstruct interceptors. The priority of
Add a post - construct interceptor factory to the list of interceptors that will be executed after the
Adds an interceptor factory to the list of interceptors to be called when a resource is destroyed.
Add a pre - passivate interceptor factory to the list of pre - passivate interceptors.
Add an interceptor factory that will be called after the activation of the application.
Set the component createsvicefactory.
Remove all jndialiases from the given list of entries.
Add the remote transport providers to the builder.
Returns the context service name for the given app module and component.
Returns the context service name for the given app and module.
Returns the bindinfo object for the given enventryname in the given app module comp.
Returns the bindinfo object for the given JNDI name.
Returns a concurrent map of principal - > domaininfo. This method is thread - safe.
Returns an array of valuemember objects representing the value members defined in this key definition.
Return an array of valuemember objects representing the typecode of the value member.
Creates a new root node for the federation subsystem. This is the root node of the
Parse an XML config element into a modelnode. The modelnode will be added to the
This method is called at the beginning of the service. It is called when the service is
Returns the servicename for the job operator.
Add a component to the deployment.
Adds a messagedestination to the list of messagedestinationmappings for the given name.
Returns a set of viewdescriptions for the given viewtype and virtualfile.
Returns a set of component descriptions for the given component name.
Returns a set of viewdescriptions for the given componentname and viewname. If the component
Resolve a messagedestination to a virtualfile in the given deploymentroot.
Builds the transformers for version 2. 0 of HornetqServer 2. 0.
Adds a reject check for each defined attribute to the ResourcetransformationDescriptionBuilder.
Pop the identity from the context state cache. This method is called by the context manager when
Loads the module identifiers for the current implementation module and the API module for the current injection module
Check that all versions are present in the library and that they are present in the library.
Returns the slot for the given version. If the given version is null returns the default slot
Get the typecode for a constant of the given class. If the class is not known
Add a typecode for a given class.
If the remainder is a module name then return the container. Otherwise return the container itself.
Add the base interfaces of the given container analysis.
Add the abstract base valuetypes of a container. This method is used to add the values
Adds the given class to the list of classes. If the class is a primitive it is
Add an interface to the analysis.
Add a value to the valuedef. This is used to add a value to a value
Addexception of an exception. This method is called when an exception is encountered during an
Returns the class level injection type for the given annotation instance.
Initialize the naming store. If the store has not been initialized this method will be called.
This method is called when the context is stopped. This method is called when the context is
Check if the given method is allowed by the current interceptor context. If the interceptor context is
Check if transaction sync is enabled for the given method type.
Get all component classes from the given war metadata and the given TLDs metadata.
Get the waitingontxcompletiontimers for the current transaction. If the current transaction is
Get the extrapolates parameters from the given parameters. The extrapolates parameters
Get the parameters from the modelnode.
Convert a Java type to a Java class.
Convert the given value to the given class. If the class is null then the value is
Get the types of the given array of valueconfigs. If the array is null or empty
Returns true if the given types are the same length as the given types.
Returns the next element in the binding list.
Returns true if there are more bindings in the batch. If there are no more bindings returns
Map a java. lang. Object to a java. naming. Object.
This method is called when an observer of a healthcheck is observed. It adds it to
This method is called when the server shuts down. It removes all healthchecks from the
Returns the handle for the given locator.
Convert the given modelnode to an enum value of the given class.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
Check that two elements are not already present in the seen set.
Add a new component to the list of available components.
Adds a set of classloaders for the given toplevel classloader.
Unbinds the component with the given name. If the component does not exist this method
Lookup the object with the given name. If the name is empty the default name is used
Return a list of nameclasspairs for the given name. If the given name is empty
Returns a list of all bindings with the given name. If the given name is empty the
Add a context handle factory to the chain.
Save the given context object properties to the given context service and return a handle that can be
Create the IO subsystem if it doesn t already exist.
Create the migration operations for the welcomecontent handler.
Get a bean from the pool. If the pool is full the bean will be returned.
Calculates the operation analysis map. This method is called by the constructor to initialize the operation analysis
Collect all resource metrics for the given resource and return a metricregistration object that can be used
Doprepare a wsendpoint deployment unit. The wsendpoint deployment unit is
Dodeploy the given target with the given deployment unit. This method is called by the
dopublish is called when a target is published to a deployment. This method is called
Stop the web application in the given deployment.
Start the WeldService. This method is called when the WeldService is started.
Register an endpoint configuration for the given endpoint class.
This method is called when a timeout occurs. This method is called when a timeout occurs.
This method is called after the timeout processing of a timer. This method is called by the
Returns an array of the declared methods of the given class. If the current user is a
Get the declared fields of a class. If the user is a privileged action it will
Returns a constructor for the given class with the given parameters. If the user has not privileges
Get a method from the given class with the given name and parameters. If the method is
Adds the messaging - activemq extension to the migration operations.
Returns true if the given parameter is allowed for the given resource type.
Migrates the factory class to the new factory class in the modelnode.
Cancels the state machine. If the state machine is already cancelled the state machine will be
Returns true if the thread is not cancelled.
Sets the type of this object. This method must be called from within a synchronized block.
Returns true if this function can be executed without an index. If the identifier is null then
Finds all classes in the given directory and its subdirectories. If the given directory is a file
Returns a list of all classes that implement the given interface in the given package.
Returns the generic multivaluetype for the given field.
Checks if the left and right values are present in the current record.
Derives the field type from the given field name and the requested field type.
Updates an existing ORecord. If the record is not a valid ORecord it will be
Find the record with the given id. If the record is found the cache_hit and
Get the minimal set of nodes for a sharded query. This is the set of nodes
Returns a list of oandblocks where the elements of the flattenedwhereclause
Add the order by projections to the queryplanninginfo if necessary.
Extract all subqueries from the queryplanninginfo.
Returns true if the RID is from one of the cluster names in the filter set.
handle class with indexforsortonly.
Returns true if the given class is a diamond hierarchy false otherwise.
Returns true if info. orderby is non - null and has the same type as info.
Returns true if the given keycondition requires multiple index lookups.
Find the best index for the given class.
Returns the common factor between the two lists of indexsearchdescriptors.
Creates a new instance of odocumentsmartfieldhandlingstrategy based on the specified strategy.
Check if the user is allowed to access this document. If the user is not allowed to
Checks if a resource rule is defined for this role. If the rule is not defined an
Returns the compact server status of the given distrib. cfg document.
Initialize the system database. This method is called when the system database has been initialized.
Load the local databases from the server instance.
Called when a member is removed from the cluster. This method is called when a member is
Acquires a new lock manager and returns the name of the lock manager. If the lock
Assign a lock manager from the current cluster.
Commits the current document to the database. If the current document is the last document in the
Rolls back to the previous state. If the current state is not active an error is
Updates the identity after a record commit.
Delete all records from the local cache after rollback.
Prepare for file creation or replacement.
Try to move the source file to the target file. If the target file does not exist
Returns a list of patterns that are disjoint from this pattern tree.
Execute only locally if the executor is idempotent or if the executor is not idempotent.
This method is called for each character in the input stream. It appends the characters to the
Returns true if the socket is connected to the server.
Merges two bytebuffers into a short.
Split a short into two byte buffers.
Execute the SELECT statement and return the number of properties in the class. If the SELECT statement
Add a value to the index. If the key is null then this is a no -
Removes the value associated with the given key. If the key is null this method returns false
Runs the command and returns the result as a list of objects. If the result is a
Executes the query and returns the first result or null if there are no results.
Create the file. This method is called when the file is opened. The file will be
Checks that the given offset and length are valid. If not an exception is thrown.
Replaces the content of the current file with the new content of the given file.
Sends a command to the server.
Ends the current request and releases the write lock. This method is called when the request is
Add the host to the end of the host string. If the host starts with localhost add
Begin a new request on the specified network.
Get the underlying database object.
Returns a connection to the specified channel with the specified protocol. This method is called by the
Kills the given connection.
This method is called when an interrupt is received from an IRC channel. This method is
Disconnect a client from the server.
Push the given distribcfg to all the clients that support legacypushmessages.
Swaps the value at the given index with the given newvalue.
Release all locks held by this object. This method is called when the object is no longer
Synchronizes the schema of all registered entities with the database. If the database is autom
Update the metadata for the given metric name with the given IDescription and metric type.
Returns the last record in the cluster iterator.
Returns the next character in the input stream or - 1 if there are no more characters.
Execute the ofind query and return a list of all of the objects that are referenced by
Set replication error callback.
Register a new compression class.
Get the maximum number of open files in the database. This is the maximum number of open
Returns true if the target of the expression is allowed to execute the given operator on the right
Moves the specified position in the buffer to the specified position in the interface rom.
Fills the buffer with the given length with the given byte.
Executes the step until the return value is found. If no return value is found the last
Executes all the steps in the sequence until a return value is found. If no return value
This method is called by the OQueryEngine to evaluate a single record. This method is
Executes the parser with the given arguments.
Loads a configuration from the OStorage. This method is thread - safe and should not be
Parses the given request and returns a new instance of this class. If the request is a
Executes the request with the given input parameters.
Update the set of nodes that need to be scheduled at the given start node.
Adds an index definition to the list of index definitions. If the indexdefinition is a mult
Creates a new projection item from this one and splits it into an aggregateprojectionsplit object.
Returns the type of the source object. If the source object is a document or a map
Get the collate for the given document or null if the document is not a document.
Get the value of the field as a string. If the field contains a string replace it
Advances the probe index by one bit.
Execute the OCommand.
Build a odocument object from a json file. The json file must be in the form
Checks if the password matches the given hash.
Creates a hash of the input string using the specified algorithm and optionally include the specified algorithm.
Returns true if the given algorithm is supported by this library false otherwise.
Creates a new cluster index. The cluster index will be rebuilt if rebuild is true.
Returns an iterable of vertices in the graph. If the graph is active and the number of
Returns an iterable of all edges in the graph. If the graph is in an active transaction
Get the partition key for this task.
Get the distributed timeout for this CRUD task. The timeout is the number of seconds to
Get the set of features that are supported by this graph.
Returns true if changes were filled up to the given pageindex. If the container is null
parsetimeout Parses the timeout string and sets the timeout strategy. If the timeout
parselock. Parses the next word and returns it. If the next word is
Creates a cluster in the system database. If the cluster already exists it will be replaced.
Frees the cluster with the given cluster id.
Register the profiler hook to get the size of the file in bytes and the size of the
Shuts down the OrientDB instance. This method is called when the OrientDB
Creates a new oscriptresultset from the given entity. The entity will be transformed into
Grant access to resourcespecific on the specified ioperation level.
Revokes access to a resource in a given operation.
Returns true if the record is valid. If the record is valid it is added to the
Resets the hash table to the zero state. The hash table must be sorted in ascending order
Returns the index of the given item in the hash table.
Spreads an integer into a random number. The number must be less than or equal to
Creates a new index of the given type. The type must be the same as the type
Drops all indexes related to this property.
Returns the first index in the list of indexes that are involved in this scope. This method
Returns the oclass that is linked to this class.
Convert the embedded set into an embedded set. The embedded set will contain the indexes of the
Remove an ORecordListener from the list of listeners. If the list is empty remove all
Register a database with the manager. If a database with the given name already exists it is
Timeout the request with the given message id.
Creates a copy of this document.
Try to merge two osbtreeridbag objects into this one.
Replaces the delegate collection with a treebag with the given pointer. The delegate collection will be
If result is not a map return it. Otherwise return the original object.
Adds a new cluster to the database. If the cluster does not exist it will be created
Closes the database pool. This method should be called when the pool is no longer needed.
Called when an ostorage instance is unregistered. This method is called when an ostorage instance
Returns a set of the names of all the function types registered in the OSQL module.
Returns a set of all the collatenames of all the collatefactories.
Returns a set of all the command names of all the registered command factories.
Get the size of the field and the type from the current position of the bytes container.
Write an HTTP status code and a reason to the response.
Write the response headers to the response object.
Write an array of records to the response using the specified ifetchplan.
Write an ORecord to the response.
Sends an HTTP response with the specified status code reason content type and content.
Sends a stream to the client. The stream will be closed when the client closes the connection
Open an ODB database connection.
Closes this document. The document is not closed if it is already closed. If the document
Listen for changes in a collection. This method is called when a collection has been changed.
This method is called when a completecomponent operation has completed. It is called by the
Pushes the counters for each component in the snapshot to the counters map. If the component
Push a new writecountersholder onto the current snapshot. If the holder is null
Push a storagecountersholder onto the snapshot. If the holder is null it will be
Push a WAL counter holder onto the snapshot. If the holder is null the current holder is
Pushes the given holder to the given component s counters. If the component does not exist
Stop the write cache flushtimer for the given number of pagesflushed.
Stop the fuzzy checkpoint timer and record the time taken since the last time it was called.
Stop the full checkpoint timer and record the time taken since the last time it was last checkpoint
Stop the commit timer and record the duration of the last time it took to run.
Stop the WAL record timer. This method is called when the WAL record timer is stopped.
Stop the WAL flush timer and record the time since the last time it was last flushed.
Parse an OSQL statement from a string. This method is used to parse the OSQL
Initializes the message queue thread. This method is called when the queue thread is started.
Initializes the timer to check if known servers are alive and if so disconnect from the server.
removerecord removes the record from the database. If the record does not exist an exception
Set the value of a property. If the property does not exist it will be created.
Removes the property with the given key from the current record. If the record does not exist
Checks to see if the given classname is in the schema. If not it returns the classname
Wrap a cursor in an oindexchangeswrapper.
Defines an import strategy for vertex attributes.
Defines an import strategy for the edge properties of the specified attribute.
Returns a list of new recordentries of the specified class or null if the class is null
Get a list of ORecordEntry objects corresponding to the cluster IDs specified.
Add an index entry to the index.
Merges two sets into a single set. If the target set is null the source set is
Returns true if the condition is met. If the condition is met it will throw an exception
Returns true if the function can be executed on the right side of an indexed function without an
Prepare the keys to be indexed.
Add a page to the pagecache. If the page is already in the pagecache then
Read a page from the file and return it as a byte array. If the page is
Truncates the page at the given index to the end of the file.
Opens the file for writing. This method is called when the file is opened. This method
Returns true if replication is active for the given cluster and local node.
Get the new node strategy.
Returns true if the execution mode of the specified cluster is synchronous or false if it is not
Returns true if read_your_writes is set in the cluster configuration or false if
Returns a hashmap of cluster names to the servers in iclusternames. If icluster
Returns a set of servers that are configured in the cluster with the given names.
Checks to see if a server is contained in all of the clusters in the given collection.
Returns true if the given server is contained in the given cluster. If the cluster is null
Get the list of servers configured in the cluster configuration.
Returns a set of all servers configured in the cluster.
Returns a set of cluster names that contain the specified inodename.
Returns a set of all cluster names owned by the specified server.
Returns the owner of the specified cluster.
Returns the owner of the specified cluster or null if the cluster is not configured.
Get the list of servers configured for the specified cluster.
Returns a set of the names of the servers that have been registered with the server manager.
Returns a set of all datacenters configured in the configuration file.
Get the write quorum for a given datacenter.
Returns true if the cluster is sharded.
Get the list of servers for a given datacenter.
Returns the datacenter of the given server.
Returns the global read quorum for the specified cluster or null if the cluster doesn t exist.
Get the write quorum for a given cluster.
Returns the configuration for the specified cluster name. If the cluster name is null then all_
Get the configuration for a given datacenter.
Clear the initialization stack and remove the active graph from the active graph stack.
Get an index by name and index class. If the index does not exist or the index
Drops an index from the database.
Adds a vertex with the given id to the graph. The vertex is added to the graph
This method is called when an edge is added to the graph. It is called by the
Returns the vertex with the given id. The id must be an OIdentifiable object.
Returns an iterable of vertices of the given class name. If the class does not exist an
Returns an iterable of edges of the specified class or all edges of the specified class if the
Returns the OrientedEdge object corresponding to the given OIdentifiable object. If the
Reuse an existing OrientDB database. This method is called by OrientDB when it
Shuts down the database. If closedb is true the database will be closed otherwise it
Returns the vertexbasetype of this graph.
Get the type object for the given class name. If the class does not exist null is
Create a new version type with the specified classname and number of clusters.
Drops a version of the class named itypename from the database.
Get an OrientedGetype object for the given class name. If the class name
Create an object of the specified class with the specified number of clusters. The object will be
Returns the element with the given id or throws an exception if there is no such element.
Drops an index for an element of a given class and key. The index will be
Remove a backgroundexceptionlistener from the list of backgroundexceptionlisteners
Fires a backgrounddataflushexceptionevent to all registered listeners.
Stop monitoring the system and all of its components. This method should be called when the system
registermbean - Registermbean for operformancestatistic storage.
unregistermbean unregisters an object from the registry.
Fetch the counters from the cache and store them in the writecachecountersholder
Fetch the system counters from the countersholder.
Fetch the counters for a given component.
Returns the value of the property with the given name or the given default value if the property
Detaches the given object from this object.
Returns the version of the given object. If the object is not found returns - 1.
Executes the given command on the underlying database and returns the result as an instance of ocommand
Sets the given object as dirty. If the object does not exist it will be created.
Unsets the dirty flag for the given object.
Returns a set of all the index types in the system. This is the set of all
Returns a set of all available index engines.
Returns a list of nodes that have no response.
Returns a list of the responses that conflict with the current response groups.
Returns the index of the first response group that has the maximum number of responses.
Computes the quorum response.
Returns a list of received ODISCAPED responses from the server. The returned list
Get an execution plan for the given statement. If the statement is null null is returned.
Returns true if this operator allows the execution of an indexed function on the given target clause.
Returns the library name for the given database and language.
Release a databaseengine from the object pool. This method is called when a databaseengine is
Get the next position in the cache.
Updates the size of the tree. This is the sum of all changes applied to the tree
Get the value at the given index in the array.
Returns true if the order of the fields in the index can be used after a filter.
Indexofoutsidestrings. Indexofoutsidestrings is the same
Jump to the first occurence of a white space in the given character sequence.
Jump to the next character in the given sequence in order to match the given character sequence.
Sets the fetch plan for the OQuery object.
Enqueuere pairrecord. Enqueuere pairrecord is only enqueu
Cancel a repair record. This method is called when a record is deleted from the cluster.
enqueuerepaircluster is called when a cluster is enqueuerepaird
Get the dependencies of the given pattern. This includes all aliases that are involved in the pattern
Creates a POJO of the specified class. If the class is not found an exception is
Registers the given entity classes with the given classloader.
Registers the given entity class. If recursive is true the entity class will be recursively registered.
Set the entity manager class handler.
Acquires a database from the pool.
Get the number of available connections for a given user.
Acquires a database from the pool.
Execute the REPLACE command.
Returns an iterator over the providers of the given class using the OrientationClassLoader. The iterator
Checks if the current system s max memory is greater than or equal to the physical memory limit
Create a vertex object from a JSON object.
Create an edge from a JSON object.
Convert an element to a JSON object using the GraphSON utility.
Create an objectnode from an element.
Execute an import on the given server using the given ODocument. The ODocument will be
Returns the status of the current job.
Returns a hashmap of the datacenter to the set of servers that are actived on.
Separates the algorithm from the given string and returns the first element of the string.
Creates an osymmetric key from a keyconfig object.
Creates an osymmetric key from a file. The file is read from the system variables
Creates a new osymmetric key from the given inputstream.
Encrypt the given byte array using the given transform.
Writes the base64 encoded key to the given outputstream.
Saves the contents of this keystore to the specified outputstream. The outputstream will be
Set the child context. If icontext is null then this is a no - op.
Adds an object to the uniqueresult list. If the object is a new object it
Get the value of a field as an object or a hashmap. If inomap
Authenticates the database with the given username and password.
Returns the value of the given entry in the given map. If the key is a string
Returns the record associated with this object. This method is called by the derived class when the
Read the current record. This method is called when a new record is added to the queue
Get an OrcGraph instance that can be used to create a new transaction.
Returns a new instance of the OrientDB Notx object that can be used to communicate
Sets up the database pool for the OrientGraph factory. This method is called by the
Returns the value of the property with the given name in the current locale.
Stop the current transaction. If the current transaction is successfully committed or rolled back the current transaction
Get the next token in the input stream.
Returns the token at the given index in the source. If the index is greater than the
Returns an iterable of all vertices in the document in the specified direction in the specified labels.
Remove this vertex from the database.
Adds a new edge to the graph with the given label. If the label is a partition
Adds an edge to the graph with a label greater than or equal to the given label.
Returns the connection class for the given direction and field name. If the given direction is out
Returns a connection object for the given direction and class name. If no class name is given
Process the broken rids from the JSON file and add them to the list of broken rid
Returns a map of console method names to objects that can be called by the console.
Executes a task on a local node.
Returns the number of nodes in the given collection with the given status for the given databasename
Wait for the next retry. This is done by sleeping a random number between 0 and
Returns the argument at the specified position.
Checks if the request has any of the given parameters. Returns the number of parameters found.
Connect to the OServer.
Lists all databases in the server.
Returns information about the server. This method is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Checks to see if a database with the given name exists.
Drop a database from the server.
freezedatabaserequest - Request freezedatabaserequest
Release a database from the server. This is a no - op if the database does not
Returns the cluster configuration as a JSON object.
Get the current OrientDB graph. If the current graph is an OrientDB graph
This method is called when the parser tries to parse a retry or wait statement. This method
saves a record to the database
Delete a persistent record from the database. If the record is not persistent nothing is done.
Returns the authentication header for the given databasename.
Authenticates the user and returns the principal of the user. If the user is not
Returns true if the user is authorized to execute the specified resource.
Shuts down the server if it is not already shut down.
Adjusts the line and column numbers for the beginning of a token. The line and column
Sets the bucket pointer at the given page offset.
Returns the bucket pointer at the given offset.
Ends an atomic operation. If rollback is true the operation is rolled back otherwise the operation is
Acquires an exclusive lock on an atomic operation. If the lock is already acquired it is
Changes the maximum amount of memory that can be read.
Listen for incoming connections on the specified host and port range. If a connection is found it
Reads the parameters from the server configuration and creates a new instance of the ocontextconfiguration class
Shuts down the log manager. If the log manager is an instance of ShutdownLogManager
Add an item to the cache. If the item is already in the cache it will be
Remove a key from the cache. If the key is not in the cache null is returned
Acquires a key from the cache. If the key is not in the cache null is
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Removes all entries from the read buffer.
Closes the file associated with the given key. If the file does not exist nothing is done
Empty all the read buffers. This is called when all the read buffers have been flushed.
This method is called after a write operation. It adds the task to the state buffer and
Put an entry into the read buffer and drain the read buffer if needed.
Put an oclosableentry in the read buffer.
Returns the closest power of two greater than or equal to the given value.
This method processes a single olivequerypushrequest and dispatches it to the appropriate listeners
Converts the given key to an enum value. If the key already exists it is overwritten.
Converts all the entries in the underlying map to their corresponding enum values.
Returns the object serializer for the given type or null if no serializer is registered for the given
Initialize the shutdown queue. This method should be called at the beginning of the startup of the
Returns the engine with the given name or null if no such engine exists.
Create a new readersentry and add it to the list of read states.
Authenticates the user with the given authtoken. If the authtoken is
Create the metadata for the current entity.
Try acquiring a lock and return true if it was acquired.
Returns the vertex in the specified direction. If the direction is out then the out vertex is
Returns the id of the element.
Sets the value of a property. If the property does not exist it will be created.
Removes a property from the current element.
Removes all entries from the cache.
Deletes the bucket from the file system. The bucket will be recycled after this call
End the batchimporter. This method should be called at the end of the batchim
Create a new vertex in the graph. If the vertex already exists it will be overwritten.
Parses the strategy keyword and sets the traverse. strategy property.
Get the positions from an embedded collection. This method is used to get the positions of the
Executes the command and returns the result. If no index is specified an exception is thrown.
If the field value is an oidentifiable and the clusterid and position are the same
Fills the given record with data from the given buffer. The record must be of type o
Sets the version of the given record to the given version number.
Returns the record type of the given ORecord or null if it is not a ORecord
Initializes the database instance. If the database instance has not yet been initialized this method will retry
Prints the stack trace of an exception to the console.
Convert a link to a record. If the status is multivalue_content_type
Register an OServerCommand instance with the server.
Creates an oserveruserconfiguration object from a OServer user document.
Analyzes the given osqlfiltercondition and returns a list of indexsearchresults.
Creates an oindexsearchresult object from the given osqlfiltercondition and iitem.
Attaches all fields of the given object to the given object. This method is called by
Returns the OClass for the given classname. If the classname is null null is returned.
Returns the next available value in the cache. If executeviadistributed is false the
Truncates this class and all its sub - classes.
Adds an ibaseclass to this class. The ibaseclass must be a subclass of
Add the polymorphic clusterids to the indexes.
Linktostream is a helper method to create an oidentifiable object from a link
Releases an opointer back to the pool. If the pool is full the opointer is
Checks if memory leaks are detected and logs them if not.
Removes all pointers from the memory pool and deallocates all of them from the memory pool
Convert a byte array to an integer.
This method is called when the node is opened. This method is called when the node is
Installs clusters of a given class in the given database.
Dumps the current server status to the output.
Returns the index of the specified object in the array or - 1 if the object is not
Returns the index of the specified object in the specified array or - 1 if the object is
Returns a set of cluster names that have been involved in the target query.
Handle the result of a query. This method is called when the query has been executed.
Get the counter for the temporary RID of this query. If this query has a parent
Reports a message to the profiler. The message will be displayed to the user when the user
Parses the FETCHPLAN keyword and sets the fetchplan parameter of the current request.
Checks to see if the given keyword is the nocache keyword and if so sets the n
Returns true if optimizes the sort of the given class or false if it does not.
Returns the current status of the batcher.
Executes the command with the given arguments and returns the result of the command. This method is
Called when a JVM error occurs during the execution of a query.
Inserts a value into an existing index using the specified validator. The validator may be null.
Rolls back the current transaction. The current transaction must be the same as the given one
Execute a command in the context of the current thread. This method blocks until the command is
Registers a cluster with the cluster manager. If the cluster is already registered it will be replaced
Sets the property with the given name to the given value. If the given value is null
Creates a new class if it does not already exist and returns the number of created classes.
Execute the update database command.
Deletes a record from the database. If the record does not exist it will be created.
This method is called when a record has been changed. It is called by the ORecord
Deletes a record from the database. If the record does not exist it will be created.
Count the number of objects in the given view.
Count the number of instances of the given class.
Activates this document on the current thread. This method is called by the ODatabaseDocument
Register an OEncryption instance. This method will throw an exception if an object with the same
Returns the relative index of the chunk at the given position in the current chunk.
Returns the next word or null if there are no more words.
Parses the next word and returns it as a string. If the next word is not a
Returns the number of characters in the next sequence in the input string.
Returns true if the next word is an optional keyword and false if there are no more words
Checks if the given character is a separator in the given string. If it is the last
Execute the boolean command. If the count is greater than the number of records in the class
Clear the configuration files.
Returns the offset of the next byte in the array. Returns - 1 if the array is
Extract the token from the token store and return it as a string. The token will be
Acquires an accesstoken for the given resource. The accesstoken is
Copy the access token from the authentication details to the context s accesstoken.
Returns true if there are no more characters and false if there are no more characters.
Read a line from the input stream into the specified byte array using the specified lineterminator
Skips n bytes from the input stream and returns the number of bytes skipped.
Ensures that the given offset and length are within the given array length.
Swaps the two given indices with the given swapper. The swapper is assumed to
MurmurHash3 hash function.
MurmurHash3 hash function.
Writes the given bytebuffer to the underlying stream. If the stream is already open this method
Truncates the file to the given size.
Sets the current position of the stream. This method will flush the stream and then set the
No fail refreshendmetricsreporting. This method is called when a consumer fails to report metrics
A wait for the completion of the currently running tasks. This method will block until all the
Returns a stream of matches that match the given query.
Returns a set of the names of the compactions that are not dependent on any of the
Delete all snapshot files in the current directory. This method is called when a snapshot is deleted
Returns the hash code of the field at the given position in the given object s schema.
removereferencedoutsideclosure removes references that are outside of a closure.
This method is called when the Hollow producer has completed an announcement. It is called by
This method is called when a cycle has completed. This method is called when a cycle has
Reads the headertags from the inputstream.
Extract the primary key from the given object.
Clear all the elements in this set.
Reads all the ordinals from the given inputstream and adds them to the given listeners
Returns the estimated number of bits used in the sparse set.
Get the value of a field in a hollowdiffviewrow.
Copy the contents of the source array to the destination array.
Copy data from source position to destination position and return the number of bytes copied.
Returns true if the contents of this range are equal to the contents of compareto.
Copies the contents of a segmentedbytearray into another segmentedbytearray starting at a
Copy data from source position to destination position and return the number of bytes copied.
Reads from the given inputstream. The inputstream must be at least large enough to hold
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given outputstream starting at the given position and length
Ensure that the segment at the given index is available. If the segment is not yet available
Returns the position of the given field name. If the field name is not found - 1
Calculates the number of deduplicatesizes and the number of total number of selectbuckets.
Returns true if the given dataset has any collections indataset or sets indataset.
Generate the files for the hollow schemas.
Generate the files for all hollowschemas in the given directory.
Returns true if all of the keys in the array are equal to the values of the specified
Returns the key of the record at the given ordinal in the form of an array of objects
Create a fieldpath for a primary key. The path is assumed to be relative to the
Create a fieldpath for a hashindex. The fieldpath will be sorted according to the
Associates the given object with its ordinal in the hash table. If the object already exists it
Initialize the fieldpath with the last reftype in the fieldpath. The last reftype
Returns true if the prefix index contains the given key. The prefix index is assumed to be
Add an object field to the specified type.
Returns a list of all the schemas in the given collection ordered by their dependencies.
Initializes this class with default values for major version 3. This method is called when the class
Returns the number of the element at the given index.
Find all matching records for the given field name and field value.
Find all matching records for the given typename and field name and field value.
Sets the element key and non - key paths to match against.
Sets the key paths for the elements in the input array.
Restore from the last state of the announcement watcher. This method is called when the last state
Performs a runcycle. This method is not thread - safe and should only be called
Exclude the given key from the list of keys. If the key is not present in the
This method is called when there are no objects that need to be dereferenced. This is
Writes the HollowBlobHeader to the given dataoutputstream.
calculates the total heapfootprint and populated ordinals for all the types in the
Writes the field data to the given byte buffer. The byte buffer must be large enough to
Writes a fixed length integer to the given fieldbuffer.
Writes a fixed length long to the given fieldbuffer.
Return an ordinal to the pool.
Sort the freeordinals in the freeordinals array. The freeordin
Returns a hash code for the given key and fieldtype.
Returns a hash code for the given key and fieldtype. The key is expected to be
Resizes the storage to a new size. The storage will be re - allocated if necessary
Finds a free ordinal. If the preferred ordinal is - num_ then the preferred ordinal is
This method is called before writing to the file. This method is called when the file is
Compares the given serialized representation with the given key. The serialized representation is assumed to be in
Grows the key array by a new size. The key array must be at least num
Returns the hashcode of the data stored at the given key. The data is read from the
Create an empty key array with the given size.
Returns true if the values of this object are equal to the values of the other object.
Returns the type of the object that matches the given key or null if there is no match
Return a new readstatehelper with the current version and pending state engine swapped.
Returns the size of a hashtables array that can be used to create a hash table
Perform a hollow compaction cycle on the current read state.
Writes a snapshot of the current state to the given outputstream.
Writes the changed delta to the given outputstream. The outputstream will be closed after this
Add schemanames to schemanameset only if they are not primitive or collection.
Normalizes a field path to the top - level parameter name.
Rebuild the hash index.
Returns the number of objects in the hash table that match the given query. The query must
Trigger an asynchronous refresh with a random delay of maxdelaymillis. If maxdelaym
Trigger an async refresh with a delay of the specified number of milliseconds. If the delay is
Add a hollow typediff for the given type with the given primarykeypaths.
Writes a VInt to the outputstream.
Writes a variable - length integer to the given byte array at the given position.
Reads a vint from the inputstream.
Read a long value from the inputstream.
Add a view to the viewgroup. This method is called by the viewgroup s add
Refresh the loading viewssize depending on the direction of the loading view.
Update the uiformode of this node.
This method is called when the user clicks on a new item. This method is called when
Creates a new fact rule builder with the given name and value.
Adds one or more facts to the given rule.
Creates a builder for the given rule class and action type.
Creates a builder for a golden rule.
Creates a builder with the given facttype.
Creates a builder with the given resulttype.
Returns a builder for the given fact with the given name and value.
Creates a new builder for the given rule.
Returns a new thenrulebuilder that applies the given action to the current value of this then
Returns an instance of the given rule or null if the rule cannot be instantiated.
Returns the first non - null field annotated with the given annotation on the given class or null
Returns a method annotated with the given annotation on the given class or null if no such method
Returns the annotation of the given class or null if the class is not annotated with the given
Registers an auditable rule in the audit map.
Updates the status of an auditable rule. If the rule is already in the audit map
Returns a copy of the audit map with the current thread s pending rulestatus.
Returns a builder that can be used to build a new rulebook with the specified result type
Add an action that will be executed when the rule is satisfied. The action will be called
Adds an action to the then rule. The action will be executed when the rule is satisfied
Resets the value of this property to its default value. If the default value is null nothing
Creates a new rulebookrulewithfacttypebuilder with the given facttype.
Returns a list of all the pojorules in the package.
Read a blank line of text from a buffered reader and return it as a string.
Converts a list of services to an array of services. If the list is an arraylist
Get the list of ports from the build configuration.
Extract the list of port mappings from the configuration file.
Parse the portmapping option and return a serviceport object that can be used to create a
Add a port to the list if it is not null.
Returns null if the ports list is empty. Otherwise returns the first non - empty port.
Add missing service parts to the service builder.
Append an imagestream resource to the target file.
Returns true if the given serviceport matches the given intorstring. If the intor
Returns the value of the serviceport system property or the empty string if it is not set
Get the host and port for the given service name. If no host and port are specified
Adds the given value to the given map if it does not already exist.
Merges the contents of the given map into the given map if they are not already present in
Returns a new hashmap that merges the two given maps. If both maps are null the
Put all elements of toput into ret. If toput is null nothing is done.
Waits until a pod is ready.
Validates that the given string is a valid Kubernetes ID.
Convert an object to a list of hasmetadata objects.
Get the resource version of an entity.
Returns true if the pod is ready to run or false if it is not ready to run
Get the current context from the given configuration.
Returns true if the given listbuilder has a route with the given name.
Returns true if any of the given paths is a resource of the given project.
Read a fragment from a file and enrich it with the resource version information.
Convert a map of envvars to a list of envvars.
Merges two sources into a single one. If either source is a deployment or a configuration map
Merges the override map with the original map and removes any empty strings from the override map.
Returns true if any container in the podspec is a local customisation.
Read a configuration file into a map. The file must end with. json or. yml
Adds the given port to the given map if it is a valid port.
Get the docker. json configuration string for the specified serverid.
Get the plugin configuration for the given system and id.
Get the secret configuration for the given id.
Downloads a file from the given URL to the given target file.
Compares two version strings and returns the number of occurrences of the first occurrence or - 1 if
Blend the given profile with the given configuration and return a new processorconfig object.
Lookup a profile in the given directory.
Read a list of profiles from the class path.
Read all metainf profiles from the classpath with the given name and extension.
Search for a profile yaml file in the given directory.
Get the list of metainf profile paths for a given file extension.
Read a list of profiles from a YAML input stream.
Get the image pull policy from the resource config or the default value if the config is null
Returns true if the runtimemode is openshift mode or false if it is not
Returns the number of replicas in the deployment or the default value if the configuration is null.
Returns the first child element with the given tag name or null if no such child exists.
Installs a template into OpenShift. If the template already exists it will be overwritten.
Removes all tags with the given name from the given list of tags and returns the number of
applynamespace creates an entity in the specified namespace if it does not already exist
Adds a project to the list of projects to be applied to the current user s account.
Apply a projectrequest to the OpenShift cluster.
Get the namespace for the given entity. If the entity does not have a namespace return the
This method is called when an error occurs while applying an action. It logs the error and
Create the kubernetes resources.
Enriches the kubernetes list builder with the namespace information from the configuration.
Get the environment variables for this mojo. This is the environment variables for the main class
Returns the number of seconds in the duration specified as a string. Returns null if the duration
Converts a duration string into a bigdecimal. If the duration string is empty returns null.
Scan the build output directory for files that match the given patterns.
Disable the OpenShift features for the given applyservice.
Checks if the given service has an ingress rule.
Parse the given inputstream and return a map of file types to the list of file types
Returns the default icon reference. If the default icon reference is not found it returns null.
Copy all the files in the appconfig directory to the appbuilddir.
Get the properties from the given resource.
Returns the version of the spring boot.
Enriches the processor using the enricher configuration and the list of enrichers.
Get the raw config map for this processor.
Flattens the source map into a new map. The source map is not modified.
Returns a template that can be used to create a new instance of a kubernetes list.
Get the build reference date.
Returns the value of a generator property or the default value if the property does not exist.
Returns an unmodifiable map of the configuration values for the given configuration name. If the configuration does
Prepare a list of named processors based on the include patterns.
Adds the from configuration to the builder.
Returns the default frommode if mode is openshift and fromselector is redhat.
Returns the name of the image. If the name is not set in the project properties then
Get the registry from the project s properties or null if not in openshift mode.
Returns true if the server is online. If the server is not online returns the default value
Get the URL of an external service. If the service is not found null is returned.
Returns the value of the given property as a boolean or null if the property is not defined
Create a new jest client.
Creates a new internal node and returns its id.
Scan all plugins in the classpath. This method is intended to be called from the class loader
Creates a new americanexpressrewardsbalance object from a JSON string.
This method is used to get the rewards balance for a given currency code and nonce.
Creates a new paypalpaymentresource object from a JSON string.
Override the get method to add the authorization fingerprint to the request. This method is called by
Override this method to add the authorization fingerprint to the data before sending it to the client.
Creates a new venmoconfiguration object from the given JSON object.
Collect all the device data from the fragment and send them to the given listener.
Collect device data from the Braintree fragment and send it to the given listener.
Collects PayPal device data from the fragment and sends it to the given listener.
Get the clientmetadataid from the paypalonetouchcore and the paypaldata
Returns true if the signature is valid for the given package name certificatesubject certificateissuer and public
Get a property as a string. If the property is null return the fallback value.
Parse a list of paymentmethodnonces from a JSON body.
Get the checkout recipe for the current browser.
Returns the billingagreement recipe for the current browser or null if there is no billingagreement recipe
Performs a GET request on the specified path and calls the callback with the response. The path
Sends a POST request to the specified path with the specified data and calls the specified callback with
Sends a POST request to the specified path and returns the response as a string.
Approves a local payment using the Braintree API. This method is intended to
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that are registered with this instance of the class.
Removes a braintreelistener from the list of registered listeners.
Sends an analyticsevent to the fragment to request a billing agreement. If the
This method is called when an activity result is received from Braintree.
Creates a new paypalaccountbuilder object from a response from a PayPal API call.
Add a list of words to the Nounstodictionary. The words are converted to
removewords from a korean position and a list of words
Tokenize a sequence of korean tokens into a list of strings.
Extract korean phrases from a sequence of korean tokens.
Takes a list of tokens and returns the first token in the list. The tokens are converted
Fetch data from a channel into a buffer.
Join a list of NAL units into a single byte buffer.
Concatenate a list of NAL units into a single byte buffer.
Returns the i th profile or unknown if i is out of range. If i is out
Normalizes and generates a fixed precision representation of the input taps using the given precision bits.
readtonextmarkerpartial. This method is used to read a partial marker from the stream
Read a new marker buffer from the stream and return it. If the stream is done returns
Returns the maximum number of frames that can be used for the next frame. If max_
Modify a file with a given mp4 edit.
Returns the total duration of all the edits in the given track. If there are no edits
Returns the time value of a framenumber in the timetosamplebox. The framenumber
Returns the number of frames in the timetosamplebox for the given time value.
Mediatoedited returns the sum of the number of edits that have been applied to the
Returns the editedtomedia of the given trakbox with respect to the given editedtv
Given a movie box and a frameno return the index of the frameno in the movie
Get the qtplayer time of a movie.
timevaluetotimecodeframe returns the value of a timecodeframe given a time
Format a timecode with the given number of frames. The number of frames is the number
Returns a 7 - bit integer from the given four - bit integers.
Set the n - th element of the list to the given value and return the new list
Returns true if this color space matches the input color space false otherwise.
Returns a new size based on the width and height of the specified component. If the component
Create a new mp4demuxer from a seekable byte channel.
Read the next word from the buffer. If peek is true the next word will be read
Creates a WAV header with the given audio format and number of samples.
Create a multichannel wav header from an array of wavheaders.
Parse mp4decoderspecificinfo.
This method is called when a symbol has been encoded. This method renormalizes the symbol
Split a movie into two lists of edits. The first list contains all the edits in the
Decode a frame from the input stream into the given buffer. This method is called by the
Sets whether or not the data should be big endian or not.
deblockmbp deblocks the current block from the left and top blocks of the current
encodes a picture into a loanerpicture.
Converts a long value to a byte array.
Returns the number of consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive consecutive
Adds a packet to the output stream. The packet will be written to the output stream.
Repositions the file to the beginning of the next packet. If there are no more packets
Decodes a single binary value into a binary value. The result is stored in the range field
Decode a single byte from the input stream bypassing any bytes that have not been consumed.
Read n bytes from buf that are in the range [ mmin mmax ). If
Returns the sample frequency for the given integer.
This method predicts a plane in the image. The image is assumed to be in the
Sets the start of the data block to the start of the data block. The data block
Calculates the coefficient of the given block at the given index and level in the given block.
Finishes the division of the input array by dividing each element in the input array by
Concatenate the given bitsbuffer into this one.
Rewinds v to the beginning of the next 32 - bit value in reverse order.
Seek to the next frame in the videoinputtrack. If the videoin
Get the loaner picture from the bytebuffer.
Returns the id of a changepoint in the gain table.
Convert a byte array to an int array.
Convert an integer array to a byte array.
Write the data in the buffer to a float using the specified format. The data must be
Read a float from the given buffer using the given audio format. The buffer will be filled
Interleave the input buffer into the output buffer. The output buffer must have enough space to
Deinterleaves the input buffer into the output buffer. The output buffer must have enough
Returns the size of the video.
Build a wipemap for the given width and height in megabytes.
Reads an array of unsigned integers from the given byte buffer.
Reads an int32 batch from the given byte buffer.
Calculate the median value of two values.
Encode a yuv420j frame.
Encodes an IDR frame into the supplied output buffer.
Encode a picture as a pframe.
Returns a list of all supported codecs.
Returns a list of all supported tags.
Adds a reference to the list of references to be referenced by this jnireference.
This method is used to garbage collect references from the MRefQueue and delete them from the
Removes all references from the cache. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Load a jnilibrary library from the given app name and library name.
Unpacks a library from the given path. Returns true if the library was unpacked false otherwise
Delete all the temporary files that are no longer required by the Humble library.
Returns the default audio layout for the specified number of channels.
Get the audio channel with the given layout at the given index.
Creates a new mediapacket.
Returns the version information as a string. This includes the canonical name version specification title and implementation
Returns the default timebase.
Creates a new demuxer.
Plays a video from a file.
Display video at correct time.
Creates a codecdescriptor for the given codec id.
Prints the value of the given property to the given stream. If the type of the property
Register a new humbleio factory for the given protocol prefix.
Generates a unique name for the given object.
Creates a new audio resampler with the specified output and input channels. The output channels are
Gets the value of the supportedvideoframerates property.
Returns a list of the pixel formats supported by this device.
Returns a list of the supported audio rates.
Returns a list of the supported audio formats.
Get the list of supported audio channellayouts.
Sets a flag on this coder.
Sets the value of a 2 - bit flag in this coder.
Returns the decoder associated with this stream. If no decoder is associated with this stream null is
Returns the demuxer associated with this stream or null if no such stream exists.
Returns a collection of all the available formats.
Create a new filtergraph.
Returns the type of the bit stream filter.
Get a bytebuffer from the underlying buffer.
Create an audioframe object with the specified audio format.
Resample the given mediapicture using the given resampler.
Validates that the image is valid and that it can be used to create a new image.
Validates the given picture. If the picture is not valid it will throw an exception.
Returns the filtergraph associated with this filterlink.
Returns a keyvaluebag containing the key - value pairs associated with this stream. The key
Get the cpuarch from the given string. If the input string is null then str_
Get the CPU architecture from a GNU string.
Get the operating system family from the given OS name.
Get the OS family from a GNU string.
Plays a sound from a file.
Loads a library with the given name and major version if it hasn t already been loaded.
Set the major version of a library. This method is called when a library is loaded.
Load the candidatelibrary from the given list of candidate files.
Initializes the earch paths. This is done by reading the system property or the environment variable
Returns true if the given library has already been loaded and false otherwise.
Deletes the object from the database. If the object does not exist it will be created.
Returns the stream at the specified position in the muxer. If there is no stream at
Returns the muxer associated with this stream or null if the stream does not have a mux
Create a new instance of a setscripttransaction. The sender is the sender of the transaction
Decodes the input string into a byte array. If the input string starts with str then the
Generates a random string that can be used as a key for a key - value pair.
Get the transaction with the given id. The transaction is returned as a JSON object.
Get a list of transactions that belong to the specified address.
Get a list of transactions from an address. The limit parameter specifies the number of transactions to
Get a sequence of block headers in the range [ from to ).
Get the block with the given signature from the Waves server.
Sends the request and returns the response as a string.
Send a script to a private key account. The passed script must be a valid script.
Compiles the given script into a string and returns the result as a string. If the script
Writes an array of primitive types to the underlying stream.
Flush the buffer to the output stream.
Writes an object to the specified memory address and returns the number of bytes written.
Get the Fstclazzinfo object for the last direct class. This method is called
Writes an object to a byte array and returns the number of bytes written.
Sets the file and filechannel for this instance.
Returns the specificity of the given class. If the class is null returns the number of
resizestore resizes the memory of the mapped file to the specified number of bytes.
Remove a key from the index. If the key does not exist it will be created.
Write a string as an ASCII string. This is the format used for the ASCII string.
Set the output stream.
Create a new fstconfiguration object with the given prettyprint and sharereferences set to
Creates an fstconfiguration object that will set the structmode to bool_.
Calculates the size of an object in bytes not a utility type.
Clear all cached data from the input stream. This method blocks until all data has been cached
Returns an object input stream that can be used to read data from an input stream.
Get an object input from the pool and copy it into the given array.
Get a copy of an array of bytes from an object input stream. The input stream is
Get an object output stream that can be used to write to. The output stream will be
Register a set of keys and values to be used by the CROSS platform class mapping
Returns the cpname for the given class. If the class is anonymous it will return the
Writes an int value to the stream. The data must be of the given type.
Write a long value to the output stream.
Writes an integer packed to the stream. The data must be between 0 and 65535 inclusive.
Writes an array of bytes to the output buffer. This method will grow the output buffer if
Return an fstclazzinfo. fstfieldinfo for the given class. If the current
Notifies the listener that an object has been fully written to the stream at the given stream
Notifies the listener that an object has been written.
Get the fstclazzinfo for the given referencee and class. If the referencee
Writes an array to the stream. The array must be of the same class and length as
Sets this string to the contents of the given string. If the given string is null the
Write an array of primitives to the underlying stream. This method is used to write an array
Finish the change tracking and return the last change in the change tracker. This method is called
Creates a snapshot of the current state of this state with the contents of the original state.
Register an object for writing. This method is called when an object is written to a stream
Writes an object to an array of bytes starting at the given index.
Read an object from a byte array at a given offset.
Read a byte array of the specified length from the buffer.
Reads an int from the input stream.
Move the poll index back to the given len. If the index is at the end of
Sets whether or not the thread pool should be enabled.
Start an embedded cassandra daemon.
cleandataembeddedcassandra is a utility method that calls cleandatawithnatived
Copy a file from the embedded cassandraserver to the given directory.
Returns true if the remote port is taken on the given node. If the remote port is
Returns a subscriberstate with an empty serverstate parameterupdaterstatus totalupdates and ismaster.
Gets the onnxdescriptors from the classpath.
Calculates the output shape of the broadcasting operator.
Returns true if the condition evaluates to true for all complex elements in the input array.
Returns true if the condition is true for all the elements in the array and false otherwise.
Computes the logical AND of the elements of an array with the given condition. If the condition
Perform an OR operation on an array with the given condition. The dimension of the resulting array
Applies the given condition to the given array. If the condition is not an indarray then
Returns the first index in the array that meets the given condition.
This method converts this array into a flatbuffer and returns the number of flatproperties it represents
Create a new function properties object from a flatarray of properties.
Create a flatproperty vector from a collection of functionproperties.
Sets the throwable. This method is thread - safe and should not be called concurrently with other
Sets the throwable for the first time this exception is thrown.
Returns the mergecoords of x and y.
Creates a list of lists of lists of lists of the same size as the input list.
Returns the nd4j type corresponding to the given tensorproto. datatype.
Shuts down the pool. This method should be called when the pool is no longer needed
Returns the current architecture of the current thread.
Convert a column to an image. The input column must have rank equal to num_.
2D pooling of an array. The output array will be converted to a 2D
Create a new compression descriptor from a byte buffer.
Splits the given list into batches of the given size.
Checks that the input array has the same shape and dimensions as the input array.
Set the data type of the data stream.
Create an array of numbers with values between lower and upper.
Flatten a collection of matrices into a single indarray.
Computes the bilinear products between two arrays. The bilinear products are stored in
Create an icomplexndarray from a double array.
Create an icomplexndarray filled with a complex number of ones with a given value.
Create an icomplexndarray with a scalar value of the given shape.
Returns true if the current time since the last synced time has passed since the last synced time
Subtract the complex number c from this complex number and store the result in result.
Calculate the complex tangent of a complex number.
Ceil the complex number to the nearest complex number.
Returns the negation of a complex number.
Return the absolute value of an icomplexnumber.
Return the complex number that is the power of num to the power of the complex number.
Binarizes the feature matrix by binarizing the features with a value greater than the
Sample the dataset with the specified number of examples and outcomes. If withreplacement is true the
Returns the memory footprint of this vector in bytes. This includes the number of features features mask
Returns a string representation of the given throwable.
Get the simple hostname from a full hostname. If the fullhostname is an inetadd
Convert an array of strings to a string.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Returns an array of strings from the specified string delimited by the specified delimiter. If the specified
Splits the given string into an array of strings using the given separator character and escape character.
Splits a string into an array of strings using the specified separator.
Finds the next occurrence of a separator in a string and appends it to a string builder.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as an HTML string. If the string is
Joins the given strings with the given separator. If no strings are provided the string is returned
Convert a string to a camel cased version.
Get the stack trace of the given thread as a string.
Invert an indarray.
Returns the biginteger at the given index. If the index is greater than or equal to
Returns true if this node is actual on the hostside of this node.
Returns true if the device is actual on devices and false if it is not.
Create a shape information pair for the given shape. The returned pair is a pair of datab
Creates the shape information for the given shape and order. The returned databuffer is a pair
Returns true if the databuffer is a vector of the same shape as the shapeinfo.
Get the order of the elements in an indarray.
Get the offset for the given indexes in the given array.
Convert an array of indices to an array of indices.
Get the half - precision value at the given index. The i - th element in the
Reallocates the databuffer with the given length. The databuffer must be attached to
Copy a chunk of data from one buffer to another with a stride of n bytes.
Get a constant buffer from an array of floats. This method is intended to be used by
Returns the kafka uri for this connection.
Computes the power of each element of the given array.
Computes the logarithm of the elements of the given ndarray.
Computes the maximum value of the elements in the given ndarray.
Returns the largest element of the first array with the elements of the second. The first array
Computes the minimum value of the elements in the given ndarray.
Returns the minimum element of the first array and the second array. If the second array is
Stabilizes an indarray with the given k values.
Computes the exponential of the elements of the given ndarray. If the given ndarray is already an
Computes the logarithm of the elements of the given ndarray.
Prepare the bounds of an array to be in the bounds of an array of the same shape
Advance to the next dataset in the iteration. If there are no more datasets then the
Build an allocation shape from a databuffer.
Checks if a file or directory exists in the system path.
Reads data from an object input stream.
sweeptail is called when the head of the queue has been sweeptail
Create an indarray from a numpy array pointer.
Create an indarray from a numpy file. The file must have the same name as this
Allocates a new paged pointer of the specified memory type. This method will throw an
Attach an object to the lock manager. If the object is already attached to the lock manager
Returns true if the master and responder are in the same state as the server s started state
Execute the given operation. The operation is executed in the context of the current thread.
Flush the queue in blocking mode. This method is intended to be called in a thread -
Get the inputstream for this file. If the file is a JAR file the inputstream
Returns the device id associated with the given thread id. If no device is associated with the
Attach a CUDA device to a thread. The CUDA device will be attached to the
Returns the next device to be used for the given threadid. If the threadid is
Returns the operating system name.
Calculates the arch type based on the operating system property. If the system property is not a
Publish an indarray to the server using a producertemplate. The template will be created if
Create a new databuffer of the specified type with the specified pointer and length.
Intercept an integer datatype operation.
Adds two complex numbers and returns the result. If the result is already an icomplexnumber
This method is called when a message is received from the client. It is called by the
Estimate the average pooling 3d of a set of SDRs.
Creates a depthwiseconv2d SDVariable from an array of SDVariables.
Resets the counter to its initial state. This method should be called at the end of the
Returns the op class for the given op object.
Return an indarray of the same shape as this array. If this array has already been
Get the shape of this variable.
Evaluates the string and returns the result as an indarray.
Compress a double array into an indarray of the specified shape and order.
Flatten an icomplexndarray by the complex exponentiation of each complex number in the array.
Centers an icomplexndarray in the given shape.
Truncates an icomplexndarray to the given number of dimensions. If the input is a
Returns an icomplexndarray with zeros filled with zeros of the same shape as the input.
Returns the index of the largest element in the array.
Broadcast an indarray to all active devices. This is done by committing the execution of
This method is called when a new message is received from the server. It will send the
Returns the gamma of num_. The result is rounded to the nearest multiple of num_
Returns the square root of x. If x is less than zero throws an arithmet
Cbrt returns the root of x or zero if x is less than zero.
Returns the exponential of e with precision less than or equal to mc. precision. If mc
Returns the power of x to y. If x is less than or equal to y then
Returns the power of x to n. The result is rounded to the nearest power of x
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of x.
Returns the inverse hyperbolic sine of x.
Calculates the acosh of x.
Sets the scale of x to d and returns x. The result is the result of x
Scaleprec returns x if x s precision is greater than or equal to x s
Returns the precision of x that is less than or equal to xerr.
Put a differential function instance for a given id. If the id is already in the
Get the inputs for a differential function.
Update the indarray for the given variable name.
Put a shape for the given variable name. If the variable name already exists it will be
Associate an array with a variable.
Returns the value of a property for a differential function. If the property does not exist
Add a property for a differential function.
Adds a new outgoing function to be executed for the given variables.
Add arguments for a differential function.
Returns true if the given differential function has any arguments.
executes the differential function and returns the result as an array of indarrays.
Creates a variable of the specified shape with the constant initscheme.
Returns a new variable whose value is the ones - like value of the given input variable.
Returns a new sdvariable whose value is the zeros - like value of the input variable.
Remove an argument from a differential function.
Sets the gradient for the given variable. If the variable is null an exception is thrown.
Average pooling 3d.
Returns the SDVariable object representing the grucell of this SDVariable object with the given
Executes a list of differential functions and returns the list of differential functions that were executed
Create a while block with the given samediff condition body loop body and input variables.
Executes the differential function with the given name. If debug mode is enabled the function will
Execute a samediff function with a list of cached differential functions.
execbackwardandendresult executes the differential function and returns the result as an indarray
Add the given variable name as a placeholder. This will also update the original shape of the
Allocates a new memory pointer. This method is called when a new memory pointer is allocated
Returns the number of bytes in the databuffer of the given type.
Returns the name of the data type in the given allocation mode.
Get the data type from the current context. If the data type is not set in the
Get the number of a differential function by its name.
Destroy all workspaces for the current thread. This method should only be called from the main thread
Print the allocation statistics for the current thread. This is used to print out the current size
Perform a trmv operation on the array a and x. The order transa and diag
Performs the accumulation of the kernel and returns the result as an indarray of the kernel
Decode an encoded array into a target array using the backendexecutioner.
Returns the name of the node with the given name.
Apply the scalarop op to the given dimension.
Asserts that all active workspaces are open for the current thread. If none are open an exception
Computes the negativeloglikelihood of a given set of labels.
This method is called when a new tick is requested. This method is called by the timer
Try to request toe. If the current thread is in the toe state return true
This method is called when the current thread is at the end of the thread pool. It
Get the current access state.
This method is called when a message is received from the client. If the client is tracking
Initializes the current dataset from a list of examples.
Starts the inithostcollectors of the unifiedgcthreads.
Get the device pointer from the CUDA buffer. The device pointer is stored in the CU
Synchronize the data buffer with the remote host. This method is called when the remote host
Applies an update to the current state of the model. The update will be applied to the
Wait until the given allocation point is finished and then call the super class s synchronizeto
Create an index array from an index array.
Properties for function.
Has placeholder inputs.
Computes the difference between this and i_v1 and returns the result as a list of
Format an indarray into a human - readable string. If summarizing is true the
Create a samediff diff from a graph and a set of variables.
Convert an icomplexndarray into a blob.
Load a complex array from a binary blob.
Save an icomplexndarray to a file. The file is saved with the given id.
Copies the real values of this complex array to the given array. The real values are copied
Copies the imaginary part of this complex array to the given array.
Set the complex components of this complexndarray to the absolute value of the complex component of the
Assign a complex array to this one. This is equivalent to assigning a complex array to this
Get the rows of this matrix as an icomplexndarray of the same size as the input
Put a row of a complex array into the matrix.
Put a column of this matrix into a new column of this matrix. If the column does
Subtracts other from this and stores the result in the result array.
Add two icomplex arrays and return the result array.
Subtract other from this array and store the result in result. If other is a complex array
Add two complex arrays and return the result. If the result is already an icomplexndarray
Assigns a complex number to this ndarray.
Returns a copy of this complexndarray with the elements in the same order as this one.
Computes the eigenvalues of a complex array.
Perform a symmetric generalization of the deigenvalues of a and b.
Computes the index of the largest element in an icomplexndarray.
Copy two complex ndarrays into this one. The length of x and y must be the
Solve the linear system of the complex number x with the complex number alpha and store the
This method is called when a message is received from the client. It is called by the
Computes the number of non - zero weights.
Doreduce the loss.
Get a no - arg constructor for the given class.
Gets the constructor for the given class and arguments.
Invoke the given method with the given parameters.
Get an annotation from an array of annotations of a given type.
Returns the declared annotation of the given type on the given class or null if no such annotation
Returns true if the declared annotation is present on the given class and is of the given type
Creates a new instance of the given interf with the given result. The result will be
Load the given entity into the database. This method does nothing if the entity does not exist
Saves the given POJO to the database using the given save context.
Create a proxy for the given raw memcacheservice with the given retrycount.
Get the entitymetadata for the given kind throwing an exception if there is no such entitymetadata
querykeysonly executes a keyquery and returns the results as a list of key objects
run a keyquery and return the results as a hybrid queryresults object.
querynormal is the default implementation of the query method. It does not return the results.
Performs a projection query on the underlying data source and returns the results as a list of objects
Returns the number of keys that match the given keyquery.
Performs a safepartition on the given input iterator.
Load a set of values from the database and return the results as a new iterator.
Returns a string representation of the given path with the given message appended to the end of the
Create a key from a POJO. The key is created by the objectify service.
Compares two objects using the identity hash code.
Converts a raw key to a key object.
Converts a typed key to its raw representation.
Gets the kindhere of the given class.
Returns true if the given type has missing type parameters.
Returns true if subtype is a subtype of supertype or supertype of supertype.
Returns the direct supertypes of the given type.
Captures a parameterized type. If the type is not parameterized it returns the original type.
Returns a translator for the given typekey.
Get the populator for the given class and path. If the class is null or the
Returns true if the class is an index instruction or false if it is an unindex instruction
Returns true if the given method has an alsoload annotation.
Returns a list of all declared properties of the given class including those declared fields and methods.
Returns the keymetadata for this key populator or null if there is no populator.
Get the value associated with the given key. If no value is associated with the given key
Executes the query and translates the result into a map. This method is executed asynchronously.
Fetch the pending entities from the datastore.
Adds the indexed discriminators of the given class and its superclasses. If the class is
Registers the given translator as a subclass of the given translator. The translator must be a subclass
Returns the type of the component of the given collection type or null if it is not a
Get the type of the map key. If the type is not a map return null.
Creates a new forwardpath from the given path. If the given path is the root of
Returns the final path from this forwardpath to the next forwardpath in the chain.
Returns a string representation of this node s path in the form of a string that can be
Returns the depth of this path.
Put all the buckets in the given collection into the cache. If the cache is full the
Empty the cache for the given keys. If the key does not exist it will be created
Puts the given buckets into the cache if they are not already touched.
Get all of the keys from the cache and return them as a map of key - >
Returns the set of keys of the given collection of buckets.
Sets the key of the given entity to the given key.
Sets the long id of the given POJO to the given long id.
Get the key of the parent. If the value is null return null. Otherwise return the
Registers a subclass of the given typekey with the given translator. If the given typekey
Returns true if type1 and type2 could have a common subtype of type1 and type
Transforms the given type to the given type if the given type is null and the given class
Returns the annotation of the given type or null if no such annotation exists.
Add all keys from another session to this one.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Execute the next step in the round.
Translate the raw result into a new result cache.
Fetch a set of entities from the datastore and return the results as a map of entities.
Load an entity from the datastore. If the entity is not found it will return null.
Creates a new key with the given parent and kind and id. If id is a string
Returns the raw value of the given key or null if the key is null.
Returns the id value of the given key or null if it is not a valid key.
Convert a URL - safe key to a Google Cloud Datastore key.
Create a new instance of transactorno with the same session as the parent.
Executes the given work in a new transaction with the given number of retries. The parent object
Executes the given work in a single transaction. If the work completes successfully the transaction is rolled
Returns true if onpojo matches any of the conditions.
Objectify. Do not use this function directly. Use it directly. Use it directly.
Returns an instance of the asyncdatastore. If the entity memcache is enabled and enableglobal
Get the metadata for an entity.
Allocates the given number of keyranges with the given incompletekey.
Create a new objectify instance and add it to the stack.
Closes the current state of the stack. If the stack is empty throws an illegalstateexception
Homogenize the indexes of the given list if they are excludefromindexes
Creates a new reference to the given value. The value will be stored in the cache.
Returns the value of the key or throws a NotFoundexception exception if the key
Adds a value to the list associated with the given key. If the list does not yet
Returns true if the future is done and false if it is not. If the future is
Generate the if conditions for the given if classes for the given field.
Call this method when all the deferred tasks have completed. This method will block until all tasks
Get a container of the given type at the given path. The path is relative to the
Get the stat object for the given kind. Create it if it doesn t exist yet.
Unwraps a throwable and throws it. If the throwable is a runtimeexception or an
Returns a translator for the given typekey. If no translation exists a new one is created
Returns a translator for the root entity of the given class.
Create a translator from a given typekey. If a translator is found it is returned.
Load a property from a container. If the translator is a synthetic property the property will be
Get a property from a container. If the property is not found an illegalstateexception is
Sets the value of the property in the given POJO using the given context and path.
Saves the given POJO into the given builder. If the property is already saved it will
Get the value of the property in the given POJO and save it to the given context
Writes the extensions of the given message to the given JSON generator.
Writes the given category to the given jsongenerator. If strict mode is enabled the category is
Write a list of categories to a JSON array.
Process the given snippet and return the result as a URL encoded string. If there are no
Returns an iterable over the bids in the given response. This is useful when you want to
Gets a bid builder given a bidresponse. builder and a bid id.
Updates all bids in a response.
Removes all bids that match the given filter from the given response.
Readextensions the given JSON parser with the given extendable builder.
Returns true if the current token is an empty token and the next token is null.
Registers an extension reader for the given message class. The extension reader will be registered in the
Register an openrtbjsonextwriter with the factory. The writer will be added to
Process all the BidBuilders in the response and add them to the bidctx.
Process the fields of the bid. This method is called by the snippet processor to populate the
Updates the given objects with the result of applying the given updater to each of the objects.
Returns a new list containing only the objects in the given list that do not satisfy the given
Returns the current name of the current JSON parser or null if there is no current name.
Parse the start of an object. The parser must be positioned at the start of an
This method assumes that the next token is the start of an array. If it is the
Returns the next token from the parser or null if there are no more tokens.
Writes an int boolean field to the given jsongenerator.
Writes a list of strings to a JSON array.
Writes a list of ints to a JSON array.
Write a list of 64 - bit integers to a JSON array.
Writes a list of enums to a JSON array.
Returns a new url with the given base url and target. If the target starts with the
Returns a new url with the same base url but with the target replaced with the base url
Get the host segments of the given URL.
Returns the host component of the given URL or null if the URL is malformed.
Get the page from the given url.
Load a list of strings from the stormconf.
Extract the configuration element from the input map. If the input map is empty return null.
Returns the protocol associated with the given URL.
Generate WARC info.
Extract the refresh url from the given string or null if the value is null or empty.
Get the metadata for an outlink from a parent metadata object. The parent metadata object is
Filter the given metadata object and return a new metadata object with only the metadata that matches the
Add a new URL to the queue.
Clean a field name to make it lower case and make sure it is not too long.
Returns the charset of the given byte array or null if the byte array does not contain a
Returns the charset of the given text. If the text is longer than maxlengthcharsetdetection
Get the charset from the meta data.
Look for clue in content. If it is found return true. Otherwise return false.
Sets the value of the given key to the given value. If the key already exists it
Get the first value in the metadata with the given keys or null if there are no values
Get a list of cookies from the given cookiesstrings. The cookiess
Check that the cookiedomain matches the hostname of the urlhostname.
Get the cache key for the given URL.
Get the robotrule set for the given url from the cache.
Extract metatags from a document fragment.
This method is called when a tuple is acknowledged. This method is called when a tuple
Returns true if the given URL is valid and false if it is not. If the URL
Filter the given URL string according to the rules defined in this class. If the URL string
Read the rules from the given rules file.
Process the query elements in the URL and return the result as a string.
Create a navigationfilters object from storm configuration.
Add a new recordformat to the current recordformat. If the current recordformat is already
Throttles the number of queries that have been sent since the last time it was sent.
Trigger queries if necessary.
Load parse filters from storm configuration.
Append a node to the end of the current node.
Append a processing instruction to the current node.
This method is called when a comment is encountered at the start of an XML document.
Start a DTD document with the given name publicid and systemid.
Get the value for the URL field from the tuple.
Trims the text to be at most maxlengthtext characters. If maxlengthtext is
Checks if a custom interval is present in the metadata and returns the duration for that custom interval
Create a new instance of urlfilters based on the storm configuration.
Set the number of wheel items that should be displayed.
Resolves the size and state based on the given measurespec.
Set the drawable that will be used to display an empty item.
Sets the angle of the wheel.
Updates the currently selected position based on the current selection angle and the number of selected items.
Invalidate a wheelitemdrawable at the specified position.
Get the raw position relative to the adapter position relative to the adapter position relative to the adapter
Update the velocity with the new mangular velocity and the new number of velsqr.
Get the contrast color for the given material color entry.
Clamp the given value to be within the range [ 0 upperlimit ).
Writes the overall coverage data to a JSON file.
Get the contents of the stream as a bytebuffer.
Sets the value of the column to the given string.
Make a 1 - D string array from the contents of this array.
Make a new arraychar from a string.
Make a new arraychar from an arrayobject of string values.
Make a new arraychar from an arrayobject of string values.
Returns the time interval offset for the given GRIB record or null if the record is
Set the state of the frame to the normal state. This is a no - op if
Show the iconified state if this frame is not iconified. This method does nothing if
Make a size estimate for a list of grids. The size estimate is based on the
The main entry point for the grib1 - randomaccess program.
Creates a new unitname with the given name and plural.
Creates a new unitname with the given name plural and symbol.
Makes a plural version of the given name. If the given name is already a plural version
Returns true if the given date falls between the start and the end of the time range.
Returns a new daterange that is the intersection of this range and the given one.
Extend this daterange with another daterange. If this daterange is empty
Extend the range with a new date. If the date is before the start of the range
Sets the start time of the interval.
Set the end date of the interval.
Sets the duration of the animation.
Add a mapbean to the menu.
This method is called when an error occurs. It is called when the user presses enter
Returns the name of the file in the current directory or null if the file does not exist
Returns the paramstostring representation of this object.
Open a filedsp and build a document from the raw data. The raw data is
Computes the bounds of the given latlonrect and returns them as a list of rangeiterator
Synchronize the min and max slider fields with the daterange. If slidersok
Compute the unlimited chunking for the given dimensions with the given elemsize. The returned
Register a directory as a watcher. If the directory is already registered it will be replaced.
processevents is a long - lived method that will be called when the
Wrap a netcdf dataset in a featuredataset.
Returns true if the two featuretypes are the same or if they are point or coverage.
Find the featuretype of a NetCDF file.
Write a catalog to the response.
Convert a catalog object to an HTML string.
Get the usercss.
Get the user head.
makedynamiccatalog is a no - op if the path ends with the _ extension.
Add global services to the catalog.
Initializes the session with the given credentials provider and user agent. If no user agent is specified
Get the content of a URL as a string using the given session and urlencoded string.
Sends a PUT request to the server with the given content as the request body. The content
Get the frontpage for the current request.
Override makeecatalog in order to create a catalog from the current state of the grib
Extract the geospatial coverage information from a GribCollectionimmutable group.
Get a single dataset from a GribCollectionimmutable object by its type name.
Returns true if this vertcoordvalue is nearly equal to the other vertcoordvalue.
Create a new unitid with the given name plural and symbol.
Parse an attribute string into a gradsattribute object.
Reads the top of the file and returns the position of the next file in the file.
Convert two shorts into an integer. If swapbytes is true the bytes are swapped
This method converts a byte array into an integer. If swapbytes is true the byte array
Returns a java. util. date given the number of juliandays and milliseconds.
Make a valid NetCDF object name from a string.
Returns true if the given string is a valid netCDF3 object name false otherwise.
Read the recorded data from the given structure into the given section of the given structure.
Read a record set from a NetCDF file into a NetCDF array.
This method is called when the file record variables have been set. This method should be called
Create a time stamp from a time index.
Creates a time stamp for the given calendar.
Returns true if the given string is a hastimetemplate in the timetemplates
Adds a server function to the list of functions to be executed.
Get a boolean function by name. If the function doesn t exist it will be created.
Get a btfunction by name. If the function doesn t exist it will be created.
Load a new function.
Get the log level name for a given gridrecord.
Get the leveldescription for a given gridrecord.
Get the level unit for a given gridrecord.
Returns the projection type of the given griddefrecord or - num_ if not found.
Returns true if the given gridrecord is a vertical coordinate. If the given gridrecord is
Returns true if the given gridrecord is a layer of this layer.
make a coordinatetransform from a netcdfdataset
Create a variableds object that represents a coordinate transform variable in the netcdf dataset.
Make a projection from a coveragetransform gct and a formatter.
The main method of this class. This is the entry point for the preferences command.
Saves the current state of this instance to the preferences.
Returns a copy of this chronology with a different time zone.
Writes the number of bytes written to the output stream.
Writes an array of the given type to the stream. The array must be of the given
Writes a byte array to the output stream. If the DAP mode is enabled the bytes
Writes a byte array to the output stream. If dumpdata is enabled this method will print
Finishes the initialization of the object. This is called when the object is being initialized.
Returns an instance of calendardaterange from a daterange object.
Factory method to create a Grib2GDS object from a byte array.
Parse the given text into the given DDS object and return the number of occurrences of the
Parse the given text using the given DAS parser.
Swaps the header of a grid.
Read an array of floats from a MIDI grid record.
This is the main entry point for the mcidasgridreader class. This is the
Write a constraint to the file.
Write the headers and ss to the output file.
Write all the operations in the operation list to the output file.
Read all files in a directory and call the given closure for each file. If a filter
Scans the given log file and calls the given closure with each log entry. If the closure
Get the gridpacking type for a given grid number.
Finds a grid record with the specified parameter name.
Read a number of decimal places from a D - M file into an array of floats.
Unpacks data from a GRIB or GRIB1 file into a float array
This method implements the dp_ugrb and dp_ugrb methods. It is used
Unpack GRIB 1 data.
Unpack the data from a Grib2 file into an array of floats.
Print all the grids in the gridindex to the standard output.
Returns the next byte from the input stream. If there are no more bytes in the input
Creates a new calendardate from the given calendar and date fields.
Creates a calendardate object from a java. util. date object.
Obtains a calendardate object from milliseconds since January 1st 1970 - 01 - 01
Creates a calendardate from the given calendar and milliseconds.
Parse a calendardate from a string of UD units.
Returns the difference in milliseconds between this date and o in the specified calendarperiod.
Create a cdmarrayatomic object from a dapdatacursor.
Sets up the request and response objects. This method is called automatically by the servlet layer.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as a value in a URI.
Creates a list of slices from a list of ranges.
Unwraps a netcdffile and returns it. If the file is a netcdf
Returns true if any of the dimensions in the dimset are variablelengths.
computes the shape of the effectives array given a list of dapdimension objects.
Add the given date to this date and return the new date.
Multiply this unit by another unit and return the result as a new unit.
Divide this unit by the given unit and return the result as a new unit.
Divide this unit into the given unit and return the result as a new unit.
Returns a new unit that is the raiseto of this unit divided by the given power
Convert this unit to a derived unit by multiplying it by the scale of this unit.
Convert the input array from this unit to the output array using the scale of this unit.
Convert a value from this unit to another unit. If the unit is not a derivable
Returns the canonicalstring of this unit. The canonicalstring includes the scale
Read the data from a section of the file into an array. The data is read from
Read 2D array of data from the underlying data source.
Flattens a pointfeaturecollection into a pointfeaturecollection with a subset of the stations
Find the service with the given name. If no such service is found null is returned.
Returns the gate size for the given data type.
Returns the start of the gate for the given data type.
Returns the number of gates for the given data type.
Write a NetCDF file to an outputstream.
Returns the preferred layout size of all visible components in the given container.
Verify that the given dataset is a descendant of the given dataset set.
generates a proxydsresolvercatalog from the given crawlableataset and proxydataseth
Returns a calendardateunit object for the given calendarname and UDUNIT string.
Creates a new instance of a calendardateunit with the specified calendar. If the calendar is
Creates a new instance of a calendardateunit for the given calendarperiod and basedate.
Returns the dimension of the base unit. The base unit is assumed to be a base unit
Returns true if the file is in little - endian order.
Read data from a NetCDF file in the specified section.
Read an array of int values from the specified index.
Read data from a NetCDF file into a writable byte channel.
calcelev - returns the value of the given angle in the range 0 - 360.
Calculates the step of the histogram. The step is the number of bins between range_first
Calculate az from az0 and az1.
Calculate the data for the given rechdr and dty. The data is assumed to
Calculate the Nyquist value for a given wave rate and a given prf.
Create a vertical transform for the given dataset and timedim. The timedim is assumed to
Set the debug flags for this class. This is used to set the values of the debug
Set whether or not the index should be extended or not. The default is false.
Read the x - axis values from a grid. The x - axis must be in the
Returns true if the x - axis is missing in the given grid variable.
Get the bounding box of the lat lon axis.
Finishes the sequence. This is called when the end of the sequence has been reached.
Writes a tabstop character to the given stringbuffer. If tabstop is greater than the
Pads a string to a certain width. If the string is longer than the specified width
Returns a string of the given length padded to the given width with zeros if necessary.
Returns a long padded to the specified width with zeros if necessary. The result is padded to
Format the size in bytes into a human - readable string.
Print a double in a given number of significant figures.
Print a double with decimal places.
Returns a string representation of the shape.
Finishes the DAP slice. This method is called when the DAP operation is complete
Returns the string representation of this range as a constraint string. If the range is the same
Composes two slices into a single slice. The target slice is the first element of the
Map the i - th element of a slice to the current position in the target slice.
Dump the current number of bytes in buf0 to buf0. If skipdmr is
Returns the type of the earthellipsoid given its name.
Returns the type of ellipsoid with the specified epsgid.
decode data from datacol dproto into an array.
Extract a list of URLs from a given URL.
Get the content of the given URL.
Filter the inputstream to only contain the tags in the inputstream. The inputstream is
Read data from a variable into a writable byte channel. The data is copied to the given
Adds all of the attributes in the given iterable to the end of this attribute set.
Remove the attribute with the given name if it exists.
Remove an attribute ignoring case. If the attribute does not exist it will be created.
Returns a list of the offsets in milliseconds since the beginning of the first run.
Add an actionsourcelistener.
getstandarddate getstandarddate.
Returns the standard or iso date for the given text. If the text is not a standard
Returns the date origin of this time unit. If this time unit is not a timescale
Returns the date of this time stamp. The time stamp is calculated by the number of seconds
Create a date object from a double value. If the value is NaN null is returned.
Make a time value from a date.
makeestandarddatestring - Creates a string representation of the given double value.
Get the spacinginkm value for a given type. The spacinginkm is determined by
add dimensionstonetcdffile add the dimension for the g in the griddefrecord
Add a coordinate axis to a netcdf file.
Make a projection of the netcdf file according to the specified projection type.
Adds the GDS parameters to the current variable.
Add a new coordinate system variable to the given NetCDF file.
Generate the Makelc code. This method is called when the Makelc
Generate the latorigin and latoreps for the griddef record.
Generate the latin code for the griddef record. This code is used to generate the latin
Set the dxdy and grid_units parameters.
Read a dataset from an invcatalog. This method is used to read a dataset from an
Read a metadata content object from a java. net. uri.
Returns the level of the log message as an integer.
Returns true if the file is a valid version of the magic string in the file.
Writes a byte array to the output stream. This method increases the number of bytes written
Sets the clearname for this attribute and attribute table.
Returns the short name of the coordinate given the coordinate axistype. If the coordinate is not
Returns the name of the coordinate in the dataset that corresponds to the given axistype and dimension
Build the XML response.
Build and return a dapexception object with this exception s XML code and body.
Returns a list of dimension names and values for the given level variable. If debugbreakup
Make a z - coordinate axis.
Create a new variable in the dataset with the given list of new dimensions and leveldim
Make a time coordinate axis from a reference variable.
Bitshave a float value if it is not NaN. Otherwise return the original value.
This is the main entry point for the gribton etcdfwriter script. It is
Wrap a NetCDF file in an enhanceneeded mode if necessary.
Opens a netCDF file from the specified location.
Clear the coordinates systems of all variables. This is useful when you want to clear the coordinates
Find the coordinate axis of a given type.
Find the coordinate axis with the given fullname.
Returns the coordinatesystem with the given name or null if no such coordinatesystem exists.
Returns the coordinatetransform with the given name or null if not found.
Returns true if any of the modes in want are enhanceneeded.
Sets the values of the given variable. The values are in the range [ start incr )
Sets the values of a variable to the given list of values. The values are assumed to
Make an array from a list of strings.
Returns the index of this vector. This is the sum of the dimensions of this vector and
Returns an mfileos7 object for the given filename. If the filename does not exist
Returns a list of esrifeature objects that intersect the specified bounding box.
Discretizes the given data array so that it is n times the number of times the
Adds all of the metadata from the given threddsmetadata object to this object.
Adds a type and content to the list of documentation. If the content is longer than the
Remove all docs of a given type.
Returns the number of bytes that can be written to the given segment starting at the given start
Returns true if this attribute is amine of the specified attribute in the specified NetCDF
breakupconventionnames returns a list of all convention names in the given conversion value.
Build a convention attribute from a list of convention names and a list of convention names.
Build the coordinatesystems for the given netcdfdataset
Find the coordinate axes of the variables in the netcdf dataset. This is done by iterating
Find coordinatesystems in the netcdf dataset.
Make the coordinatesystems for all the variables in the variable list.
Make coordinates systems maximal if they are not already present in the enhancement mode.
Returns true if the given axis is a coordinate axis for the given variable.
Set this dataset to be a subset of the given dataset.
Marks the top dataset as having the given filter and removes it from the dataset list.
Mark the given dataset as read if it is not already read. If it is not read
This method is called only once. It is called only once. It is called only once
Count the number of times the given value occurs in the given metric name. If the metric
Adds a name and symbol to the symbol table.
Compares this tablerow with another tablerow in lexicographical order.
Compares two boolean values.
Pass all reserved attributes to the given node.
Returns true if there is a valid data range in time_start time_end and time
Register a class. If the class is already registered the last parameter will be set to true
Register a new DSP instance.
Returns true if the given DSP class is registered in the registry false otherwise.
Unregisters the given DSP class from the list of registered DSPs.
Get the forecast timeintervalsizeinhours from a Grib2 PDS
Get the offset of the forecast time interval for a given GRIB record.
Returns the vertunit corresponding to the given code.
Sort the DAP nodes in the order they appear in the DAP tree.
Finds the variable with the given attribute name in the given netcdfdataset.
Returns the variable with the given attribute name and value or null if no such variable exists.
Returns the short name of the variable with the given attribute value or null if not found.
Finds a variable in the given structure that has the given attribute with the given value.
Returns the first structure that is a nested structure or null if there is no such structure.
Returns true if the given netcdf dataset has a recordstructure variable.
Returns the literal value of the given key. If the key does not start with str_
Get the featuretype value for the given key. If the key does not exist in the
Returns the short name of the variable with the given key or null if the key does not
Returns the value of the coordinate at the specified position in the matrix. If the coordinate is
If val is in the range 0 - 1 then val is returned. Otherwise val is returned
Returns the values of the coordinates in this coordinate system as a double array. The coordinates are
Creates a section of a 2D coordinate axis. The first range is used as the start
Finds the index of the point in the run that is closest to the target.
Returns the name of the dimension or attribute.
Add an action to the list. The name of the action is the name of the action
Returns the last match for the given path or null if there are no matches.
The main method of this class. This is the entry point for the program.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of a byte array within the range [ start start +
Adds a sourcepicture to the cache. If the sourcepicture is already in the cache it
Reports the current cache size and maximum cache size to the console.
Stop the background loading of all sources in the current cacheloadsinprogress enumeration.
Stop the background loading of a source picture whose url is not equal to the given url.
Make a GET HTTP method.
Make a mock method for the given URL. This method is called when a mock method is
Returns a random float of the specified type.
Returns the number of elements in the list that are in the range [ min max ).
Read data from a CDM variable into an array. This method is overridden by subclasses to
Get the filesystem provider for the given URI.
Read the stationtable and store it in the stationtablehash.
Returns the index of the given property.
Remove the datavariable with the given name from the list of datavariables.
Cloud HGT2 Meters is the same as the original string if height is equal to
Really read a variable from the input stream. This method is called when the input stream
Set the number of colors to use. The default number of colors is white.
Computes the affinetransform for the given rectangle and world.
Create an authscope for the given URI.
This method is called after all the data has been written to the file system. This method
Returns true if this factor is the reciprocal of the other factor.
Get a catalog of the files in the given directory that match the given filter pattern.
Find the index of a value in the array or - 1 if it is not present.
Read the metadata content from the specified URL.
Read the metadata content of the mdataelement. This method is called when the mdata
Add a metadata content object to the element.
Validate the metadata content of a contentobject. The contentobject must be a list of catalog
Read a cataloggenconfig element.
Read a datasetsource element.
Read a datasetnamer element.
Read a datasetfilter element.
Read a result service element.
Create the cataloggenconfig element.
Create a datasetsource element.
Create the datasetnamer element.
Create the datasetfilter element.
Create the result service element.
Returns true if the flag is set or false if it is not set.
Construct a new menu.
Add the parameters from the specified table. The table is assumed to be in the form of
Create a gempakparameter from the given words.
Returns the parameter with the given name or null if there is no parameter with the given name
Reads the contents of an inputstream into a UTF - 8 string.
Reads num_ bytes from the inputstream and returns them as a byte array.
Replace the file template with the ensembl name at the given index in the filespec
Set the name of the station variable and the data type of the station variable.
Accept the given stringbuffer. If the stringbuffer is not valid this method will return false
Get the bitmap of a random file. The bitmap is read from a RandomAccessFile.
Set the NetCDF file that will be used to read and write the data to.
Set the debug flags for the NetCDF2 instance.
parses the name of a variable and returns it as a namepieces object.
Returns true if the given structure is a group. If the given structure is not a group
Returns the length of the netcdf string for a given variable.
Add a dimension to a group if it doesn t already exist. If the group is null
Construct a list of dimension objects from an opendap. dap. darray.
Returns true if the dtype is an unsigned integer.
read datagrams from server.
Get an image icon from a resource.
Get an image from a file.
Create a custom cursor with the specified name. The name is the name of the custom cursor
Read an array of the specified datatype with the specified fillvalue. The fillvalue can be
Read an array of the specified datatype with the specified fillvalue. The fillvalue can be
Read data into an array of the specified datatype with the specified fillvalue. The fillvalue
Make a primitive array of the specified size with the specified datatype.
Convert a byte array to a char array using the UTF - 8 encoding.
Converts a chartobyte UTF - 8 char array to a byte array.
Convert a byte array to a char array.
Read an array from a section specification.
Create an arraystructure from a sectionspec and a member of an arraystructure. This is
Get a scalar string value from a record.
Get the scalar structure at the given index.
Get the array representation of a member in a MARC record.
computes the members of a structure from a dapvariable and creates a structuremembers.
Add this dimension to the given group in the given NetCDF file.
Normalizes the given path to be relative to the root of the file system.
Add an explicit dataset to the cache. This will create a nested dataset and add it to
Add a directory scan to the dataset manager.
Finishes the scan. This method is called when the task is cancelled by the user.
This method is called when the task is cancelled. It is called when the task is cancelled
Get the typical dataset. The typical dataset mode is determined by the number of nested datasets.
Create a new dataset with the given parameters. This method creates a new dataset with the given
Put the resource control for the given dataset in the resourcecontrolhash. This method is called
Adds a point to the curve.
Get the upper bound of the bounding box of the line.
Get the bounding box lower bound of the line.
Returns true if the stringbuilder is valid and false if it is invalid. Otherwise returns false
Returns true if the given dataset matches the current dataset and false if it does not.
Add all station point features from a featuredatasetpoint.
Parse a constraint expression from a request. This method is called when a request is made to
Evaluates all the clauses in the set of clauses. If any of the clauses evaluate to true
Prints this constraint to the given printwriter.
Method to amend a NetCDF file from an ODL file.
Sets the dimensions of the variable if the values list is empty. If the values list is
Check if there are unknown dimensions for wantdim and if so set the unlimited flag.
Finds the first group with the given name in the given group hierarchy.
Read the content of an xlink link.
Returns the standard URI for this catalog. If this catalog has no parent it returns null.
Sets the projection of the current object.
Add a layout component to this layout.
invalidatelayout - This method is called when the user invalidates the atelayout
Remove a component from this layout.
Returns the minimum size of the layout in pixels.
This method is called when the user changes the layout of a container. This method is called
Returns true if the given coordinatesystem is a radial coordinates system.
Returns the maximum radial value of the radial axis.
Calculate the earth to latitude and longitude for the given geographic longitude and latitude.
Returns the sattoearth of a point on the scan.
Returns the angle and lamda_geos for a given angle and lamda_go
Returns the sweepangleaxis for a given scangeometry. If the scangeom
Returns the scangeom of the sweepangleaxis.
Set the runtime coordinates for this time series.
Write a point obs dataset to a file.
rewritepointfeaturedataset - rewrite point feature dataset.
Returns the arraysequence value of the named member or throws an exception if the member is not
Returns the full name of this node. If the node has no parent returns the full name
Returns a unique identifier for this URI.
Returns an invaccess object of the specified service type or null if not found.
Returns the dataset with the specified name or null if no such dataset exists.
Returns the parent catalog of this catalog or null if this catalog does not have a parent.
Returns a list of all the metadata of this object that match the given type.
Find the invservice with the given name. If the name is null null is returned.
Returns the list of variables for the given vocabulary.
Get a list of invcatalogref objects for all the datasets in the given list of datasets
Escape the given path for use in a URL.
Add stagger to an array.
Extrapolates the interpolated values in the given array.
computes the computerho at a given latitude.
Returns the detail information for this report.
Create a structure for the given partname with the given dimensions. If includemissing is true
Make a missing variable.
Make a variable from a gempakparameter and a list of dimensions.
Add the global attributes to the document. This method is called when the document is constructed from
Returns the size of the variable with the given name or - 1 if not found.
Returns a variable array of the given type and length.
Get the next state in the goto list. If the next state is not in the list
Return an error message for a given token in a given state. If the token is not
Print the reduce part of a rule. This is used to print the number of times the
Read a DMR string from the stream. If the stream is in the initial state then
Reads an error from the input stream and returns it as a string. If the input stream
Read bytes from the underlying stream.
Read the header from the inputstream.
Convert an ISO - 8601 formatted string into a date object.
Read a table of records from a file or URL.
Transfers a group from one dataset to another.
Get the stn file for the given location. If the location does not point to a
Open a random access file. The file must have the same extension as the file extension.
Returns the index of the beginning of the list.
Returns the end of the array at the given index or - 1 if the index is out
Create all the runtime collections for all the files in the source directory.
Set the value of the edit text field.
Returns the data type for the given format.
Compute the ECCFTOLLA coordinates for a point on the surface of a cylinder
Returns null if unit is null.
Clean the name of a resource. This method is used to clean the name of a resource
Returns true if the given unit is unitless. If the unit is unitless returns false
Create a notes object for a given note type dimension group and note id.
Get the varid of a varnotes object.
Parse a DAS file into this DAS object. The DAS object must be a
finddodsv is done if usedone is true and there are no more children.
dodsv. finddatav is a helper function to find the parent dod
Returns the child at the given index or null if there is no child at the given index
Returns the parent group of this file.
Returns the dimension with the given index or null if the index is out of range.
Returns the index of the first dimension with the given name or - 1 if not found.
Returns the unitsstring of the cdm. units attribute. If the cdm.
Returns the shapeassection of this shape as a list of range objects.
Returns a slice of this array with the specified dimension and value. If the dimension is out
Sets the enum typedef.
Read the data from the file into an array of ranges. If no ranges are provided the
Reads a scalar string from the file and returns it as a string.
Reads an array of bytes from the input stream. This method is called when the input stream
Read the array from the specified section.
Returns a string representation of this object. The output is indented according to the number of indentation
Returns a string representation of this object in debug mode.
Sets the data type of this element.
Sets the list of dimensions to be used. If null is specified all dimensions are used.
Resets the shape of this shape to its default value.
Sets the dimensions of this node.
Resets the list of dimensions to their initial values. If a shared dimension is added to the
Sets the dimension at the given index. The index must be greater than or equal to the
Set the cached data for this element.
Returns a list of all dimensions in this dimension list.
Sets the bounding box of the bounding box that will be used to draw the bounding box.
Initialize the grid list and sort the grid list by uvhash. The grid list is sorted
Returns a list of all the datasets in the dataset set.
Returns true if the path ends with one of the synextensions.
Open a netcdf dataset and create a DMR context.
Builddmr. Do nothing if already done. Do nothing if already done.
Builds the sequence types for the given CDM variable.
builddimrefs is called when the dapvariable has a reference to one
Find a matching enum typedef for a given varenum.
Returns a list of dimensions that are the core dimensions of the given dimension set. If the
scanbufrfile - Scan the given file for messages and add them to the given counter
Process bufriosp2 message as dataset.
This method is called when a request is done. It logs the request and response to the
Returns a new affinetransform with the specified parameters.
Returns true if the map should be rotated. This method is called when the size of the
Get the area of the map in screen coordinates.
Convert a point from the world space to the screen space. The point p is set to
Pan the map by the specified amount. The zoom level will be pushed onto the stack.
Zooms the image to the specified dimensions.
Recalculates from the bounding box.
Adds an object to the list of listeners. If the object already has a listener this method
removelistener. Remove a listener from the list of listeners. If the list
Sends an event to all registered listeners. The event will be sent to all registered listeners.
Sendeventexcludes the source of an event.
Print a command to the given writer.
Print the variable data of a given variable if it is an array and return it as a
Print a section of a variable s data. The data is read from the specified sectionspec
Print a structuredata object to a printwriter. The indent will be prepended to each line
Print an array to a printwriter. This is useful for debugging and debugging.
Print an array to a printwriter with a default indent and a boolean indicating whether the array
Write a NetCDF file to a NetCDF file writer.
Read an attribute as a double. If the attribute is not found the default value is returned
Add a parameter to the coordinatetransform object. If the variable does not
Read an object of the specified type from the input stream. The input stream must be of
Returns true if the given gridrecord is a positive up - to - date record.
Returns true if this unit is compatible with the given unit.
Make a label for the given quantityid. The label will be the same as the quantity
Sets the offset of the bit in the RAF file to the given offset. The offset
Convert nb bits to unsigned integer.
Convert a number of bits to a signed integer.
Open a connection to the DAP server. This method is called by the DAP server
Get the DAS file path from the DAS file system. If the DAS file
Returns the complete ce string. If ce is null returns str_. If ce is null
Calculate the tolatlon from the world to the origin. The origin is assumed to be
idvdatasetcatalog - idvdatasetcatalog - idvdatasetcatalog - idvdataset
idvcompatiblerange converts a daterange object into a daterange object
Returns true if the file is a valid random access file ; false otherwise.
Sets the spacecraftid and noradid attributes based on the title of the header
Get the number of samples per band and dimension from the headerinfo.
Read the root element from the given location.
Removes all XML character data from the given text and returns it as a string. If the
Xunescapes a string using a UTF - 8 encoding.
Escapes the given URL query string so that it can be used as an URL query string.
Unescapes the given URL - query string and returns it. If the string cannot be
Returns a copy of the string s with all backslash - encoded characters removed.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as a URL - escaped value.
Add the lightning global attributes to the given NetCDF file.
Swaps two shorts at a given offset in a byte array at a given byte offset
Swap an int from a byte array to an offset in a big - endian byte array.
Swap a double value from a byte array at a given offset.
swap the bits of a float and return the result as a float.
Swaps a double value and returns the result as a double. The result is a double
Convert a short to a byte array.
Convert an integer to a byte array.
Convert a long to a byte array.
Create a new verticaltransform subset of this matrix with the given ranges.
Returns a pretty printed XML document with the given date and last modified date as a string.
Make an array of the same size as the input array. This method is used to make
This method is called to write the start of the XML file. It is called by the
Write the features to the output file.
Add the levels to the list of records.
add dimensionstonetcdffile to group g
addtonetcdffile - Addton etcdffile to the given netcdf file.
Find the coordinatetransform for a given group and level.
Returns the index of the level at which the given record is located.
Cancels the timer and prints the exit message to the standard output.
Get a file from the cache. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns the existing file or null if it doesn t exist. If the cache is never used
Display the cache information.
Clean up the cache for the given directory. This method is called when a directory is deleted
Calculates the bearing between two points using the given Earth.
Calculates the bearing between two points.
The main entry point for the program.
Finds a point on the earth with the specified distance and azimuth. The result object will be
Finds a point on the default earth with the specified distance and azimuth and returns the result.
Finds a point on the default earth with the specified distance and azimuth and returns the result.
Load a picture in a new thread. This thread will be started if the picturestatuscode
Load a picture from the specified image url with the specified rotation. If the picture is already
Load the picture to the log.
Stop the loading of the image. This method is called when the image is being loaded.
Stop loading the image except for the given exemptionurl.
Returns the size of the buffered image. If the buffered image is null returns the size of
Sets the source buffered image.
Returns the standard URI for this resource.
Transfer information from one list to another.
Count the number of bits in all the subkeys.
Returns true if this datadescriptor is equal to the given object false otherwise.
Loads the header from the input stream. If the header has already been loaded returns the number
Load all the data from the input stream into the data array. If the header has not
Returns the field with the given name or null if there is no field with the given name
Returns an array of double values of the field with the given name or null if the field
Get the value of a field as an array of strings. If the field does not exist
Returns an array of boolean values for the named field or null if the field does not exist
Returns the name of the field with index i or null if there is no such field.
Returns an array of the names of the fields in this struct.
The main method of this class. This is the entry point for the java. sql.
Returns a hashmap of attribute names to their corresponding DAP attribute values.
Set an attribute on this object. If an attribute with the same name already exists it is
Remove an attribute from this object.
Get the group of the dataset.
Get the parent node of this node.
Returns the escaped short name of the package.
Returns the path of this node to the root of its container.
Returns the path to the group in this node. The path is sorted by group or dataset
Returns the fully qualified name of this node.
Builds the DAP dataset from the given byte array and byte order. This method is called
Add a bean collection to the bean map.
Returns the value of the specified key as a list. If the key does not exist it
Returns the object associated with the given key. If the key does not exist returns null.
Read the data from a GRIB file and return it as a float array.
Prints the top variables of the DAP dataset to the output stream. Note that this method
Print a compound instance.
Returns the string representation of the given element as a string.
Write an element to a file.
Write the given element to the given outputstream. The outputstream will be closed after this
Write an XML element to the given writer.
Create a dimension element from the given dimension object.
makeecoordinatetransform make a projectionct from an attributecont
Get an array of int values from an attribute of a class.
Create a new baseunit with the given name symbol and quantity. If the unit already exists
Create a new unit name from the given name and symbol and the given unit definition.
Create a base unit database.
Returns the singleton instance of this class.
Find the index of the coordinate element in the target array.
Finds the index of the closest coordinate to the given target.
Returns a subset of the values in the range [ minvalue maxvalue stride ).
Open a feature dataset with a task.
Open a feature dataset.
Set the title and id of the given dataset in the given netcdfdataset.
Read data from a GRIB1 record from a random access file.
Assemble a URI from a set of parts.
Returns the canonical form of the given string or null if the input is null or empty.
Normalizes the given units string.
Finishes the parsing of the xlinkhref. If the xlinkhref is null then
Returns the element associated with the given key or null if there is no such element.
Associates the specified value with the specified key. If the key already exists the value is replaced
Returns the date of the date field as a java. util. Date object.
Prints the XML attributes of a dapnode. This method is called by the dap
Prints an XML attribute with the given name and value. If the value is null or empty
Returns true if the given attribute is a special attribute of a group or a variable.
Prints the dimensions of the specified variable. The dimensions of the specified variable are printed in the
Returns true if the given file is a valid randomaccessfile.
Sets the areadirectory attributes of the given variable.
Sets the navblock attributes of the given variable to the given value.
Get the calibration type for the given calname.
Set the caltype attributes for the given variable.
Find the coordinates of a point in the dataset. The coordinates are stored in the tableconfig
Returns the full name of the coordinate axis of the specified type or null if there is no
Find the coordinate axis of a given type in a netcdf dataset.
Find the coordinate axis of the given type in the given dataset.
Returns the dimension of the first dimension of the given type.
Find the best coordinatesystem for the given netcdfdataset
Find a dependent axis by axis type and axistype.
Returns the value of the named variable in the specified row. If the variable does not exist
Read the next marker from the input stream.
Writes a marker byte to the dataoutputstream. The marker byte is written to the data
This is the main method of the example. It creates a chart and adds it to the
Returns the contents of an array as a java array of strings.
Returns a list of dorade parameter values for each sensor in the network.
Sets the list of stations to be displayed.
Sets the currently selected station to the given id.
Redraws the image if it is not already redrawn. Does nothing if it is
Reads a rectangle from an object input stream.
Writes an object to an objectoutputstream.
Add the given unitdbimpl to this unitdb.
Adds a unit to the unitset.
Adds a symbol to the symbol table with the given name. If the symbol already exists it
Returns the unit with the given id or null if no unit with the given id exists.
Adds a unit to the name map. If the name is null the new unit is added
Adds a new unit to the symbol map if the symbol is not null. If the symbol
Adds a new unit to the given map and throws an exception if the unit already exists.
Add a menu to the list of installed look - and - feels.
Find a Grib2Record given a DRS position.
Read an object from a dataset.
Serialize the given dataset to the given outputstream using the given ceevaluator and special
Create a copy of this projection with the same parameters as this one but with a default map
Open a feature dataset using the specified task.
Open a feature dataset using the specified access object and task.
Open a netcdf dataset from an existing dataset. The caller is responsible for closing the dataset
Annotate the given dataset with the data in the given netcdfdataset.
Add a new partition to the list of partitions for a given group and variable.
Creates a new GribCollection from the given DICOM object.
Returns an instance of regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer for the specified matchpattern
Returns an instance of regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer for the specified matchpattern
Writes an EXML document to a file using the specified query capability.
Read the arraystructure data from the given structure object.
Sets the picture to be displayed on the screen. The picture will be drawn on the screen
Sets the buffered image to be displayed on the screen. The legend will be displayed on the
Zoomtofit is the zoomtofit function. It is called when zoomt
Paints the component.
Returns the time series for the given time series. The time series is assumed to be in
Returns the GDatimatime string for a given int array of intdtf values
ti_itoc returns the date and time from an array of ints.
Returns the day of the month given the iyear imon and the day of the month
Returns the CCRD string for the given IVCOD.
Reverses the values in an integer array starting at the given index with the given number
Get the name of the grid packing type.
Returns the datatype of the given type constant.
Read data from the inputstream.
This method is called when the output stream is externalized. This method is called by the
Get the tag enum for the given code.
Returns the next image in the queue. If forward is true the next image will be returned
Returns the number of characters in a daptype in ascending order.
Returns the sum of the elements of the given array.
Set the size of the grid in pixels.
Sets the number of times a new entry should overlap with the current entry. The default is
Clear all the elements in the grid.
Mark a rectangle as clear if it is within the bounds of the grid. This method is
Find the intersection of this rectangle with the given rectangle.
Find the intersection with the given point.
Finds the closest object to the given point.
Returns the distance between the specified point and the point at indexx and indexy.
Get or create a baseunit with the given name and base quantity.
Search for the protocol of the given fragment. If the fragment is not found null is returned
Returns the servicetype of the given URL.
Decode a path extension into a servicetype.
Check if the given location is a valid IFDOD file.
send data to the specified outputstream. The outputstream must be closed after this method returns
Returns the fully - qualified name of a class or interface. The fully - qualified name is
Returns the prefix of the given fully qualified name. If the given fully qualified name starts with
Locate a file in the local file system.
Locaterelative implementation of locaterelative.
Extract a byte array from a bytebuffer.
Returns the path to the given variable in the form of an arraylist of dapvariables
Returns null if the given path is null and the length of the path is the same as
Join an array of strings into a string. The separator string will be prepended to each string
Returns true if the given string has a driveletter.
Returns a list of supported protocols for the given URL.
Convert an index to a list of slices using the dimensions of the template variable.
Convert an offset to a list of slices.
Returns true if any of the slices in the list are contiguous.
Returns true if any of the slices in the list is a single point.
Construct a slicestoindex from a list of slices.
Read data from the inputstream.
Set the name of the station variable and the name of the index of the station in the
Read a featurecollection config from a file in a catalog. If the file does not exist
Update the list of groups that have been added to the list of groups that have been added
Finds a variable by its name.
Get the axistype of a variable.
Return the GribStatType corresponding to the given timerangeindicator.
Subset the longitude axis of the coverage data.
Returns a list of the ranges of this axis. The ranges are in the same order as
Sets the default values for the given properties. This method is synchronized and should not be called
Get the session id from the cookie store. If there is no cookie in the cookie store
Set the maximum number of redirects in the https session.
Sets whether or not this session will use sessions.
Closes the connection. If the connection is already closed this method does nothing. If the connection
Set the authentication and proxy for the given HTTP client builder. This method should only be called
Adds a session to the list of sessions to be tracked. This method is thread - safe
Set the global credentials provider for the given scope.
This method validates that the given URL is a valid URI. If it is a valid URI
Creates an index of the given shape.
Computes the stride for the given shape and stride.
Index a list of ranges into a section of a list of ranges. If the list is
Reduces the index by removing all entries with the same number of elements in the index.
Reduces the index to the specified dimension.
Creates a new index with the transpose of the elements of index1 to index2.
Creates a new index with the specified dimensions permuted.
Returns an index iterator for the given array.
Returns the current element in the list.
Sets the current index to the given array. The array must have the same length as the
Sets the dimension to the given value. If the value is out of bounds the dimension will
Sets the elements of this index to the given values.
Returns the name of the time interval in seconds.
Make the start and end dates for the given calendar.
Create a list of strings representing the date and time of the file. If unique is true
Make a list of gempakparameter objects from a dmpart.
Returns a list of all the stations in the table. The first element in the list is
Returns a list of the names of the station keys.
Returns a list of dates in the format specified by the datelist. If the datelist
Returns the index of the station with the given id or - 1 if not found.
Returns the file type of the label. If the label has a subtype then the subtype is
Indents the given number of times.
Sets the indentation level.
Read or create an index from a single file.
Add a directory scan to the collection.
Returns true if the configuration is scanneeded. This method is intended to be overridden by
Scan the first time and return true if the scan was successful or false if the scan was
Set the debug flags for this NetCDF file. This is only used for debugging.
Adds a new variable to the model.
Write the file to the netcdf file and return the netcdffile object.
Validate the given XML document. If strict is set to true this method will throw an exception
Returns a constraint string representation of this slice.
Set the original variable.
Really read the data from the client.
Returns true if any of the variables in the given structuremembers need to be converted.
Convert an array to an arraystructure.
Convert the members of a structuremembers. member into a structuremembers. members. member.
Find the variable with the given orgname or null if it is not found.
Returns true if the given variable has any data in the given structuremembers.
Enhance the variables in this dataset.
Returns true if the request is a controlok of the resource at the specified path
Make an empty arraysequence from the given sequence.
Create an arraysequence from a sequence of floats and a list of parameters.
Create a sequence from the parameters of the given part. If includemissing is true the sequence
Add the vertical coordinate attribute to the given variable.
Read a catalog from an XML file and set the result in a callback. This method is
Read an XML string into an invcatalog object.
Read a catalog from a string reader. The string reader must be a valid XML document.
Write an invcatalog to an outputstream. The outputstream will be closed after this method
Returns the metadataconverterif for the given key or null if no metadataconverter exists for the
Returns a dimensionless unitname object or null if it can t be created.
Multiply this unit by the given unit. If the dimension of this unit is the same as
Divide this unit by the given unit. If the dimension of this unit is the same
Copy the input array into the output array. The output array will have the same length as
Returns true if this unit is compatible with the given unit.
Write a simplegeometry as a feature to the output stream.
Write a point in XML format.
Write a line to the xml string.
Write a polygon to the output string.
Returns a list of all the subnodes of the given parent node.
Pass all reserved attributes of a node to the DAP parser.
Returns a subset of the string of the dimensions of the given variable. The dimensions of the
Factory method to create an arraystructurema object from an arraystructure object.
Set the value of a member as an array.
Create an arraystructurema object from a structure and an array shape.
Get the geometrytype for the given name.
Make a time series feature from a set of station time series data and record number.
Compile the AST into a DAP AST.
Compile a filter expression into a DAP expression. The sort of the expression is determined by
Add a dimension redefinition to the given ceast. The slice will be added to the
Creates a view of the array object at the given index.
Returns true if the rectangle b is contained within this rectangle.
Extend this point to contain the given point.
Extend this bounding box with another bounding box. The bounding box must be non - null.
Returns the intersection of this rectangle with the given rectangle.
Add two arrays and return the result.
Returns true if the arrays a and b have the same shape.
Returns true if shapea and shapeb are conformable. If shapea and shapeb
Convert an array to a new array of the given datatype.
Copies the contents of an array to the result array. The result array must be the same
Copy boolean values from array a to array result.
Copy an object from an array to another array.
Returns the min and max values of the given array.
Set the values of the elements in the result array to the given double value.
Create a new catalogbuilder with all the datasets in the local dataset list.
Create a projection implementation from the given projection. If the projection is already an instance of projection
Returns the unescaped version of the given identifier or null if the identifier is invalid.
URL - decodes the given string and returns the result as a string. If the input is
Unescapes the given URL and returns the result as a new URL.
Returns a copy of x with any backslash - escaped characters replaced by the given reserved characters.
Returns a copy of the input if it contains backslash - escaped characters. Otherwise returns the input
Tokenize an escaped name into a list of strings.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of c in escapedname or - 1 if c is
Backslashtodap returns a copy of bs with all characters in _allowable
Read an atomics scalar.
Get the cursor s path as a list of cursors. The path is a list of
Returns the uidefault value of the given property of the given class. If the property
Returns the class of the given component or null if it is not a component.
Compiles the dataset and databuffer into a single DAP file. This method must be called
compilestructurearray compiles an array of objects from the databuffer.
Compiles a DAP structure into a DAP structure object.
compilesequencearray compiles an array of sequence objects into a sequence array.
compiles a sequence from the input stream to the input stream and stores the result in the
Read a lelong from the input stream.
Returns the field with the given name or null if the field does not exist.
Get the value of the field with the given name.
Sets the value of the named field to the given object.
Adds a field to the table.
Adds a checkbox field to the form with the specified name label and default value.
Add a date field to the form.
Add a double field to the table with a default value.
Add an int field to this struct.
Add a password field to the form.
Adds a text field to the form with the specified name label and default value.
Adds a text combo field to the form.
Adds a textarea field to the form.
Adds a heading to the table.
Adds a component to the layout. The component is added to the end of the list of
Adds a layout component to the specified row of the table with the specified width and height.
Find the first visible frame in the current frame stack.
Returns the cell spacing in degrees between 0. 0 and 1. 0 and 1. 0
Returns a copy of the factor table. This is a copy of the factor table.
Multiplies this factor with the given dimension and returns the result as a new factor array.
Returns a factor array that performs the power of this factor by the given number.
Returns true if this dimension is the reciprocalof of the given dimension.
Returns true if all factors are dimensionless. If all factors are dimensionless returns false.
Factory method to create a new grib1paramtables object from the given path and look
Factory method to create a new grib1paramtables object from a jdom element.
Add a parameter tablelookup to the standard lookup table.
Add a new parameter table to the lookup table.
Return the unit at the given power. If the power is 1 the derived unit is dimension
Convert the input array to the output array by multiplying the base by lnbase and then
Initialize the unittable.
Make a vertical variable.
Returns the next random name from the given file or null if there are no more random names
Grab a short from the byte array at the given offset.
Grab an integer from the given byte array at the given offset.
Grab a float from the given byte array at the given offset.
Grab a double from the byte array at the given offset.
Create an alias for the given alias and name. If the alias already exists it will be
Add a symbol to the list of known symbols. This method is called when a symbol is
Create a converter from one unit to another.
Set the list of structuredata objects to be read from.
Set the list of point feature data.
Draws all the shapes that intersect the bounding box of the image.
Returns an iterator over all the shapes in the shape list.
Reads the inputstream and processes all the buffered data. This method is not thread - safe
Read data from the inputstream into the destination buffer starting at the specified offset.
Get the next more bytes from the input stream.
Read bytes from the stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset.
Skip the next n bytes in the stream.
Add dimensionstonetcdffile to group g.
Returns the index of the coordinate corresponding to the given grid record. The index is - 1
Returns true if the file is a valid ROM file and false if it is not.
Open a random access file for reading. This method is called when a random access file is
Read data from a section of a variable.
Read an array of bytes from a byte array of length rlen with length xt.
Create a new dataset from a netcdfdataset object.
Create a new variable in the netcdf file.
Set the map area.
Set the map area.
Set the center of the map area relative to the center of the map.
Set the projection implementation to use.
Add the actionstomenes to the specified menu.
redraw timer for a given amount of time. If redraw timer is already running do nothing
Sets the bounds of the screensize rectangle.
Sets the selected variable if it is not null. If it is null nothing is done.
Get a double value from the template at the given offset. The offset is relative to the
Read a double value from the stream.
Get the object at the given index. The index must be atomic. If the index is
Returns the name of the sector with the given ID.
Reads a scaled integer from the buffer and returns it as a double.
Returns the parameter with the given name ignoring case.
Swaps the byte order of the bytes in the stream.
Get the timestepsperfile and the number of times and the start time of the file
Returns the full path to the data file at the given indices.
Get the list of filenames.
get the pathtoddf from the ddfile. If there is no pathtod
Get the full path of a file.
Adds a channel subscription to the list of channel subscriptions.
Convert a reference date to a timecoordintvvalue.
Read a WMO from a RandomAccessFile. This is the main entry point for the
Get the uncompleted data starting at the given offset and with the given length.
P - 12n13n14 pcode
pcode_25 pcode_25 pcode_25 pcode_25 pcode
Check if the message header is valid. Return the number of bytes read or - 1 if
PCODE 5.
Parse a 128 - bit PCODE.
Returns the levels of the given short array. The levels are assumed to be in ascending order
Returns the dual polarity levels for the given short array.
Add a new variable to the dataset.
Add a parameter to the dataset.
Uncompress a bytebuffer into a byte array. This method is designed to be used by
Get an unsigned integer from a byte array.
Get an unsigned integer from a byte array.
Convert a byte array into an object of the given datatype.
This method is called when a DODM request is received from the DAP server.
Get the state of the daprequest from the request and response. The daprequest
Sends an error to the client with the given httpcode and throwable. If t is null
Set the anchor point to point p. The point p is assumed to be on the line
Stretch the line to the given point.
dateonlyformat - Date only format. text - String to format. dateonlyformat -
Replace the data variables in the structure with the data variables from the structure members.
Ensures that the array size is okay. If it is not it throws an exception.
Reads two integers from a randomaccessfile.
Read an unsigned 16 - bit value from a random access file.
Reads a 3 - bit integer from a randomaccessfile.
Reads 2 bytes from a randomaccessfile and returns them as a 2 - bit unsigned integer
Read a 3 - bit unsigned integer from a randomaccessfile.
Reads a 4 - bit float from a randomaccessfile.
Calculate the 4 - bit float value from the four - bit ints a b c d.
Reads an 8 - bit integer from a randomaccessfile.
Count the number of bits in a byte array.
Construct a new lambertconformal projection with the same parameters as this one.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Escapes a string for use in an XML entity.
Returns a copy of the given string with all backslash - escaped characters replaced with their original value
Splits a string into a list of strings where each element in the list is a backslash.
Create a new FMRC matrix for the given date and formatter.
Returns the service special for the given path. If the path starts with the service spec
Returns the number of projected components in this array.
Returns a copy of this date with the same fields as this date but with the same time
Creates a new arraystructurebb with the contents of the given bb and the given section.
This is the entry point for the lucene indexing program. This is the entry point for
Return a Grib1Record from a proto. grib1. record
Returns true if the string ismine in the given NetCDF file false otherwise.
makeutmprojection returns the coordinate system of the UTM projection of the coordinate system.
Reacquires a reference to the areafile. This method should only be called once.
Returns true if the date is before the specified date. If the date is not present this
Returns true if this date is before the specified date.
Returns true if the date is after the specified date.
Sets the value at the given index to the given new value. The new value will be
add a new coordinatesystem to the list of coordinatesystems for this variable.
Sets the unitsstring for this variable.
Returns the unit as a string. If the unit is not a string null is returned.
Initializes this object with the given readmode and preferences. If readmode is null the default
Read a catalog from the file system and store it in the catalogrelpath and catalogfull
Process all the datasets in the list of datasets and add them to the list of idmap
This method is called when a directory is read from the file system. It is called when
Returns true if the longitude is between lonbeg and lonend.
Returns a string representation of the given latitude and longitude. If the latitude is greater than or
Returns a string representation of the longitude and the number of decimal digits.
Compares this quantity to another quantity in ascending order.
Returns the selected dataset or null if there is no selected dataset.
Set the selected dataset in the tree.
Make a treepath from the given node to the root of the tree.
Open all the nodes in the tree. If includecatref is true the node will be
Sets the catalog to be displayed in the JOptionPane.
Sets the catalog to be used.
Find the alias of the attribute of the given variable. If no alias is found the alias
Writes a variable - length integer to the stream. The number of bytes written is returned.
Writes characters from the given string to the output stream in the specified range of bytes.
Reads characters from the input stream into a character array starting at the specified offset.
Set the debug flags for the NetCDF file.
Adds a member to the list of members.
Hides a member from the member list. Returns the index of the member or - 1
Returns a list of the names of all the members of this group.
Returns the member with the given name or null if there is no such member.
Get the bitmap from the RAF. The bitmap is read from the RAF starting at
Restore the state of the table from the given preferencesext object.
Returns an iterator over the selected rows in the table.
Returns the index of the model column in the table.
Get the value of a member as an array.
Returns the value of the member as a double. This is a convenience method for getting the
Get the double array representation of a structure member.
Returns the float value of the member m.
Get the contents of an array as a float array. The contents of the array will be
Returns the value of a scalar member as a byte.
Get the value of an array member as a byte array.
Returns the value of a scalar member as an integer.
Get a Java array of int values from a structure member.
Returns the short value of the member m in the order in which the values are sorted.
Get an array of short values from a member of the type array.
Returns the value of a scalar member as an unsigned long.
Get the long array representation of an array member.
Returns the character value of the given member.
Get the contents of an array as a char array.
This method is called when a dataset is created. It will write the dataset to a file
Create a copy of this dataset.
Transfer the metadata from one datasetnode to another. If parentsalso is true then the metadata
Get the inheritable threddsmetadata.
Adds a new product to the list of records.
Prints the missing values in the log file with the given formatter.
Print a summary of the missings in this recordtracker.
Find a record in the recordtracker with the given ensembles time and level.
Returns a string representation of this grid file.
Make a string representation of the parameter s name and the level name. This is used to
Returns a subset of this coverage axis with the specified intervals.
Returns true if b1 and b2 have the same length as b1 and b2
Parse a document into a dapdataset object.
Process the attributes of the given dataset. The attributes are suppressed if the number of attributes is
Add a list of coordinates to the partition.
Set the gaussian latitudes.
Parse a variable selector in a section specification.
Returns a string representation of the section spec for the given variable and a list of ranges.
Returns true if wantlat and wantlon are contained within the bounds of this box.
Closes the connection. If the connection is already closed this method does nothing. If the connection
Executes the request and returns the HTTP status code.
Identify the encoding station in the netcdf dataset. This method is called when the encoding station
Returns the name of the variable that matches the given axistype and outer dimension.
Sets the inputstream for this block. The inputstream must be closed before calling this method
Read a character from the input stream. If the input stream is at the end of the
This method is called when a task is started. This method is called when a task is
parsetouri returns a new URI from the given string. If the given string contains
Returns a copy of the given URI with the URI parts excluded from the given URI.
Returns null if the string is null and the length of the string is equal to num_
Returns the canonical form of prefix and suffix.
Returns true if the dataset should be included in the crawl. If the dataset s lastmodified
Copy the information from another gribcollectionmutable object to this one.
Returns a list of all filenames in the filemap sorted by file name.
Sets the indexraf.
Get the full path to the index file in the cache.
Returns the number of counters contained in this compressed set.
Adds a global attribute with the given name and value. If the attribute already exists it will
Adds a global attribute with the given name and values.
Delete the global attribute with the given name. If the attribute does not exist null is returned
Rename the global attribute with the given name to the new name. If the attribute does not
Adds a variable attribute to the document.
Add a variable attribute to the document.
Delete an attribute from a variable. If the variable does not exist or the attribute does not
Rename an attribute of a variable. If the variable does not exist or the attribute does not
Make the filesubtype based on the type of the file being processed. This method is
Writes the headers and bounding box to the file.
Write all the geometries in the list to the feature file.
Write an XML document representing the observation data set in the format specified in the configuration file.
Generate the XML document that represents the current state of the model. The XML document is formatted
Write a DSR string to the stream. If the stream is not in the initial state
Send a DXR message to the peer. The DXR message will be sent
Write an error response to the response body.
Close the DMR channel.
Flush the buffer to the DMR channel. This method does nothing if the request mode is
Returns true if the given index is contained within this range.
Returns the i th element of the string.
Shift the origin of this range to the end of this range. The origin is relative to
Read the data of the given type from the RAF.
Read data from the file into a writable byte channel.
Returns a subset of the elements of this vector. The elements must be of the same length
Set the values of the GDS parameter.
Make a double array from an array of ints.
Gets the dataset boundaries.
Checks whether the requested variables are present in the coverage collection and throws an exception if not.
Returns the datasetsourcestructure with the given name or null if the name is null.
Get the absolute path to a resource in the requested dataset.
Make the vertical dimensions of the netcdf file based on the grid vertcoord list.
Read the PIB from the file.
Finishes the analysis. This method is called after all the data has been parsed.
transferinheritable2publicmetadata - transfer all localmetadatainheritable to the publicmetadata of
transfer the metadata from another dataset to this one. If this dataset is the same as the
Transfer inheritable metadata from one dataset to another.
Sets the list of contributors to be added to the thredds metadata.
Adds a dataset to the dataset list at the specified index. If the dataset is null nothing
Remove a dataset from this catalog.
replace a dataset in this catalog with a new dataset
Add a new service to the list of services.
Remove a service from the list of registered services. This method is called when a service is
Sets the list of services that are local to this node. The list must not be empty
removelocalmetadata removes the given metadata from the local metadata list.
Returns the value of the userproperty with the given key or null if the key is not
Returns true if the stringbuilder is valid and false if it is invalid. Otherwise returns false
Returns a list of all the descriptors of this class.
Construct the server path from the httpservletrequest.
Get the capabilities of a simplegeometrycs.
Get a feature from a simplegeometrycsbuilder.
Checks the parameters for an error.
This is the httphandler method. It is called by the httphandler
Get the capabilities of the specified URL.
Returns the number of bytes written to the stream. This is the number of bytes written to
Get the last modified date of an object.
This method is called when a file is returned to the client. It is called by the
return a string to the servlet response
Sets the content length of the given response to the length of the given string.
Returns the URI of the given request or null if the request is not a valid URI.
Returns the servlet path and pathinfo of the given httpservletrequest as a string.
Get the request URL. This is the base URL of the servlet request and the query string
Returns the value of the request parameter with the given name ignoring case.
Saves the current settings of the split. This method is called when the split is saved.
Writes the contents of a directory to the http servlet response.
Makenested method for bitcounteruncompressed. This method is called when a new
Count the number of bits in the replication table starting at the given bit index.
Append a line to the end of the file.
Make a featurecollection document from a point and a list of featurecollections.
Returns a document representing the capabilities of this feature collection.
Get the record at the given coordinates.
Get the coordinate at the given index.
Adds an item to the list. If the item is already in the list it will be
The default exception handler. This is the default exception handler that will return a string representation of
Move forward from firstpos to lastpos in reverse order and return the index of the next
Gets the ncepgenprocess map.
iscdmrfendpoint - iscdmrfendpoint - iscdmrfendpoint -
Sets the value of the set field to the specified type.
Create a new Grib1GDS object from a center and a grid number.
Copy a byte array from the inputstream to the outputstream. If showcopy is true
Read the contents of an inputstream into a string using the given character set.
Read the content of an inputstream into a byte array using the default number of file buffers
Writes the contents of a string to an outputstream. The contents of the string will be
Copies the contents of a file into a outputstream. The contents of the file are copied
Copy a range of bytes from a randomaccess file to an outputstream.
Copy a directory tree to another directory.
Read the contents of a file into a byte array.
Read a file and return it as a string. The file is read in UTF - 8
Write the contents of a string to a file. The contents are written to the given file
Write the contents of a string to a file and write it to the specified fileoutname
Write the contents of the inputstream to a file. The file will be closed after this
This method is called when a parseexception occurs. It is called by the parse exception handler
The dap2exceptionhandler is called when a dap2exception occurs. This is
This method is called when a bad URL is received from the client. It will log the
This method is used to get the catalog of the server. This method is called by the
Prints the catalog to the specified output stream.
Print the status of this request to the given printwriter.
printbadurlpage prints the bad urlpage to the given printwriter.
Returns the reference date of this date.
Read the data for a given variable from the file and store it in the given datastorage
Read a NCML string and return a NCMLCollectionReader.
Open a NCML file and return a NCMLCollectionReader.
Returns a copy of x with all letters in allowchars replaced with replacechar.
Clean up the byte array and return it as a UTF - 8 string.
Returns a copy of x with only letters that are in okchars or are in okchars
Returns a copy of the string s with all 7 - bit characters removed.
Make sure the given string is a valid CDM object name.
Returns the index of the first character in s1 that is not in s2.
Pads the left side of a string to the given length with the given string until it
Pads a string to the right with a string of the given length with the given string
Removes the first occurrence of sub from s and returns s.
Removes the first occurrence of c from s. If c is not present in s returns s
Removes the character c from the end of the string s if it is the end of the
Collapses all whitespace characters in a string into a single string.
Replaces all occurrences of out in s with in. If out is not present in s returns
Replaces all occurences of x with replacechar and replacewith with replacewith.
Replaces all occurrences of pattern in string with value. If pattern is empty string is returned.
Replaces all occurrences of match with subst in original.
Substitute a string from a string array with another string array. If the original string contains
Removes characters from sb that are not in out.
Replaces all occurrences of in in the string out with in.
Replaces all occurrences of the characters in in with the characters in in.
Replaces all occurrences of a string in a stringbuilder with another string.
Returns a copy of the string s with the first character equal to bad and the rest of
This method is called when a collection update event is received. This method will only be called
Check the state of the server. This method is called when the server is in a state
This method is called when a collection is updated. It is called when a new collection is
Returns a list of all the datasets in the file. If the file is a proxy the
Release the resources held by this object.
Create a deep copy of a structuredata object.
Copies an arraystructure to an arraybufferbb. If the arraystructure is of the same
Copy the contents of an arraystructure to an arraystructurebb using the specified byte order.
Copy a structuredata object to an arraystructurebb object.
Create an arraystructurebb from a structuredata object and a structuremembers object.
Get the forecast time intervalsizeinhours from a Grib2 PDS.
Add a section to the coordinate axis. The range is assumed to be in the form of
Create a tableanalyzer for the given tableconfigurer featuretype and netcdfdataset.
Analyzes the featuretype and stores the result in the featuretype table.
Synchronize the state of the McGridReader with the underlying McGridReader.
Returns the values of a Gaussian distribution as a double array. The values are in the range
Convert a swaplong from a byte array to a long.
Swap the bits in a byte array at a specific offset and return the result as a float
Swap a char from a byte array to a byte offset.
Find the coordinate axes in the netCDF file.
Add a parameter to the coordinatetransform object given the name of the parameter
Returns the common parent of this group and the given group.
Returns true if this group is the parent of the other group.
Sets the parent group of this group.
Adds a dimension to this group.
Adds a dimension to the group if it does not already exist.
Adds a group to this group. The group must already exist in this group.
Adds an enumeration to this group. If the group is immutable an illegalstateexception is
Adds a new variable to the scope. If the variable already exists it will be replaced.
Removes the dimension with the given name from the list of dimensions. Returns true if the dimension
Create a makerelative group for a given path.
converts ddsaliasfieldstodasaliasfields to stas aliasfields
Print the DAS to the given printwriter.
Returns the type of the variable with the given name. If no such variable exists an exception
Write a grid to the file.
Replace missing values in the float array with the min - values of the data.
Replace the missing values with the values in the data according to the scale of the missing values
Returns the x - coordinate of the first longitude point in the geospatial index.
Write a georeferenced array to the coverage file.
Writes this exception to the http servlet response.
Create an index file from a featurecollectionconfig object.
Get the type of the GRIB collection from a randomaccess file.
Update a GribCollection using the specified configuration.
Method to update a directory or file collection in a Grib 1 or GRIB 1
Open a GribCollectionimmutable object from a dataraf file.
Create a new instance of a GribCollectionimmutable object from a data file.
Returns true if the given url matches the given pattern. If pattern is null returns false.
Adds a triple to the triple cache.
Returns the value associated with the given key in the given URL. If the key is null
Check if the triplestore is well - known and set it to false if not.
Inserts a new triple into the triplestore. If the triple already exists it will be
Returns the list of datasets in the local cache. If the cache does not contain the dataset
Returns the first dataset with the given name or null if no such dataset exists.
Set the display projection of this feature set to the specified projection. The default projection is the
Returns an iterator over all the shapes in the feature set. The shape is determined by the
Create a list of shapes from a list of features. The shape is the shape of
Compares this string with the given string.
Start a new progressmonitortask. The progressmonitortask will be cancelled
Checks if the index file needs to be updated based on the collectionupdatetype.
Normalizes a list of ESCOords into a list of ESCOords
Set the object at the given index. If the index is greater than the number of elements
Get the structuredata at the given index. If the index is out of bounds a new
Copy all the structures of the given record into the given result iterator. The result iterator will
Get a scalar value from a record.
converts a double value from a scalar to a double or a float value from a record
converts a scalar value to an integer.
Get a float value from the specified record. The return value is stored as a float.
Get the byte value of a scalar field.
Returns the short value of the specified record sorted according to the natural order of the data.
Get the char value of a record as a java. lang. char.
Get the string value of a scalar member.
Get an arraystructure from a structuremember object.
Get an arraysequence member.
Get an object from the data array.
Returns the minimum and maximum value of the given value. If the given value is less than
Evaluates the given expression and returns the result. If the expression is constant the value is returned
Returns a string representation of this constraint.
Returns true if the given node is a reference to this node.
Returns true if the given variable matches the given datacursor and filter.
Returns the number of variables in the given structure that are greater than or equal to num_
Computes the list of enum types that can be used to represent the variables in this class.
computes the groups of the groups in the model. This method is called when the model
Compile a string into a Ceconstraint object.
Returns true if the file is a valid httprandomaccessfile ; otherwise returns false.
Set the bam system properties to clear debug flags. This is done by setting the cleardebug
Returns the byte order of the given random access symbol.
Sets the byte order of the file. This is done by checking the system property for the
Find the key with the given name. If the key is not found null is returned.
Returns the dmfileheaderinfo object for the given file name or null if not found.
Returns the file header information for the given file name or null if the file does not exist
Prints the parts of this message to the standard output.
Get the data pointer for a particular part of a data point.
Move the cursor to the first occurrence of a word in the word list.
Read a string from the current position in the dm file and return it as a new string
Compute the unacknowledged value for the given input vector.
Returns a string representation of the bits in the given bit array.
Write the contents of a netcdf file to a writable byte channel.
Parse the base of an element. This method is called when a base element is encountered.
parselevel is the number of parselevel for the current parsele
parselevel is the number of parselevel and subindent is the indent
Decodes a list of key descriptors into a list of datadescriptors.
Replicates the given keys into a list of subkeys. The keys are assumed to
Get the filename of the dataset. This is the encoded name of the dataset.
Get the cffeaturetype of the gem.
Returns true if a and b are nearly equal due to the absolute difference between a and
Returns true if the node is a reference to a dimension enumeration variable group or dataset.
Parse the given unit specification and return a Unit object.
Returns true if the variable is in the section false otherwise.
Returns the best time in the time2runtime array that is greater than or equal to the
Returns the rectangles that make up the latlontoproj of the given rectangle
shows all the time series data.
Make a hashmap from a list of attributes.
Returns an array of the string values of this column.
Returns the numeric value at the given index or null if the index is out of range.
Writes the declaration of this node to the given formatter. If strict is true the declaration is
Sets the value of the string field.
Sets the values of this array to the values of the given array.
Scan for the next character in the input stream. If the input stream is at the end
Generate a proxydsresolvercatalog for the given proxy datasethandler.
Add a message to the queue. If the queue is full the message will be sent to
Set the thredds datatype of the given dataset.
jumptothreddsdatatype - jumptothreddsdatatype
Prepares the GUI for the current OS.
Create a new ToolsFrame. This method is called when the ToolsFrame is created
Make a fully qualified name from a list of coordinate axis objects.
Returns a coordinateaxis whose rank is lesser than or equal to the rank of the two
Find the axis of a given type in the list of coordinate axes.
Returns the projectionct object in this coordinate system or null if there is no projectionct object
Returns true if this axis is a geo - xy axis.
Returns true if all the coordinate axes are regular and false otherwise.
Returns true if any dimension in subset is contained in set.
Returns true if this coordinate system contains all of the axes in the given list.
Returns true if this coordinate system contains the axis with the given name.
Returns true if the domain contains all of the dimensions in wantdimensions.
Returns true if this vector contains all of the axes in the given list.
Returns true if this coordinate set contains the axis with the given axistype.
Clone this node and return a new node with the same attributes as the original node.
Returns the bean currently selected in the table view or null if there is no bean selected.
Get the selected beans.
Returns a list of the selected cells in the table. The selected cells are returned in the
Sets the selected bean in the table selection model.
Restore the state of this view to its original state.
Creates an unknown unit with the given name. If the unit already exists it is returned.
Close the stream and close the underlying method.
Returns true if the given variable is an isextra variable.
Returns true if the given variable is a coordinate.
Find a coordinate axis in a table.
Add all datavars in the table t to the list of datavars in the table t
Add a parent join to the current table.
Create a new stationfeature from the data in the structuredata object.
Create a new nodemap for the given cdmnode and dapnode.
Create a new simpleunit instance with the given name. If an exception occurs during parsing the
Create a new simpleunit with the given name and throw an exception if an exception occurs.
Checks if two units are compatible with any of the exceptions thrown by the unitformat manager.
isdateunit returns true if the given unit is compatible with the datereference unit.
Returns true if the given unit string is a time unit.
Get the conversion factor from the input unit string to the output unit string.
Converst a double value to another unit. The output unit must be the same as
Returns true if this unit is an unknown unit or if it is a scaled unit.
Get the value of the unit. This is the value of the scale of the unit.
Creates a new relop clause with the given operator and list of sub - clauses.
Create a new boolfunctionclause.
Create a new subclause with the given function name and list of children. If the function
Make a grayscale image from an array.
crawls all the datasets in the catalog and outputs the result to the given writer.
crawldataset This is the main entry point for the crawldataset
crawldirectdatasets is called when a dataset is added to a list of datasets.
Get a file from the disk cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Get an existing file from the disk cache. If the file does not exist in the disk
Set the debugleaks flag. If set to false the number of open files is
Returns a list of all the files in the system.
Close the cache. This is called when the cache is no longer needed. If the cache
Seeks to the given position in the list. If the position is greater than the list
Flush the buffer to the underlying file.
Returns the number of bytes read from the stream. If the stream is closed this method returns
Reads n short values from the stream into a short array starting at index start.
Read an int value from the input stream. The input stream must be positioned at least
Read n integers from the stream into an integer array starting at the given position.
Read n long values from the stream into a long array starting at the given position.
Read an array of floats from the stream.
Read n double values from the stream into the specified double array starting at the specified position.
Read a string from the input stream.
Read a string of the specified length from the input stream. The string is returned as a
Writes an array of boolean values to the stream.
Writes an array of shorts in ascending order. The order of the shorts is preserved
Writes n bytes of a character array to the output stream.
Writes an array of integers to the stream.
Writes n 64 - bit unsigned values to the specified position in the specified long array.
Writes an array of floats to the stream.
Writes a double array to the underlying stream.
Writes a string of bytes to the output stream.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Search for a kmpmatch in the file starting at the current file pointer and moving forward
Append a query string to the query string buffer.
Factory method to create a MCollection from a top - level directory and an index reader.
Finds the index for this partition. If the index does not exist it will be created.
Returns true if the directory is a leaf or a directory partition.
Construct the children of this builder based on the given indexreader and collectionupdatetype.
Scans the given directory for children and adds them to the list of children to be built.
Read all the files from the index using the given index reader.
Returns a list of the gridsets in this dataset.
Acquires a filecacheable from the pool. The filecacheable will be created if
Remove a cachefile from the list of files and remove it from the file cache.
This method is called when an object is evicted from the cache. This method is called
Release a reference to a NetcdfFile. This method is called when the NetcdfFile
Returns a 4 - bit integer from the components of a four - bit integer.
Add an element to the cache. If the element is already in the cache return it.
Removes all entries from the cache. If force is set to true the cache will be cleared
Make a vertical transform on the given griddataset. This does nothing if there is no vertical
Returns true if the coordinate axis is globallon i. e. if the coordinate axis
Returns true if vertzaxis is positive. If vertzaxis is null returns false.
Find the index of the x - and y - coordinates in the x - and y -
Find the index of the x - and y - coordinates in the x - and y -
Find the indices of the points in the given latitude and longitude in the given result array.
Find the indices of the points in the given latitude and longitude. The result array will contain
Returns the position of the next item in the list or - 1 if there are no more
Returns the index of the item at the specified pixel. If the item does not exist it
Iterate over all files in the mystreamcollection and call the given visitor for each file
Get the remote files from the remote server.
Returns the name of the subcenter for the given center and subcenter.
Convert a unit string to a calendarperiod. field.
Creates a new calendarperiod with the specified value and field. The returned calendarperiod is cached
Returns a calendarperiod object for the given unit string. Returns null if the unit string is
Returns the number of seconds between start and end. If the difference between start and end is
Returns the conversion factor to convert from the given calendarperiod to this calendarperiod.
Returns the number of milliseconds since the epoch.
Returns the offset between the given start and end dates. If both start and end are equal
Synchronize the file with the grid file. This method is called when the file has been
This method initializes the GempakGridParameterTable.
Adds the given daterootext to the map and adds it to the treeset.
Find the longest path match for the given request path. Returns null if there is no match
Returns the dataroot for the given request path or null if the request path is not
Convert the given datarootext to the corresponding dataroot.
Returns the daterange for the given calendar.
Reindex a list of coordinates to a new list of indices. The returned list will be
Create a new netcdffilewriter with the given version and location and chunker.
Create a new group and add it to the given parent group. If parent is null the
Adds a typedef to the given group.
Delete an attribute from a given group. If the group does not exist null is returned.
Rename an attribute in a group. If the attribute does not exist it will be created.
Add a new record structure to the current record.
Aborts the current transaction and releases any resources associated with it. This method should be called
Writes the properties of this bean to the given printwriter.
Extract thredds metadata from a thredds dataset.
Divide this unit into the given unit. If this unit is an offsetunit then the
Convert this unit to a derived unit by subtracting the offset from the base unit.
Convert a value from the derived unit to this unit.
Convert a nested variable to an array structure.
Converttopvariable is a helper method to convert a DOS variable to an array
Convert a Dodsv object to a NumPy array.
Close all open metadatamanager objects. This method should only be called from the
Create a new database and add it to the list of opendatabases.
Converttoperiod convert an integer to a period. udunit can be one of
Ensure that the array has at least the given minimum capacity.
Get the string at the given index.
Make a catalogfordirectory from the given orgpath and caturi.
make proxydsresolvercatalog is a no - op if the path ends with str_.
Returns the coordinate type of the first dimension in the nested dataset. If the first dimension is
Factory method for creating new Grib2PDS objects.
Returns the calendardate object at the given startindex.
Apply a scale factor to a value.
parselocalconcept adds a local concept from a file.
Add a local concept from the inputstream to the list of local concepts.
Clean a line of text by replacing all characters in the line with underscores and trimming the
Store a concept in the local concepts table. If the table does not exist it is created
Write the local concepts to a GRIB1 file.
Writes a table file to a file in the given directory with the given writedate.
shows the local concepts for each tablenum and paramnum
Example of how to use ECMWFLocalConcepts.
Returns the type of the dataset with the given name or null if the name is null.
Expands the dataset into a new dataset. The dataset must be in the same order as
Fullexpand this dataset into an invcatalog. This method expands the dataset and
get the namesets of the datasets in the datasetcontainer.
Add a dataset to the list of datasets in the dataset list.
Construct a named dataset tree from an invdataset. This is used to build a tree of
Load a picture from the specified image url.
Stop the loading of the given URL except for the given URL if it is currently loading.
Called when a sourcestatuschange is received from the server.
Notify all registered listeners that a picture has been downloaded with a given status code and percentage.
Create a new picture in a new thread with the specified priority. This thread will be started
Returns the width and height of this image scaled to match the size of this image.
Get the string representation of the scaled picture.
Returns a list of the merged parts of this segment.
Make a header string from a Gempakstation object and a date.
sn_ckua returns a list of all the types in the list. The list is
Returns true if the part to check is a valid group and false if it is not.
Set the root directory of the current working directory. If the cachedir does not end with
Create the root directory if it doesn t already exist.
Get the cache file for the given filelocation. If the cache file does not exist
Delete all files in the cache that are older than the given date. If sbuff is
Cleans up the cache. If the cache is longer than maxbytes then the files are deleted
Returns true if the given Fxy is a bufrtable. The Fxy must be
Factory method to create a coordinateaxis object from a netcdfdataset and a variableds
Create a copy of this coordinate axis.
Returns true if the data type is numeric i. e. not char string or structure.
Get the information about this object in a format appropriate for printing to the given formatter.
Returns the value of the calendar attribute or null if the attribute does not exist.
Sets the list of rows to be selected. If the list is larger than the number of
Returns the currently selected tablerow.
Increments the selected row by num_. If increment is true the selected row will be
Returns the index of the column model in the table.
Sets the current index of the slider to the value of the given index in the z -
sorts a string array in lexicographical order lo0 < hi0 - > lo
Swaps the elements at positions i and j in the array.
Returns an mfileos object for the file with the given name or null if the file
Rotates the longitude vector according to the given rotation coefficients and returns the new longitude vector.
Create a new xmlstore from a file. The file is expected to be an XML file
Create a new xmlstore from two inputstreams.
Create a new xmlstore from a resource.
Make a standard filename from the app name and store name.
Saves the current state of the preference to a file. If the file does not exist an
Save the output to the given outputstream.
Write an atomic variable to a serial writer.
Writes a data structure to a serialwriter. The data cursor is expected to be an array
Writes a structure from a datacursor instance to a serialwriter.
Writes a DAP sequence to the given serialwriter. The DAP sequence is written to
Write a single record to a serial writer.
Returns true if the file is a valid random access file and false if it is not.
Returns the wmoid of the distribution.
Read the n - th record from the data inputstream and store it in the appropriate fields
Returns the data at the specified position in the array or null if the index is out of
Get the data from a GRIB 0 type 0.
Get the data from a GRIB 2. 0 GRIB 2. 0 G
Create a cfgrid file from a grid dataset and a list of lat lon rectangles.
estimate the size of a grid of data in a netCDF file for a list of
Create a netcdf file from a list of grids and a range of lat lon rect
Sets the list of stations to be displayed in the UI. The list of stations will be
Sets the currently selected station to the given name.
Pick the station at the given point in the world space. If the world space is empty
Picks the station closest to the given point.
Returns the selected station or null if no station is selected.
Returns the name of the projector. The name is the type of the projector.
Returns a list of stations in the given bounding box.
Get the station with the given name.
Get a dataiterator for a given station.
Get a dataiterator for a given station and date range.
Read the data from the given RAF file with the given abbreviation and range.
dot product of this vector and another vector.
Returns the norm of the matrix.
Normalizes each element in the vector by the norm of its value. The norm is assumed to
Set the services for all the datasets in the given iterator.
Returns the parameter with the given id.
Returns the local parameter with the given id.
Adds a new prefix name and its value to the nameset. If a prefix already exists
Adds a symbol and its value to the symbol set. The symbol is added to the symbol
Returns the first prefix that matches the given string in the given set or null if there is
Returns true if the given source has an email address that is greater than or equal to the
Returns the value of the parameter with the given name. Throws an exception if the parameter is
Calculate the CRC of the grid data.
Returns true if the number is the same as the number in the rawdata.
Returns the index of the field with the given name in the template or throws an exception if
Returns the name of the timerangeindicator.
Returns the timecoord as a string. If this is an interval then the timecoord is
Set the next polygon in the list. If the next is a cfpolygon then the next
Sets the previous polygon. If the previous polygon is a cfpolygon then the previous polygon is
Returns the value of the property with the given name or null if no such property exists.
Sets the current projection to the specified projection. If no projection is specified the current selection is
Returns a subset of the coverage data from the given time. If the time is not present
Register the given classname as an ioprovider in the netcdffile class loader.
Registers the ioprovider with the given iospclass. If last is true the
Returns true if the ioservice provider is registered for the given class false otherwise.
Unregister the ioserviceprovider for the given class.
Returns true if the file at the given location can be opened and false if it can t
Open an in - memory netCDF file with the given name and data.
Opens an in - memory netcdf file with the specified name and data.
Open an in - memory netcdf file.
Open an in - memory netcdf file from a URI.
Returns the global attribute with the given name ignoring case.
Create a NetCDF file and return it as a string. Use this method if you
Write the contents of this string to the given outputstream.
Writes the contents of this string to a printwriter.
Writes the end of the string to the given formatter with the given indentation. If strict is
Adds an attribute to the given group.
Adds an attribute to the given group. If parent is null the rootgroup is used.
Adds a group to a parent group. If parent is null the rootgroup is used.
Adds a dimension to the given group. If parent is null the rootgroup is used.
Returns true if the dimension with the given name has been removed from the given group.
Adds a variable to the given group. If the group is null the rootgroup is used
Add a new variable to the given group.
Adds a string variable to the given group. The group may be null if the variable is
Removes a variable from the given group.
Send this message to the IOSP server.
makerecordstructure - Maker a record structure. This method is called from the constructor
Finishes the parsing process. This method is called when the parsing is complete.
Read the contents of a section. The variablesection can be either a section name or a
Read a variable to a writable byte channel.
Read a list of arrays from a java. io. io. Variable object.
Read a section of a string into an array. If flatten is true an unsupportedoperationexception
Make a fully qualified name for a cdmnode. The fullname is the name of the
Make a full path name from a group and a full path name. The full path name
Returns true if the given mfile should be included in the result.
Returns true if the given mfile should be excluded from the list of filters.
Returns true if andfilter is set to true otherwise returns false.
Append a string value to the attribute. If check is true the value will be converted to
Dispatch a checkvalue to the appropriate handler depending on the type of the value being checked.
Forces the value to be of the given type. If the value is of the given
Checks if the given string is a byte. If not an attributebadvalueexception is thrown
Checks if a short value is a valid short. If debug is enabled the string will be
Checks if a string is an integer. If it is it will return true. Otherwise it
Checks if a string is an unsigned integer.
Checks if a string is a floating point number. If it is it will return true.
Checks if a string is a double value.
Get the datatype of an attribute.
Returns true if this WMS is viewable for the given dataset. If this WMS
Returns true if the given string is a valid boolean value.
Returns true if the given string is a valid alphanumeric string. If the string is null returns
Returns true if the string alphnumstring is one of the characters in the constrainedset
Returns true if the given path is a descendonly file path. The path is split on
Converts a unicode codepoint to a percent - hex string.
Returns the value of the parameter with the given key or null if the parameter does not exist
Compares two griddefrecords for equality. Returns true if they are the same and false otherwise
Reads the input stream and processes each byte in the buffer. The input stream must be closed
Process the input stream into the buffer and return the position of the next match in the buffer
Removes the quotes from a string if they appear in the beginning and end of the string.
Mark all variables in the given stack as having been pushed onto the stack. This is useful
Writes a NetCDF file to the specified location in the editor.
Get the value from the thredds config or return the default value if not found
Returns a string representation of the table. The table is indented according to the number of columns
Create a new stationhelper instance.
Returns true if the stringbuilder is valid. Otherwise returns false. The stringbuilder is not
Returns the azimuth of the message. The message type must be SC or CINRAD.
Returns the elevation of the message.
Returns an array of the latitude values of the rays in the ring.
Returns an array of the longitude values of the rays.
Returns an array of the altitude of the rays in the mesh.
Returns an array of the azimuth of each ray in the system. The first element in the
Returns an array of the elevations of all the myryibs in the mesh.
Returns a new structure containing only the members of this structure that match the given membernames.
Returns a new structure with only the members of this structure that match the given variable name.
Adds a new member variable to this structure. The new variable is added to this structure.
Sets the list of member variables. The list must not be immutable and must not be modified
Sets the parent group of this variable and all of its members.
Calculates the total size of all the elements in the table.
Read a structure from the file.
Read an arraystructure from the file and return it as an arraystructure object.
Get the data category name for the given category. If the category does not exist in the
Returns the class name without the package name. This is the class name without the package name
Adds a parameter to the list of parameters to be parsed.
Returns the header as a string.
return the bounding box of the latlontoprojbb of the given rectangle.
Returns the version number of the given conversion name or - 1 if there is no such conversion
Returns the zispositive value for the given zaxisname and vertcoordunits.
Set the colorscale parameters.
Render the planview to the specified graphics context.
Returns true if this h5group is a direct child of the other h5group.
Returns the messagetype for the given name. Returns null if the name is null.
Installs all the columns in the given table in the given alignment.
Set the API key and secret for the API call.
Creates a new label with the given value.
Creates a new label with the given lines and the given justification.
Creates a label with the given HTML value.
Connects to a remote host using the specified properties.
listiptypes - returns a list of strings for the given cloudsqliptypes
Establish a connection to a MySQL server using the given properties and logintimeout.
Purges a logger from the list of loggers. This method is called when a logger is
Compile the given sourcecode into a class.
Adds a sourcecode for the given class name to the list of sourcecodes to be compiled
Read the graphiccontrolext.
Get the next frame in the bitmap.
selectablepersons property.
Initialize the listchangeener that will be called when the list is changed.
Returns the person with the given id or null if no person with the given id exists.
Adds a validation message to the map of messages for a given validator.
Sets the person id of the person in the database. The person must have the same gender
Create a viewmodeltype for the given view.
Load the countries from the ISO 3166 resource.
Creates a new instance of a Java view step.
Factory method for creating a new FXML view instance.
Removes all listeners from the map and invokes the consumer for each observable in the map.
Creates the event listeners for the index of the selected item. This method is called when the
Access a member with a privileged action. The member will be set to true if the
Load a view from the FXML file and return a tuple of the view type and the
Query for a stylemappingrow by its related id. If no stylemappingrow is found
Get the pixel value of the pixel at the specified location in the imagebytes.
Get the pixel values from a PNG image.
Validates that the image type is the same as the number of channels and bitdepth.
Creates a new coveragedatapngimage with the specified tile width and height.
Set the tile data from a bitmap. The format and quality parameters are the same as the
Executes a raw query with the given arguments.
Wrapper for rawquery that returns a cursorresult. This is useful when you want to use
Query the database with the query from the previous result. If the previous result is null then
Query the database for the given userquery. If the userquery is null then the query
Convert cursor to tresult and set the query and table if it is not null.
Get the featurerow for the given geometryindex.
Registerts a database table with a cursorwrapper object.
Retrieve the tiledow at the given coordinates and zoom level.
Retorna o coveragedata do geopackage.
Get the coveragedata for the given package and tiledao.
Get the coveragedata for the given geopackage and tiledao and projection.
Get the results of a coveragedataatilematrix request.
Get the coveragedatatilematrixresults for the given bounding box tilematrix and overlappingpixels
Get the coveragedatatilematrixresults for a tile in a given zoom level.
Get the coveragedatatilematrixresults for a zoom level above the min zoom level.
Get the tile matrix from the coveragedatarequest.
Get the value of the pixel at the specified location in this tile.
Sets the icon for a geometry type. If the geometry type is null the default icon is
Get the icon for a geometry type.
Open or get the bindings database. This method is thread - safe and will only be called
Converts a byte array into a bitmap.
Compress the given bitmap to a byte array using the given compression format and quality.
Create a new record in the database.
Delete the table with the given geopackageid and table name. Returns true if the
Get or create a tablemetadata object from a geopackage and table name.
Get the id of a geopackagemetadata object in a given geopackage
Creates the tablemetadata object from the current cursor position.
Creates a new extension if it doesn t already exist. If the extension already exists it will
Get the featurerow for the current row of the tree.
Execute a raw query and return a cursor object that can be used to fetch the results.
Query the usercustomcursor with a bounding box projection. The bounding box must be in the
Query the usercustomcursor for the given geometry envelope. The cursor will return a usercustom
Count the number of points in the given envelope.
Query for objects within the specified rectangle.
Build a where clause from the given x and y bounds.
Query for features in the given bounding box using the specified projection. The bounding box must be
Count the number of points in the bounding box.
Query for features in the given geometry envelope.
Query for feature ids that intersect the specified bounding box. The query will return a list of
Count the number of objects within the given rectangle.
Set the data of the bitmap to the specified format.
Set the data of the bitmap in the specified format and quality. The format and quality parameters
Sets the bitmap compression configuration.
Returns the number of tiles in the map.
Adjusts the bounding box according to the current zoom level and the bounding box zoom level.
Adjusts the google bounds based on the current state of the map.
Adjusts the bounding box of a geopackage for swgs84.
Adjust the geopackage bounds based on the requestwebmercatorboundingbox and
Get the bounding box of the tile at the given zoom level.
Get the tilegrid for the given zoom level.
Query for the tilerow for the tile at the specified location and zoom level.
Get a tilecursor in ascending order for the tile at the given zoom level.
Returns the zoomlevel closest to the given length.
Returns the approximate zoom level for the given length.
Get the tile grid for a given zoom level.
Delete a tile from the specified tile tile tile tile column and tile row in the specified zoom
Count the number of tiles at a given zoom level.
Returns true if the file is a GOOGLETLES file false otherwise.
Get the value of the pixel at the specified location in the given image bytes.
Get the values of all pixels in the given image bytes.
Checks that the imagetype of a directory is correct. If not an exception is thrown.
Creates a coveragedatatiffimage with the specified tile width and height.
Sets the value of the first pixel in the given image at the given coordinates.
Get or open a geopackage with the given name. If no package with the given
Get the current row of the table. If there is no current row null is returned.
movetonextinvalid is called when the next character in the stream is invalid.
query by base feature id
delete by base id and geometry type
Get a rectangle from a bounding box and a bounding box section.
Get a rounded floating - point rectangle from the given width and height and the given bounding box
Returns a list of database names that do not exist in the given list of databases.
Create and close the geopackage connection.
Returns true if the database is valid or false if it is not.
Validates the database and closes the connection on error. This method is called when the connection is
validates the database and closes the connection if it is closed.
Validates the database header and integrity and closes the database if the validation fails or if the connection
Checks if the database header is valid. If not an exception is thrown.
Checks to see if the database header is valid. This is done by reading the database header
Adds the internal databases to the given collection.
Add the addexternal databases to the list of databases to be addexternal.
Import a geopackage into the specified database. If override is true the database will be
Get the geopackagemetadata for the given database.
Get the metadata at the specified external path.
Create a new record in the metadata table.
Populate a geometry metadata object with the data from the given envelope.
Delete the geometry with the given id from the geometry metadata table.
Creates or updates a geometry if it doesn t already exist. If it already exists it will
Update a geometrymetadata object in the database. If the object does not exist it will create
Count the number of objects in the specified geopackage in the specified table.
Read the geometrymetadata from the cursor.
Update the row in the table with the given values where whereclause and whereargs.
Draw a tile with the given width and height with the given text.
Get a list of simpleattributesrows for a list of ids.
Checks if the current cursor is a valid string. If so closes the cursor and returns it
Get a usermappingdao for the given table name.
Get the SimpleAttributes DAO for the given table name.
Get the mappings for the given extended relation and base id.
Returns a list of mappings for the given extended relation and related id.
Returns true if there is a mapping for the given baseid and relatedid.
Count the number of records in the cursor.
Register a cursorwrapper for the table in the given geopackage. The cursorwrapper will
Create a new usercustomdao from a geopackage and a table name.
Get the tile at the given bounding box. The bounding box is assumed to be within the
Draw a single tile.
Reproject a tile to the requested tile width and height using the bounding box of the tile
Retrieve the tileresults for the given bounding box and tile matrix.
Calculates the raw overlap of this shape based on the density of the shape and the size of
Sets the density of the line paint and the polygon paint. The density will be multiplied by
Sets the paint object to use when drawing the line. The paint object must not be null
Set the paint object to use to paint the polygon.
Draw a tile and return the tile data as a byte array.
Draw a tile at the specified location and zoom level and return the result as a bitmap.
Draw a tile query index.
Query the number of features at a given location and zoom level.
Query the number of indexed features within the bounding box.
Query the feature index results for the specified location and zoom level. The returned featureindexresults
Query the feature index results for a set of features within the webmercator bounding box
Draw a tilequeryall bitmap at the specified tile coordinates and zoom level.
Returns a list of points that are simplifypoints within a given simplify tolerance.
Returns the point paint for the given featurestyle or null if the featurestyle is not a
Get the line paint for the given featurestyle.
Get the polygon paint for the given featurestyle. If the paint is null the default paint
Returns the paint object to use for the fill polygon or null if the featurestyle is null
Get the paint object for a featurestyle.
Get the paint object for the given style and drawtype. If the object does not exist
Get the paint for the given stylerow and featuredrawtype.
Get the paint associated with the specified style id and draw type. If no paint is associated
Puts a bitmap for the given iconrow. If the iconrow does not exist it will
Create a contentvalues object from a quotewrap.
Creates a bitmap from the layered bitmap and the canvas associated with the layered canvas.
Recycle all the bitmaps. This is called when the bitmaps are no longer needed
Get the bitmap for a given layer. Create it if it doesn t exist.
Get the bitmap and canvas for a given layer. Create it if it doesn t exist.
Creates the bitmap and canvas for the specified layer.
Returns a stylemappingdao for the given table prefix and featuretable. If the table
Get the styledao for this table. If the table does not exist return null.
Get the icon dao for the icontable table.
Get the featurestyles for a featuretable.
Get the tablestyles for a featuretable.
Get the tablestyle for the given featuretable and geometrytype.
Get the icons for a featuretable.
Get the table icon for a given featuretable and geometrytype.
Get the featurestyles for a given featurerow.
Get the featurestyles for the given featureid. If there are no styles or icons for
Get the styles for a given featurerow.
Get the icons for a given featurerow.
Get the styles for the given featureid.
Get the icons for a featureid.
Sets the featurestyles for the specified featuretable. If the featurestyles is null the feature
Set the styles for a featuretable.
Set the icons for a featuretable.
Set the featurestyles for a given featurerow.
Set the featurestyles for the given featureid. If the featurestyles is null then delete
Set the styles for a given featurerow.
Set the styles for a feature.
Set the style for a feature. The feature type must be the same as the geometry type
Set the default style for a given feature.
Set the default style for the given featureid in the given featuretable.
Sets the icons for a given featurerow.
Set the icons for a feature.
Set the icon for the given featurerow. The featurerow must be a geometry
Sets the default icon for the given featurerow.
Set the default icon for the specified featuretable featureid and iconrow.
Get or insert a style into the database or create it if it doesn t already exist.
Get or insert an icon in the database or create a new one if it doesn t exist
Insert a new stylemapping row into the stylemappingdao.
Delete the style mapping for a featuretable and geometrytype.
Delete the icon for a featuretable and geometrytype
Delete all style mappings for a featuretable from a stylemappingdao.
Delete the style mapping for a featuretable and geometrytype.
Delete the mapping for the given featureid and geometrytype from the stylemappingdao.
Get a list of all style ids for a featuretable.
Returns a list of all icon ids for the given featuretable.
Returns a list of all style ids for the given featuretable.
Returns a list of all icon ids for the given featuretable.
Get the image bytes from the outputstream or null if none is set.
Flush the output stream.
Returns the value of the pixel at the specified location in the image. If the image is
Reads the pixels from the image file and stores them in the pixel array.
Draw a feature tile if it intersects with the tile bounding box. If the tile intersects with
Draw a line path on the feature tile canvas.
Draw a polygon path.
Adds a linestring to the path.
Adds a polygon to the path.
Get the feature cache for the given table creating it if it doesn t exist.
Remove a featurerow from the database.
Clear all feature caches and resize the size of the cache to the given maximum size.
Returns the cached feature styles or null if there is no cached feature styles.
Get the list of cached feature styles icons. If the list is empty return an empty list
Retorna o rtreeindextabledao a partir de la featuredao
Sets the width of the column.
Sets the height of the image.
Returns the width and height of the bitmap. If the width or height are null this method
Calculate the tiledensity of a tile given its density and tile width and tile height.
Read a blob value from the database and store it in the userrow and column.
Read a usercustomtable from a geopackage database.
Returns the current color or a default color if none is set.
Checks if the color is valid. If not a geopackageexception will be thrown.
Creates a color object from the given hex color and opacity.
Returns a new instance of the geopackagemanager. The context class loader is
Set the progress of the geopackage. This is called when the geopackage is
Returns the number of features in the given list of types or - 1 if there are no
Index a featurerow with a list of feature index types.
Delete the feature index for the given types.
Delete the feature index for the given row and the given list of feature index types.
Delete the feature index for the given geometry id and feature index types.
Delete a feature index of the specified type and geometry id. The type can be either a
Returns true if the feature location is indexed.
Returns a list of indexed featuretypes.
Query for all features in the index.
Returns the number of features in the index.
Get the bounding box of the feature table index.
Query the feature index for a bounding box and a projection. The query is performed on the
Get the type of the indexed feature.
Returns the internal file object for the given filepath or null if the filepath is null.
Get the absolute path of the file in the given context relative to the current working directory.
Get the geometrytype of this object.
Sets the value of the geometrytype column.
Returns true if the given URL has a boundbox and false if it does not.
Replaces the x and y coordinates in the URL with the corresponding x and y values in the
Returns true if the given url has a valid xyz.
Replace the bounding box in the given URL with the coordinates of the tile at the given coordinates
Replace the bounding box in the url with the values from the supplied boundingbox object.
Get the value of the GEOMETRY column as a GeoPackageGeometrydata object.
Returns true if the row should be indexed or false if the row should not be indexed.
Updatelastindexed update the tablemetadatadatasource for the given ge
Delete the index of the featuredao from the database.
Delete the index for the given geometry id.
Returns true if the feature has been indexed.
Query the database for the geometry data.
Query the database for the geometry data for the given bounding box. The query will return a
Returns the number of features in the featuredao that match the given bounding box.
Query the database for the geometry data in the given geometry envelope.
Returns the number of features in the featuredao that match the geometryenvelope.
Query the bounding box and return the cursor. The bounding box is assumed to be in the
Count the number of points in the bounding box.
Get the bounding box for the featuredao. The bounding box is transformed according to the
Get the geometrymetadata for the cursor.
Get the featurerow of the cursor.
Get the featurerow for the given geometry.
Get the tiledaos for a featuretable.
Get a list of featuredaos for a tiletable.
Get the bounding box for the given geopackage and featuretiles. If no bounding box
Query the records in the table that have the baseid and relatedid equal to relatedid
Returns a list of column base IDs that are unique across all columns in the user mapping table
Returns a list of all unique ids in the user mapping table.
Delete records by base id.
Delete all records with the given related id from the database. The related id must be unique
Delete all records from the table that have the base id and related id equal to relatedid
Builds the where clause for the given base and related ids.
Create a new metadata record in the database.
Delete a database from the metadata table. If the database does not exist it will be created
Renames a geopackagemetadata object to a new name.
Renames the metadata column with the given name to the given newname. Returns true if the
Get all metadata from the geopackagemetadata table.
Get the geopackagemetadata for the given database.
Get the metadata for a given id.
Get or create a geopackagemetadata object for the given geopackage name
Returns true if the given database is an isexternal database.
Get the external metadata for a given path.
Returns a list of the column names that match the given like expression. The order of the
Get a list of metadata where the column is not like or like the column is like.
Get a list of the names of the metadata columns where the column name matches the given like
Creates a new geopackagemetadata object from the current cursor position.
This method is called when a view is created. This method is called by the view creation
Adds a parallax view to the viewgroup if the view is a viewgroup.
This method is called when a view is created. It is called when a view is created
Create a custom view with the given name context and attributes. This method is called by the
Append an iloggingevent to a cyclic buffer.
Find the logback config file from system properties. If the file does not exist or is
Get a resource from the classloader. If updatestatus is true update the resource status
Autoconfigures the joran context. This method is called when the jor
Status on resourcesearch.
Convert a socketaddress to a string.
Creates a new executor service with the default pool size max_pool_size time unit and
Start a converter from the head converter to the end of the converter chain. The converter chain
Subappends the given event to the end of the list. This method is called when
Add a substitution property.
Returns the value of the specified property. If the property is not found in the propertiesmap
Compiles the given top node into a converter using the given convertermap. The convertermap is
t returns the next token and returns it as a literal or percent token if there is no
Returns a regular expression for the given fixed date.
This method is called when an interpretation starts. It is called when an interpretation starts
Called at the end of an interpretation. This is called when the interpretation ends.
Initializes this object with the given logger context and key. If the key is null then the
Creates a contextselector object from the given string using the given default logger context.
This method is called to setup the properties of the logger. This method is called by the
Returns the absolute path to the external storaged directory. If the media is mounted or
Get the database directory path.
Returns the absolute path of the given file name.
Returns true if the log level of the logging event is less than or equal to the error
Returns the discriminating value for the given logging event.
Update the mask only if the time elapsed since the last update is greater than or equal to
Get the filter chain decision for the given event.
Create the keymanagers from the keystore. If no keystore is available return null. If no
Create the trust managers from the truststore. If no truststore is configured return null.
Creates a keystore factory bean from system properties.
Get the location from the system property. If the location does not start with the string str
Returns a URL for the given location. If the location points to a file in the classpath
Returns true if the head converter is a chainhandlesthrowable converter.
Stops the current hook context.
Print in case of errors or warnings.
Prints the status of the given context if it has an error level. If the context has
Prints the status of the given context to the standard output. If the status manager is null
Get the entry from the livemap or the lingerersmap.
Mark the end of life of a key. If the key is not in the liv
Returns the formatinfo object for the given string.
Renames the source file to the target file. If the target file does not exist it
Return true if srcfile and targetfile are on the same volume as targetfile.
Returns the value of the specified environment variable or null if the variable is not set.
Returns the value of a system property or null if the property is not set.
Set the map of property names to values. The key is the property name and the value
Returns a string representation of the mdcpropertymap for all keys in mdcpropertymap
Extract a stack trace element from a throwable. This method is used to extract the stack trace
Returns true if currentclass is in the list of frameworkpackagelist.
Adds a new status to the list of statuses.
Adds a status listener to the list. If the listener already exists it will not be added
Returns a list of implicit actions that can be performed on the given elementpath and attributes.
Returns a list of applicable actions for the given elementpath and attributes.
Set the classloader to use for this class.
Get a system property as a string. If the system property is not set the default value
Decapitalizes the given name. If the given name is null or empty it returns
Returns an array of method descriptors for the given class. The method descriptors are ordered by their
Returns an array of property descriptors for the given class including getters and setters.
This method is called at the beginning of the process. It is called at the beginning of
Adds a new onconsolelistener instance to the context s status manager.
End the interpretation of a property. If the property is not a definer warn the
Returns the discriminating value for the given logging event. If no discriminating value
Returns true if the given logging event is discardable.
Initialize the shutdown hook and push it onto the interpretation context.
Called at the end of an interpretation. This method is called when the interpretation ends
Returns the list of supported protocols or the list of default protocols if none is provided.
Returns the list of enabled CIPHersuites. If the list is null returns
Returns a copy of the defaults with the strings specified in the included and excluded strings removed.
Convert a string to a scope.
Sets the properties in the given interpretation context and system properties in the given scope.
Adds a new appender to the end of the list. If the list is empty the new
Detach an appender from the list of appenders. If the appender is null nothing is done
Removes the appender with the given name from the list of appenders.
Handle the parentlevelchange event. This is called when a new parentlevelint is added
Calls the appenders of this logger and all its parents.
Detaches an appender from this instance.
Create a new child logger with the given lastpart. The lastpart must be the last
Call turbofilters.
Log a slf4j event.
Creates a socket and waits for it to be created. If the thread is interrupted this method
Creates missing parent directories for the given file if they do not already exist.
Get the integer representation of the level.
Convert an integer value to a log level.
Returns a set of URLs that represent the occurrences of the given resource in the given classloader.
Returns the URL of the given resource in the given classloader. If the resource cannot be found
Get the class loader of the given object.
Get the class loader as privileged if the user has get_class_loader_permission
Get the class loader of the given class. If the class is not available the system classloader
This method is called at the beginning of the process. It checks if the encoder has been
Returns the tag of the logging event as a string.
This method is called at the beginning of an interpretation. It is called at the beginning
Returns the index of the first occurrence of a separator in the given name starting from the given
Returns true if the event matches any of the markers in the markerlist otherwise returns false.
Returns the client thread name for the given socket.
Check if two files are on the same file system.
Append an event to the buffer. If the buffer is full the event is added to the
This method is called when a cyclic buffer is ready to be sent to the client. It
Adds a mdc value level pair to the valuelevelmap. If the value already
Create a converter from a simple keyword node. If the keyword is not found an error is
Create a compositeconverter instance.
determines the compression mode based on the filenamepatternstr. If the filenamepatternstr
Open a connection to the given URL. This method is intended to be called by the J
This method is called when a file is read from the file system. This method is called
Parse the given inputstream. The inputstream will be closed after this method returns.
Builds the interpreter. This method is called when the interpreter needs to be built. The interpreter
Doconfigure the input source. This method is called when the input source is opened.
The doconfigure method is called when the parser is started. This method builds the interpreter
Get the value of a property. If the key is the context_name_key then
Sets the name of the connection.
Returns true if the given context has a status listener.
Returns the time of the last reset. Returns - 1 if there is no last reset.
Starts parsing the pattern and compiling it. If an error occurs it is added to the
Get the effecteconvertermap. The effecteconvertermap is a hashmap that maps
Returns the header of the file. The header is the title of the file and the CSS
Returns the file footer as a string. The file footer consists of a line separator followed by
This method is called when an interpretation starts. It is called when an interpretation starts
End an interpretation. This method is called at the end of an interpretation. It
Returns a copy of the client list.
Adds a client to the list of clients. This method is thread - safe.
Removes a client from the list of clients.
Returns a copy of the current context map or null if there is no current context map.
Get the value of method of the given class.
This method is called when the turbofilterchaindecision event is received.
Returns true if the operating system is Android OS.
Initializes the logger with the default logger context. The default logger context is used to initialize the
Returns an array of files in the given file that match the given stemregex.
Print a list of statuses that are older than the specified threshold.
Get the database file. If the filename is null or if it is a directory return the
Clean up logs that have not expired since the last time the last logcleaner was called
Returns true if the lastcleanuptime has passed since the lastcleanuptime.
Subappend a logging event to the insert statement.
Append an iloggingevent to the secondary sub - list. This method is called when a
Binds a logging event to the given SQL statement.
Returns the object as a string truncated to 254 characters. If the object is null returns the
Computes the reference mask for the given logging event. This mask is used to determine if the
Merge all property maps into a single map. This method is used to merge all property maps
Insert an exception into the database.
Returns the length of the prefix match of the given path. If p is null returns 0
Returns the current effectivelevel. This method returns the highest effectivelevel of
Returns true if the given class is an interface and false otherwise.
Returns the child value of the given parent map or null if the parent map is null.
Process the include statement for the given URL. This method will open the URL as an input
Open a URL as an input stream. If the URL fails to open the stream null is
This method trims the head and tail of the list of saxevents from the recorder.
Returns true if the server should be started or false if it should be stopped.
Returns true if this exception is transient false if it is a server error.
Sets the read and write hosts based on the input string.
Create a local index if it doesn t already exist. This is done by creating a local
Syncs the data source with the server. This method is called when the data source is
Syncs the database if necessary. This method should only be called if the last sync time
Waits for the specified task to complete or until the timeout is reached or the timeout is reached
List the indexes of all offlinedata in the app directory.
Convert the inputstream to an array of characters. The inputstream is closed after this method
Convert an inputstream to a byte array.
Consume quietly from the input and error streams of the given httpurlconnection.
Returns a list of hosts that are up or can be retried. If the list is empty
Sets the type of the placesquery.
Starts the browse operation. This method must be called before any other calls to this method.
Puts a new value into the cache. If the key already exists it will be replaced.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if no value is associated with the key
Waits for all threads to complete. If any of the threads throws an exception it will be
Report a throwable to the logger. The throwable will be written to a temporary file in the
Copies all files and directories from src to target. If target is a directory it will be
Initializes the simulator properties from the given file.
Returns the value of a static field of the given class.
Returns the method with the given name in the given class or null if not found.
Format a value as a percentage. The value is rounded to one hundred if necessary
Formats a double with the specified number of characters padded to the specified number of characters.
Formats a long to a string with the specified number of characters padded to the specified number of
Writes a JSON string to the output stream.
Write an integer to the JSON stream.
Write a double to the JSON stream.
Reads a string of JSON numeric characters from the current position until the end of the stream is
Reads an integer from the JSON stream.
Reads a double value from the JSON stream.
Reads a base64 encoded string from the input stream.
Execute the given methodcall.
Sends an invokerequest to the server. This method is called when a method call is
Enqueue a method call to be executed in the queue. If the queue is full the method
Returns the resource at the given location in the current workspace.
Update the guvnor decorator.
Refresh the repository view.
Get the resource history view.
Opens an editor with the given contents and name.
Reports an authentication failure to the user. This method is called when the user fails to authenticate
Prompts the user for authentication on the specified server.
Creates the default page. The default page is a link to the list of items in the
Start the animation thread. This method will block until the animation thread is active or until the
Sets whether or not the keepallalive flag should be set for this node.
Sets whether or not this element is a direct child of the current node.
Sets the owner of this element.
Adds a new condition factor to the list of allowed condition factors. If a factor is already
Creates a new conditionterm object from a streamtokenizer. The streamtokenizer must be
Returns true if this term matches the given term. If the term does not contain any of
Get the content of a DSL configuration file.
Load the DSL configuration from an input stream. The input stream will be closed after this method
Read the grammar from the given input stream.
Creates a new menu with the project wizard and the DTM wizards added to it.
Adds a response body element to the response body.
Add an href to this node. The href must be a valid URL. If the href
Inserts a new href before the given refhref. If the newhref already exists it is
Remove the specified href from this element.
Add a propstat entry to the propstat tree.
Get the href attribute of the first element in the XML document.
Get the status of the element.
Returns the stack frame associated with the given value or null if no stack frame is associated with
Returns true if class1 is a subtype of class2 ; false otherwise.
Returns true if the given newproposal is contained in the given proposals.
Resets the input stream to the beginning of the input stream.
Create the actions for the content assist proposals and context information.
Adds a connection to this node.
Returns the value of the specified property. If the property does not exist null is returned.
Removes the specified connection from this connection manager.
Sets the location of the line.
Sets the value of the specified property.
Sets the size of the chart.
Dumps a constraint array to a string.
Add a new lockentry to the tree.
Adds a new child vertex to this vertex.
Remove a child vertex from this node.
This method is called when the bundle is started. This method is called when the bundle is
This method is called by the OSGi framework when it is stopped. This method is
Get a string from the resource bundle. If the key is not found return the key.
Get the resource bundle for this resource. If the resource bundle is not available return null.
Get the formcolors for this rule builder.
Sets the current date to the given date string. The date string must be in the format
Set the date from the given string using the given pattern. If the pattern does not match
Create a new error status with the given message and throwable.
Log an error message and a throwable to the default log.
Adds a field to the editor. This method is called when the field is added to the
Adjusts the grid layout. This method is called when the grid layout has been changed.
Apply the font to the fields of this object. This method is called when the font is
Calculates the number of columns in the table based on the number of fields in the table.
Initialize the page.
Fire a propertychangeevent to all registered listeners.
Set the active editor for this combiner. This is called when the combiner is opened
Add the zoom combocontribution toolbar to the toolbarmanager.
Determine the dialect based on the backtext. If the backtext does not contain a dialect
Creates a new instance of an icontext with the given usercontext and locator.
Saves the current file to the output file. The output file will be the same as the
Create the list of listeners that will be notified when a new listener is added to the list
Adds the given value to the given URL. If the value already exists it is overwritten.
Put a value into the cache.
Add a token to the end of the token list.
Adds a child node to this node. If the child already exists it will be replaced.
Sets the file and the offset and length of this buffer.
Adds a condition to the list of conditions that should be performed on the WebDAV connection.
Adds a statetoken condition to the request.
Returns true if this condition matches the given condition or false if this condition does not.
Get the first child of this element that is a property.
Returns the status of the element as a string. If the element does not have a status
Set the properties of this node.
Returns the last line of the given backtext or null if there is no last line.
Returns the last nondashline in the given backtext or null if there is no
Binds the given id to the given binding.
Creates a new binding with the given id and two bindings. The first binding is the first
Binds the given id to the given bindings. If the id is null returns the empty string
Creates a new process with the given exampletype. If the exampletype is a
Creates a compilation unit for a sample of the given type. The compilation unit is created in
Returns the runtime id of the application.
Visits all nodes in a given rete. The rootvertex is added to the graph and
Visits the given node.
Returns the dot - id of the given object as a hex - encoded hex - encoded string
Add and remove the property.
Add a new set to this node.
Creates a new locator for the given resourceurl and label. This method is intended to be
Returns a presentationreconciler for the given sourceviewer. This reconciler is used to
Returns true if this status is the same as the given status object.
Returns true if this set contains the given conditionterm false otherwise.
Creates a condition factor from a streamtokenizer. The streamtokenizer must be at the
Add the pages to the page editor and the page reteviewer.
Sends a HTTP DELETE request to the server and returns the response as a string.
Sends a POST request to the server and returns the response as a string. If the response
Get the status of a job.
Execute the progress monitor and store the results in the results buffer. If the progress monitor is
Handle the results of a pull operation.
Sets the value at the given index to the given string value.
Adds an activelock to the tree.
Filter the list of icompletionproposal items that start with the given prefix.
Read the prefix of the document backwards from the given offset in the given document.
Calculates the rowlist for a given root node. The rowlist is a list of nodes
Returns the editpart for the given modelelement or null if the modelelement is not a
Get the imagedescriptor for the given path.
Adds an image to the declareregistry. If the image already exists it will be
Adds a vertex to the graph at a given depth. The vertex will be added to the
Returns the index of the given vertex in the table.
Returns the maximum width of all the rows in the table.
Dumps the vertices of the matrix to the System. err. This is useful for debugging.
Optimize the table.
Initialize the graphical viewer.
Draw the connection graph. This method is called when a new graph is created. This method
Returns the droolslinebreakpoint for the specified source or null if it is not found
Set the href of this node.
Returns true if the connection can be made to the DAV service. This method returns false
Copy a set of properties from one ilocator to another. If overwrite is set to true
examinemultistatusresponse is a helper method to examine the response from
Extract the property statistics from the given multistatus object.
Get the content of the element.
Returns an enumeration of the active locks on the server.
Get the value of the property with the given qualified name. If the property does not exist
Get the current context. This is the first call to davclient. head.
Create a new lock token for the given owner and depth. If the owner is not shared
Move the properties from one location to another. If names is null then all properties are moved
Implementation of the checkin method. This method is overridden so that it can be overridden by
Refreshes the lock with the given locktoken. If the lock is already held by the
Remove a set of properties from the DAV object.
Remove the property with the given qualified name.
Sets the content type of the resource to the specified content type. The content type can be
Sets the properties of this object.
Sets the properties of this element.
Unlocks the lock with the given token. If the lock does not exist it will be
Update an ilocator with a new version.
Sends a versioncontrol request to the DAV server.
Delete the resource. If mustexist is true the resource must exist. If mustexist is
Examines an HTTP status code and throws an exception if the code is not valid.
Returns true if the given property has a child with the given qualified name.
Writes the request body to the given outputstream. If the request body writer is null then
Convert a byte array to a hex string.
Convert an array of integers to a hex string.
Sets whether or not this element is a child of the first child of the current node.
Sets whether or not this node s properties are the same as the property name of this node
Sets the property of this node to the value of this node s property. The property is
Returns the substring after the first whitespace character in prefix. If there is no whitespace in prefix
Update the tree viewer with the current state of the tree viewer.
Writes the contents of this stream to the given outputstream. The outputstream will be closed
This method is called when the debugger stepover. It is called when the debugger stepover
Adds the parse errors to the list of markers. This method is called by the parser when
Skip whitespace characters from the current position in the input string.
Add a source file to a target location. If the file already exists in the target location
Commit changes to the selected file.
Returns the age of the user. If the user does not have a age it returns -
Returns the content length of the message in bytes or - 1 if there is no content length
Returns the maximum number of forwards in the range [ 0 max_forwards ).
Returns true if the file should be overwritten or false if the file should be overwritten.
Returns true if the value of passthrough is true. If the value of passthrough is
Returns the current timeout in seconds or - 1 if there is no timeout in seconds.
Sets the value of a property. If the value is null or empty the property is removed
Sets the value of the timeout field. If the value is - 1 the timeout field is
Open a file and return a bufferedreader. If the file cannot be opened null is returned
Parse the file and add the entries to the file.
Get the object metadata from the given text.
Strips the objmetadata from the given text. If the given text does not start with
Add the given tokens to the given root node. The tokens are added to the root node
Returns the children of the condition with the given text. If the text is longer than the
Returns the children of the given object and text. If the object is a prefix of the
Add the children of n to the list. If n has more children than num_ then
Prints the tree of the condition tree to the standard output. This is useful for debugging.
Prints a node to the standard output.
Prints the specified number of tabs to the standard output.
Read a JSON value from the given text.
Returns the imagedescriptor for the given id. If no descriptor exists for the given id
Invoke the request and return the response. This method will open the connection to the server and
Add a field to the request header. The field will be added to the end of the
This method is called when the startpage of the project is being run. It creates the
Creates a new project file or folder depending on the version of the current page.
Create the project file and folder if necessary.
Create the project. java file based on the version of the startpage.
Returns a list of the selected radius of this node. The selected radius is the number of
Create an image from the current display.
Returns the name of the field that this node is mapped to or null if this node is
Returns the evaluation string for this node. If the node has no evaluation string return null.
Get the string representation of this node s field. If the node s constraint is a m
Add the guvnor resource properties to the properties object.
Sets the baseline to the given ilocator. The baseline must be non - null.
Bind the given member to the given source.
Get a member from an ilocator. This method will return null if there is no such
Optimizes the set of vertices. The vertices are sorted by the number of source connections.
Initialize the controls. This method is called when the user opens the dialog. This method is
Checks if the page is valid for the current resource group. If the page is not valid
Generate a unique entitytag for the current thread. The entitytag is unique for the current
Returns the basevertex that is the opposite of this vertex or null if this vertex is the
Validates a list of OTPs against the Yubico server and adds them to the
Check if a user is the right to access the given publicid.
Get the username for a given publicid from a YubiKey file.
Add a YubiKey to a YubiKey file.
Verifies the given OTP against the given username.
Clear all the password stored in the secret list. This is a no - op if the
Get the public id from an OTP. If the OTP is null or less than
Returns true if the given string is a valid OTP format. If the string is null
Creates an evaluation for the given simplenode and source.
Create a new evaluation for the given node with the given source object and setoperation flag.
Clear the cache of all cached methods. This is used to clear the cache of all cached
Returns true if this class is in the JDK 15 environment. If this is the case
Returns the package name of the given object or null if the object is null.
Returns the package name of the given class or null if the class does not have a package
Returns a unique descriptor for the given object. If the object is a proxy it will be
Returns the class of the given argument.
Returns true if classes1 and classes2 are assignable from classes1 and classes2.
Returns the value of the specified property on the specified object. If the property does not exist
Returns a hashmap of all property descriptors for the given target class.
Returns the propertydescriptor with the given name in the given class or null if not found.
Get the readmethod of the given class or null if it doesn t exist.
Reads a single character from the input stream.
The projection is defined as an expression. The projection is defined as a projection of the expression
Select all the values in the table. The values are the values of the columns in the
Returns the long representation of the given value. If the value is null returns num_.
Returns the double representation of the given value. If the value is null returns num_.
Returns the biginteger representation of the given value. If the given value is a number the
Converts the given value to a bigdecimal. If the given value is of the correct type
Convert an object to a string. If the object is null return the null string. If
Returns the numeric type of the given value.
Convert the given value to an object of the given type. If the given value is not
Get an int value from an object. If the object is a number it will be converted
Returns the type of the number between t1 and t2. If t1 and t
Returns the type of the union of two objects. If the two objects are of the same
Creates a new number of the given type with the given value.
Pope the evaluation of the current node. If the current node is the root of the
Generate the value getter method for the given node.
Generate theognlsetter method for the given node and add it to the given class.
Flattens the tree into a new tree with the same class as the current one.
Initializes the iterator with the given node source and setoperation flag.
Returns the next character in the image that should be escaped. The last character will be returned
Set the root of the OGNL context.
Get the value of the given expression in the given context using the given root object as the
Call the given expressionaccessor with the given root object and value.
Sets the value of the given node in the given tree to the given value. The value
Returns true if the expression is a constant. The expression can be a string or an expression
Returns the default watch service id.
Reloads the current application classloader. The current application classloader will be reloaded if necessary.
Get the archiver with the given name. If the archiver does not exist it will
Checks the archiver for any problems that may have been encountered during the archival process.
Reads a string from a file.
Create the ant project.
Adds a system property to the given java object.
Adds a system property to the given java object.
Called when the user clicks on a change in a directory.
Refresh the button state. This method is called when the user changes the state of the button
Create a new fileobserver for the given path.
Called when the user selects a folder or cancels the chooser.
Creates a new folder if it doesn t already exist.
Returns true if the given file is a directory and is readable and can write to it.
Start a background job that will be run in a background thread. This method will be called
Handles the start of a list. This method is called when the start of a list is
Mark the end of a list. If orderedlist is true mark the end of the list
Called when the user clicks on an edge. This method is called when the user grows
Returns the top right and bottom rectangle of this rectangle.
computes the layout of the map and returns it as a rect object.
Register a new rtedittext listener and a new rtaudio media factory.
Add a span watcher to the spannable. This is called when the span watcher is
This method is called when the user clicks on the spinner. It is called when the user
This method is called when the user clicks on the item at the specified position in the list
Convert the text into an RT image or RT video. The text is converted to the specified
Checks whether the given text is within a paragraph.
Creates a new file in targetfolder with the same mimetype as originalfile. If keeporiginal
Determines the original file from the given URI.
Returns the namespace of the given name. If the given name starts with the namespace of the
Returns the local name from the given name.
Set an attribute. If the attribute already exists it will be replaced with the new value.
Sets an attribute of the given name and type to the given value.
Get the font name of the given file.
Get the font name for the given file. If the file does not exist null is returned
Check if we need to add a new buffer to the end of the buffer list.
Writes a portion of a byte array to the output buffer.
Writes a single byte to the output buffer.
Writes data from the inputstream to the output stream.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given outputstream.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array. If the buffer is full the contents
Sets the font size.
Replace windows and unix separators with unix separators.
Recomputes the focus state of all highlightviews.
Make sure that the highlight view is visible.
Center the image based on the given highlightview.
Reset the document locator to its initial state.
Validates the given string against the set of regular expressions and returns the result as a string.
Add an element type.
Set the value of an attribute of an element.
Set the parent of the child element with the given name. If the child element does not
Returns the elementtype with the given name or null if no such elementtype exists.
Get the entity id for the given entity name.
Removes all paragraphs from the given Rtedittext editor that are not part of the given
Applies the selection to the given editor. This method is called when the user changes the selection
Checks if the given domain is a valid domain name.
This method is called when an operation is executed in the editor. This method is called when
Redo the current operation on the given editor.
Replaces all occurrences of the search string with the replace string in the source string.
Get or create a threadstatus object for the given thread creating it if necessary.
Set the decoding options for the given thread.
Returns true if the given thread can be decompressed.
Decodes a file descriptor into a bitmap using the given options. If the file descriptor cannot be
Returns a sorted set of typeface objects for each font found in the context s assets.
Returns a map of asset font names to their filepaths.
Get a map of all system fonts and their filenames.
Sets up the internal structures. This method is called by the constructor of the class.
Returns a reader for the given inputsource. If the inputsource is not a character stream
Get the inputstream for the given publicid and systemid.
This method is called by the SAX parser when a character sequence is read from the stream.
Returns a copy of the input string with all entities replaced by their real characters.
Look up an entity in the given buffer. If no entity is found return - 1.
Restarts the thesaved stack if it can contain the given element. If e is
Pops the top of the stack. If there are no stack frames then nothing is done
Pop an element from the stack. If restartelements is set the element will be anonym
Returns the prefix of the given name.
Returns true if the given prefix and namespace are the same as the given prefix and namespace.
Removes the number of quotes from the beginning and end of a string. If the number is
Split a string into an array of strings. If the string is empty an empty array is
rectify the given element into a parent element if it doesn t already have one.
OnSaveInstancestate Method called when this object is saved in a Bundle.
Called when the editor is being destroyed. This is called when the editor is no longer needed
This method is called when a mediaevent is received from the main thread. It will insert
This method is called from the main thread. It removes the fragment from the MRTAPI
Get the proper base matrix for the rotation of the bitmap. This is used to calculate the
Returns the maximum zoom level that can be used to draw the bitmap. The maximum zoom is
Returns true if the given text exists in the current selection. If the text does not exist
Given a spannable str and a paragraph find the spans to remove and add them to
Picks a directory from the list of pick_directory_intents.
Rotate the image by the given degree.
Set the output stream writer.
Writes a character to the output stream throwing an exception if an IO exception occurs.
Writes a string to the output stream throwing an exception if an IO exception occurs.
Checks if a boolean attribute is present in the list of booleans. If not it returns false
Write a UTF - 16 encoded string to the output stream.
Write the declared prefixes and escape characters to the output stream. This is done by writing the
Write a qualified name to the output stream.
Create a stream if it does not exist.
Waits until the stream is active or until the timeout is reached or until the stream is inactive
completestoresnapshotwithmissinginstancesnapshots - completestores snapshot with missing instances snapshots
Wait for a few seconds to execute a ShardIteratorExtendedProvisioningRequest. If the delay is
Perform a getrecords request and return a list of records. This method does not wait for
Perform an Amazon API action retrying if necessary.
Try to create an optional object from an action supplier. If the action supplier throws an exception
Checks if a bucket is accessible.
Load all entitystores from the snapshotstore and call the given function with the latest transaction id
Trigger the wildcardexpander.
Replaces all occurrences of oldpattern with newpattern in instring. If instring is null
Delete any characters in instring that are not in charstodelete from instring.
Adds a report to the list of reports to be linted.
Update the properties with the filter configuration.
Get the configuration properties. This method initializes configproperties if it hasn t already been done.
Create an inputstream for the WRO file.
Creates a map of topostprocessors from the given map. The key of the map is
Compiles the given content with the given optionalargument and returns the result as a JavaScript string.
Reloads the cache update period from the current cache update period to the given new value.
Reloads the model with a new value.
Wrap the given request in a servletrequestwrapper.
Returns a transformer that adds the given suffix to the base name of the input file.
This method is called when an error occurs. This method is called when an error occurs.
Sends a redirect to the specified location. The location is assumed to be relative to the servlet
Process a resource. If the resource is a wildcardurilocatorsupport the wildcardstream
Create an expander handler for the given group resource and basenamefolder. If basenamefolder is
Locate an inputstream from the given URI. The inputstream will be closed when done
Creates a new WRO configuration object.
Register the propertychangelisteners to the WroConfiguration.
This method is called when a request is received from the servlet. It sets the response headers
Sets the WRO configuration.
Identify duplicate group names in a collection of groups.
Merge the given wromodel into this model. This method will throw an exception if the
Locate the given URI in the context of the wrapped object or in the decorated object.
applypostprocessors. Processes the given content using the configured postprocessors.
Decorate a resource postprocessor.
Do the doprocessing of the input and output.
Splits an option string into an array of strings.
Load properties from an input stream.
Parse properties from the given propertiesasstring. This method will parse the propertiesasstring into
Create a custom manager factory.
Persists the fingerprints of the resources in the given groupnames to the resource fingerprints
Checks if the target group is a member of the group list.
Extend the plugin classpath. This method is called by the Mojo to extend the plugin classpath
Get the model resource as input stream.
Initialize the manager factory.
Sets the list of transformers to be applied to the model.
Compile the given content with the given name and return the result as a string.
Process the given list of resources and merge the results into a single string.
Process a list of resources and merge them into a single string using the given processing criteria.
Run all the resources in parallel and return the result as a string. The result will be
Process the given resource with the given processing criteria and return the result as a string.
Decorate the given processor with the given processing criteria.
Persists the contents of the string to the fallback storage file. If the fallback storage file
Returns a list of all declared fields of the given object.
Rewrite an image URL from a CSS URI to an image URL using the servlet contexturil
computenewimagelocation - Computenew imagelocation from cssuri and image
Add a model transformer to the factory. The transformer will be called when the wromanager
This method is called when a bundle has been processed. This method is called by the w
Initialize the aggregated folderpath for the given resource type. If the resource type is a CSS
Extract variables from the given variables body.
Parse the given CSS string and return it as a string.
Replaces all variables in the given CSS string with their corresponding values in the given map.
Convert a resourcepostprocessor to a resourcepreprocessor.
Returns true if this filter can be applied to the given resource type. If the filter is
Dogzips the response and writes it to the response.
Adds a pathpatternprocessor to the list of pathpatterns to be processed by the given processor
Creates a new pathpatternprocessordecorator that excludes the given patterns from the given processor.
Creates a new resource change handler with the given manager factory and log.
Remember the given resource in the remembered set. This method is not thread - safe.
Apply the given function to each CSS import in the given resource using the given reader.
Returns a list of the items in the given collection that are not null.
Checks to see if the request is minimized or not.
Finds all the resources that have been imported from the given CSS content.
Computes the absolute url from the given relative URI.
Create a string from an array of strings. The delimiter is appended to each of the items
Get a list of strings from a comma - separated list of alias tokens.
Create a new context with optimization level - num_ in the given initialscope.
Evaluate the given reader with the given sourcename and return the result as an object.
Evaluates the given script and returns the result as a Java object.
This method is called by the IOLoop when the IOLoop is ready to be processed.
Returns true if the given request is a handler request.
Create the path to the request handler for the given cachekey and the given httpservletrequest
Renames the given inputstream into the given group. If the group does not exist it
Computes the destination folder for the given resource type.
Process a group.
Check if a resource needs to be changed for a given group. If the resource needs to
Locates the specified URI in the current context.
Creates a new object pool using the given object factory.
Locate an input stream from the given folder. If the given folder is a JAR file
Open a jar file.
Extract the query path from the given URI.
Returns true if the request is minimized or false if the request is not minimized.
Adds one or more urilocators to the factory.
Decorate the given wromodelfactory with the given modeltransformers.
Adds a require string to the list of required packages.
Process the given content and return the result as a string. If the content is empty returns
Logs a summary of the results.
This method is called when a resource is being processed. It is called when a resource is
Get a read - write lock forked with the given key or create a new one if
Create a process for the given source file.
Parse the properties from the given string.
Returns an array of the current taskinfo. The order of the returned array is the same
Returns the compilation command for the given input. The input is wrapped in a multilines
Parse the given header string and store it in the headers map if it does not already exist
Adds the pragma cache control and expiration headers to the given map.
Get the path info from the given location. The location may be relative to the context path
Get the servlet path from the given location in the given request.
Returns true if the given request matches the given path. If the request does not have a
Load the regexp with the given key from the properties file and return the value as a string
Copy the contents of the reader to the writer. Closes both the reader and the writer
Create a temporary file with the given extension.
Clean image url.
Sets the value of the specified attribute to the specified object. If the attribute does not exist
Returns the generatedatauri for the given inputstream and filename. The inputstream is closed
Writes the generatedatauri to the output stream.
Sets the given context with the given configuration. The context will be added to the context map
Unregisters the current context and removes it from the context map. If the context is not
Check if the group of the given cachekey has changed. If so call the given callback
Invoked when an exception occurs during the execution of the task.
Check if a resource has changed in a group. If so call the callback with the resource
Updates the current hash for the given group name.
hasresourcesoftype.
Creates a process from the source file and the destination file.
Parse a group element.
Creates a group from the given XML element.
Parse the source tag of a resource element and add it to the collection of resources.
Get the resources for the given group name. If the group is not found in the model
Stop a timer with the given name and timeout.
Get an elktimer with the specified name and timeout. The timer is created with the
Get a timer with the given name and flags and thread id. If the timer is already
Prints the current statistics of the application factory to the given logger if debug logging is enabled.
Wake up any currently running workers.
Updates the processedcounters based on the number of processed workers and the number of context mark non
Updates the finished counters based on the current state of the saturation state and the number of jobs
Updates the counter if the current value is smaller than or equal to the given value.
The default implementation of the visitor. It logs a message at the TRACE level if enabled.
Inertintotaxonomy. This method checks if the given property is equivalent to the
This method is called when the input stream is ready to be read. If the input stream
Restores the state of the state machine. This method is called when the state machine is
Returns true if the current state of the state machine is consistent with the current state of the
Restore the taxonomy to its original state.
Restore the instancetaxonomy from the previous state.
Returns a proof of the entailment inference of this node. If atmostone is
This method is called before the task is executed. This method is called before the task is
Invalidates this reasoner stage and all its substages. The reasoner stage is
Returns the list of individuals to add to the taxonomy. If there are no individuals in the
Returns the set of individuals that need to be moved to a new taxonomy. This method is
Creates an unsupported operation exception.
Removes the element at the given position from the given array.
Removes the element at the given position from the list of keys and values at the given position
Get the position of a moved element in an array of elements. The position is relative to
Returns true if the given object is contained in the given array or false if it is not
Adds an element to the end of the array if it is not already there.
Throws an exception if negativeoccurrenceno < positiveoccurrenceno.
Adds the given timer to this timer.
Adds a timer application timer to the list of timers. The timer application timer is added to
Put a key - value pair into the keys and values arrays. If the key already exists
Remove the entry for the given key. If the key is not present null is returned.
Enlarges the hash table by enlarging the capacity of the keys and values.
Shrink the keys and values array so that it can be re - used.
Save the configuration to the specified file.
Prints the declarations of the given taxonomy to the given appendable.
Returns all the direct instancenodes of the given node and all its direct subnodes
Removes all elements from the hash table.
Returns a combinelist hash value for the given hash values.
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream. The inputstream will be closed
Returns a delegating incompletenessmonitor that will log a warning at the warning level.
Create a processtaxomomy object from a taxonomy.
Submits a new input to the queue. If the queue is full the input will be
Append the given elkobject to the given appendable. If the elkobject is a
Marks the given queryclass as not computed and removes all related nodes.
Adds the given utn as a direct type node.
Check if a fullchain matches a property expression.
Returns a set that contains the results of applying the functor to each element of the input
Adds an element to the logarithmic probability matrix. If the logarithmic probability matrix
Removes an object from the set. Returns true if the object was removed false otherwise.
Adds the given class conclusion counter to this one.
Log the memory usage of the given logger at the given level if the logger is enabled for
Sets the configuration options for this reasoner instance based on the given configuration object.
This method is called when the server shuts down. If the server shuts down the
Prints the header information to the standard output. The header information is formatted according to the format
Prints the specified values at the debug level. The values are formatted according to the specified format
Get a string of the specified length with the specified character. The returned string is n characters
Adds the given counter to this rule counter.
Writes a resource or a list of resources to an xhtmlwriter.
Returns the input parameter with the given name or null if there is no input parameter with the
Get the property descriptor for the given propertypath.
Returns a map of all required request parameters that are present in the request.
Returns true if the given class is a single value type ; otherwise returns false.
Adds a link rel parameter to the link.
Sets the mediatype of the link. If the mediatype is null the link is not set.
Add an hreflang parameter to the link.
Add a revision to the link.
Adds a link parameter with the given name to the list of parameters to be passed to the
Expands the partial uritemplate with the given arguments and returns a new affordance
Returns a list of all the relationships for this link. This method is intended to be used
Returns a list of the revisions of this link. The list will be empty if there is
Returns true if any of the action descriptors has unsatisfied required variables.
Get the string representation of the value. The value is converted to a string type using the
Returns true if the property is hidden in the method parameter.
Returns true if the input annotation contains a property with a value that should be included in the
hasexplicitorimplicitpropertyincludevalue is true if the hasexplicitor
Returns true if the request body request parameter or request header are required.
Returns the default value of the request parameter or null if the request header is not defined.
Returns the name of the request parameter or null if there is no parameter.
Get the name of the property that should be exposed or the name of the parameter.
Returns the vocabulary for the given object.
Returns the query string for this request. If the request contains more than the number of queries
Append the form name and httpmethod to the affordance.
Write an input button with the given type and value.
appendinputorselect - append inputorselect to parent inputorselect - append inputors
Adds the given affordancebuilder to the current affordancebuilder.
Returns the partial uritemplate components as a list of strings.
Returns the partial uritemplatecomponents for the given list of action descriptors without any optional variables
Returns the first node with the given name or null if there is no such node.
Get the first node by relationship name.
Returns an iterator over the nodes in the tree.
Creates a persistent hashmap using the specified equality operator. The returned map is immutable.
Creates a persistenttreemap from an iterable of entries.
Creates a new empty persistenttreemap with the given comparator.
Returns an immutable sorted set of the entries in this map.
Returns the key of the last element in the list.
Perform a fold operation on the given source using the given operations. The result of this operation
Drops elements from this stream while the specified predicate returns truthy for.
Folds the stream into a single value using the given reducer. If the reducer is null
Creates a new tuple2 from the given map entry.
Matches the current selection with two functions. The first argument is the item to be matched.
Register a list of classes. This method is thread - safe and should not be called concurrently
Returns the element with the given index or null if the index is out of bounds.
Append an element to the end of the vector.
Returns a copy of this list with the elements of the given items concatenated into this list.
Returns a mutable mutable set containing the items in the given array.
Returns a mutable mutable list containing the given items. If the items are null returns an empty
Returns a persistent hash set containing the specified items. If the specified items are null or empty
Returns an immutable list of the specified items. If the specified items are null an empty list
Construct an iterable from an array of items. The items are converted to a list of items
Returns a string builder that indents the given number of spaces up to the given number of
Convert an array of objects to a string.
Creates a lazyref from a producer function.
This method is called when an exception is thrown during the execution of the function. It is
Insert an item into an array at a given index.
Copy an array of t objects into a new array of the given class.
Suspends if the current thread has already been suspended. If the current thread is suspended
This method is called before an async operation. It is called before any async operation is performed
Get the list of buildcomponents for the given servicedescriptorfilename and jarfile.
Validates that the given directory exists and is a directory and that it can be read.
Create an inheritancelink of concreteclass and superclass.
Copy all declared methods from source to destination. The exceptions parameter is an array of exceptions that
Copy the given methods to the given destination class. The destination class must have at least one
Remove the given sbbentity with the current class loader.
Returns the value of the parameter whose name is paramname. If the parameter is null or
Returns a set of all the resourceadaptorentity links which are not referenced by the given
Installs a new service component.
Uninstalls a service. This method is called when a service is removed from the system.
israentitylinknamereferenced - returns true if the ralinkname is a
Returns the usage parametersets for the given SBID. If the SBID is
Reset all usage parameters to their default values.
Display the result of the execution of the command.
Unfolds an array of objects into a property value.
Execute an event on an activity. This method is called by the activity manager when an event
Bind an object to the given name. If the name already exists an exception is thrown.
Unbinds a name from this node.
Lookup the object with the given name in this node.
Returns a hashmap of the last element of each child node in this node s children.
Get the next result for the given sleeevent and sleecontainer.
Returns true if this tracelevel is higher than the other tracelevel.
Extract a jar file to a destination directory.
pipestream reads data from the inputstream and writes it to the outputstream.
Put an object value into the map.
Attaches a sbbentityid to the current node if it doesn t already exist.
Detaches the specified sbbentity from this node.
Returns true if there are no nosbbentities attached to this node. Otherwise returns false.
Returns a set of sbbentityids that are attached to this node.
Attaches a timer to this context. If the timer already exists it will be overwritten.
Detaches a timer from the timer list.
Returns true if this timer is not attached to any other timer.
Returns a set of the names of the attached timers.
Adds a name bound to this node.
Removes a name bound to this node. If this node does not exist it is created.
Returns true if this node is a non - namesbound node. If this node is a
Returns a copy of the set of names bound to this node.
Sets the value of the specified cmp attribute.
Returns the value of the specified cmpattribute.
Returns a copy of the attributes of this node as a hashmap. The keys are the
Initialize the array of mbeannotificationinfo for the usagenotification.
Send a usagenotification to the user.
Download a remotedu file from the given url.
Update the list of deployed components. This method is called when the component list is updated.
Installs a deployableunit.
Uninstalls a deployableunit.
Process an internal undeploy.
Show the status of the application. This is the status of the application that the application is
Returns true if the record can be logged. If the record is thrown it will be logged
Returns the logger associated with the given logrecord. If no logger is associated with the given
Returns a set of all the BBB entities in the tree rooted at this node.
Get the permissions for the given codesource and set of principals.
Returns a string containing the location of the codesources in the policy holder. If no location
Check if a profile with the given name exists in the profile entity framework.
Remove the slee instance from the system. This method is called when the slee instance
Update the configuration properties of the component. If the component does not support activereconfiguration
Sleerunning the state machine. This method is called when the state machine is in
sleestopping. This method is called when the object is rastopping.
Activates the resource entity.
Deactivate this entity. This method should only be called when the entity is in the stopping
This method is called when all activities have finished processing. It is called when all activities have
Remove this object from the system. This method is called when the object is removed from the
Returns the resourceadaptor interface of the specified resource type.
This method is called when a service is active. This method is called when a service is
Returns the activityhandle corresponding to the given handle. If the given handle is an activityhandle
Called when an activity has ended.
Method raconfigurationupdate. This method is called when the configuration properties have been updated.
Verify that the configuration properties are valid. If dotracelogs are enabled log the
This method is called when the object is rastopping. It is called when the object
This method is called when the object is rainactive. It is called when the object is
raunconfigure. This method is called when the object is in the unconfigured
Declarative Services method for unsetting the resourceadaptorcontext.
This method unsets the faulttolerantresourceadaptorcontext property of the wrapped object
Build a hashmap of profile attribute names to their corresponding profile attributes.
Resumes the execution of the task. This method is called when the task is resumed
Replies the set of activity context handles associated with this node.
Get the value of the usage parameter set with name paramsetname. If paramsetname
Decorates an abstract class with the jndi - add to the environment calls. If the
Fire an event on the specified sbbentity with the specified eventtypeid eventobject and
Fired an event on an activity context. This method will throw an exception if the con
Get the profilecmpmethod for the specified profileid. If the specified profileid is not
Returns a hashmap of all abstract methods declared in the given class.
Returns a hashmap of all methods declared on the given interface including those declared on the super
Create the object pool for the given profiletable.
Remove the object pool of the given profiletable. This method is executed in a
Returns true if the source of an alarm is the same as the source of an alarm.
This method is called when an alarm is raised. It returns the id of the alarm.
Returns the installed usageparameterset with the specified name or throws an unrecognizedusageparametersetexception
Gets the specsdescriptor for this event.
Returns true if the given URL accepts the given deployable unit name.
Initialize the deployer with the given url and deployable unit name. This method is called
Start a deployable unit with the given url and unit name. This method will start the
Stop a deployable unit.
Show the status of the deployment manager.
Execute the aftercommitactions.
Execute the aftercommitpriorityactions.
Execute the afterrollback actions if any.
Executes the beforecommitactions.
Execute the beforecommitpriorityactions. This method should only be called if there is a before
Returns the names of all the defined tracers.
Create a new tracer with the given name. If the tracer already exists it will be replaced
removereplicateddata removes all replicated data from the list of replicated data with failover.
Process a sleecomponent with usage parameters interface.
Get the object pool for the given serviceid and object pool id.
Create an object pool for the given serviceid and sbbcomponent. The object pool is
Execute the activity with the given handle in the context of the current slee endpoint.
Start an activity with the given handle with the given flags. If the given barriertx is
End an activity with the given handle. This method is called when the barriertx is finished
Checks the preconditions for a fire event operation.
This method is called when an event is received from an activity. It is called by the
generatesbblocalobjectconcreteclass - this class generatesbblocalobjectconcret
Make the getter for the bean field.
Convert a string to an object. This method is used to convert a string to an object
Set the profile name and filename.
Extract the message from the result.
Returns true if the cache contains the given object. If the object is not a sbb
Returns true if this set contains all elements in the specified collection.
Removes all elements in the specified collection from this set.
Returns true if this level is higher than or equal to the given level.
Returns the object that should be read from the stream. This method will throw an exception if
Remove all the classes from the class pool and detach them from the class loader.
Add a profile call to the current transaction.
Get the profile object associated with this transaction. If the object is not associated with this transaction
Passivate a profileobject on a transaction end.
Sets the text of the component. If the text is null or equals the string this method
generateactivitycontextinterfaceconcreteclass - generates the concrete activitycontext interface class.
Generate the concretemethods from a map of interfacemethods.
Set the value of a data attribute in the activity s data object.
Add a namebinding to the cache.
Remove the names bound to the activity context. This is done by removing the names bound to
Remove a namebinding from the cache. If the namebinding is removed the acreferences handler
Attaches a timer to the cachedata. If the timer is already attached it will be
Remove the timerfacility from the list of timers.
Attaches a new sbbentity to the activity context. If the sbbentity is
Detaches a sbbentity from the activity context.
Get the set of BB - Attachment IDs that should be sorted. The returned set is sorted
Ends the current activity. This method is called when the current activity is no longer needed.
Add a deployable component to the deployment.
Returns a collection of external dependencies of this module.
Returns true if the dependency is satisfied by the user. If showmissing is true the dependency
Returns true if there are any duplicates in the list.
Returns a collection of install actions.
Returns a list of uninstall actions that should be performed when the application is uninstalled.
Returns true if there is a referringdu false if there is no such referringdu
Close the specified file. The file must exist in the system. If the file does not
Get the objectname for the given profiletablename and profilename.
This method is called when the profile is in write mode. If the profile is not in
beforesetcmpfield. This method is called when a compare field is changed in the
This method is called after the field has been set. It suspends the transaction manager.
This method is called before a get - or - set - field operation. This method is
This method is called after getcmpfield. It is called after a getcmpfield operation
This method is called before the management method invocation. It pushes the profilespecification component to
This method is called after the management method invocation. This method is called after the management method
Recursively deletes a file or directory.
Creates the default constructor for the deployment.
Create a default usage parameter getter for the given sbbconcrete object.
Creates the getter and setter methods for the sbbentity.
Create the fireevent methods for the given evententries. If the evententry is not fired
Create the getbbactivitycontextinterfacemethod.
Add a query expression to the query. This method will throw a nullpointerexception if the
Binds the given object to the given key. If the key already exists an exception is thrown
Rebinds the given target object to the given name. The target object must be a
Decorates the abstractsbb class.
Invoke a method with the given arguments and return the result as a void.
Returns the real field name for the given field name or null if the field name is not
Sets the value of the specified field in the Activity s data attribute.
Returns the value of the field with the given name in the given returntype. If the
This method is called when the profile object is initialized. If the profile object is not initialized
This method is called when the profile context is no longer available. It is called by the
Get the profilelocalobject for this profile. If the profile does not have a
Fire addorupdatedeventifneeded event.
Returns the abstractprofilecmpslee10wrapper object that can be used to wrap this object
Create a new class with the given classname and interfaces.
Create an inheritancelink of the given class.
Adds a member value annotation to the constant pool. The annotation is a member value that is
Returns the activitycontextinterface associated with the given activity object.
Get the class pool.
Set the deployableunit.
Called when the application is undeployed. This is called when the application is no longer
Executes the given activity with the given flags. If suspendactivity is true the sleeEndpoint
Checks if the given class or interface matches the given interfacesearched. If it does
Returns a hashmap of all methods declared on all interfaces of the given xinterfaceclass.
Checks if the given tracername is the same as the one in the notificationsource.
profiletable. getprofilesbystaticquery This is the main entry point for
Create a deployableunitid directory in the given deploymentroot.
Get the entity manager for this component. This is the entity manager associated with this component.
Start the state machine. This method is called when the state machine is in a state that
Switches the given classloader to the given profile object. If the current thread is a privile
Calls a method on a proxy that does not return an object. This method is intended to
Check if the current transaction is the same as the current one. If not throw an exception
Calculate the time - to - live for a given time - to - live timeout.
Returns true if the profile class is visible on the current thread.
getprofileobjectvalidincurrenttransaction - getprofileobjectvalidincurrenttransaction - getprofile
Returns a list of logger names that match the given regular expression.
Resets the logger levels to the default values.
Clear all loggers with the given name.
Add a new logger to the system.
Remove a handler from the specified logger.
Returns the name of the tracer with the given name and notification source.
Syncs the log level with the log4j logger. This is used for debugging.
Assign the log4j level to the given log4jlevel. If the given log
Reset the cache flags to reflect the current state of the trace. If resetchilds
Send a notification to the trace service.
Checks if the given tracername is the same as the one passed to the constructor.
Writes an object to an outputstream.
Reads an object from an input stream.
Add a direct dependency to this class loader.
Returns a list of all the dependencies of this urlloaderdomainimpl in the order they were
Searches for a class in the classpath and returns it. If the class is found it is
Override this method to log the name of the resource and call the super class s findresource
Override findresourceslocally to log the name of the resource and then call the super class
Create and register a profilembean implementation.
Resume a slee transaction.
Returns a set of all BIDs of the root node in the tree. The set is
Returns a hashset of all the resourceadaptorentitylinks for all the components in the
This method is called when the session is in a state that has not yet been set.
This method is called when the server is shutting down. It will throw an exception if the
validatestatetransition - Validates a state transition from one state to another
Method to get the usage parameter from the profileconcreteclass using the name of the
Update the field with the given name with the given value. If the field does not exist
Build a new instance of the polyjdbc.
Insert a value into the query.
Runs the given operation in a transaction. If an exception is thrown the transaction is rolled back
Parse a string into a regionrequest object.
Returns the region of this rectangle. If this rectangle is relative it will return the absolute region
Get the ontype string from the deserialization context. This is used to get the ontype
Sets the list of viewinghints for this type.
Add a viewing hint to this resource.
Sets the list of othercontent renderings that should be applied to this content.
Add a rendering to this resource.
Merge a list of profiles into an imageapiprofile.
Parses a rotation request from a JSON string.
Creates a sizerequest from a JSON string.
Initializes the connection to the ADB server. This method should be called at the beginning of
Get the dump of the current state of the device as an XML string. If the device
Execute the adb command and return true if the popbox command was successful false otherwise.
push handlegps2device - push the device to the handlegps device.
Execute the adb dump command and clean up the temporary file.
Pull a dump from the device into a temporary file and return the path to the temporary file
Get the crash log file path.
Removes the first tabwidth characters from the beginning of each line of the text in the editor
Indents this string by the given number of spaces.
tokenizehtml - Tokenize the HTML text.
Renders the given string as Markdown. If the given string is null the original string is returned
Escapes special characters with intagattributes.
This method is called when a sqlexception is received. If the exception is not a
Closes the connection and closes all cached statements. This method does not close the underlying connection.
Find the fully qualified name of the parent of the given typeelement in the given set of
Write the class of the barber. ibarbershop class to the specified filer.
Writes a bitvector01divider to the underlying data stream.
Append a bitvector to the end of a bitvector. The bitvector is assumed to
Read data from an inputstream.
Get a list of objects with the given key and expected class from the given path and filters
Set the klovreport on this thread. This method is called when the thread is
Add a screencapture to the current step.
Set the systeminfo for the given key to the given value. If the key does not
Creates a selector that selects the specified property. The property will be read from the database and
Creates a selector that transforms the value of the property with the given alias to the given value
Extract validation annotation data from an array of annotations.
Extract all the annotations for a given property.
Finds the annotations of the given property. If the property is not found an empty array is
Returns the propertydescriptor for the given property name in the given class or its super class.
Creates a new instance of the given class from the given map of strings to objects.
Creates a complex object from a map of properties.
Convert an object to a map with the given string values. The string values are ignored.
Convert an object to a map using a set of strings to ignore. The set of strings
Returns the values of the given annotation as a hashmap. The keys are the method names
Create a new compositevalidator.
lookupthelistofvalidatorsandinitializethemwithmetadataproperties lookupthelist
Looks up a fieldvalidator in the application context.
Applies the validation metadata propertiestovalidator to the given fieldvalidator.
If the property is blank remove it. If it is a string remove it. If it
Sets the current time and sets the approxtime to the given time.
Returns the number of elements in the cache.
Returns the hash code of the given object.
Open the database file. If the file is a JNIDB or IQ80DB
Puts all of the values in the specified map into the database. If the size of the
Removes all of the given keys from the cache.
Search for the given key in the database and return a keyvalueiterable that iterates over the
Load all the values for the given keys from the database into a linked hashmap.
Closes the database and flushes any pending changes and closes the underlying database. If an exception
Reduces an array to a double value using the exact sum of the elements of the array
Reduces an array of doubles to a double using a long - return method.
Returns the variance of the values in the range [ start start + length ).
Returns the mean of the values in the range [ start start + length ).
Invoke an object method from an object and an object of arguments.
Reduces an array of floats by applying a reduction function to each element of the array.
Returns a string representation of the given timestamp in the Euroutcsystem calendar format.
Checks if an object matches one of the given criteria.
Creates a criterion that tests if the field s value is not contained in the given values.
Create a criteria from a list of objects. The list must be of the same type as
Create a criteria object from a JSON string.
Adds an array of numbers to the end of the array.
Returns the maximum element in the array or null if the array is empty.
Returns the first count elements of the given list or null if the list is not large enough
Returns the last item in the list or null if the list is empty.
Returns a list of the last count elements in the list or null if the list is empty
Returns the least count elements of the given list or null if the list is not sorted.
Returns the minimum item in the list or null if the list is empty.
Returns the minimum element in the array.
Process an array of maps.
Handles a collection of maps.
Creates a new object from the given map. The class is loaded from the given map.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if the key does not exist.
Creates a tooltip with the given namespace and field name and the given resource bundle.
Add a hexidecimal character to the end of this sequence.
Process the queue of write operations and send them to the output data queue.
Starts the thread pool. The thread pool is started in a new threadpool. The thread
Returns a copy of the string that contains the specified character at the specified index in the specified
Returns a slice of the specified string starting at the specified index.
Checks if a character is contained in a string.
Adds the specified character to the end of the string.
Returns a string containing all of the objects in the given array. Null objects are ignored.
Returns a copy of the given string with all the ASCII characters removed from the input string.
Split a string into an array of strings. The returned array will contain all the characters in
Splits a string by space and returns an array of strings. The input string is assumed to
Splits a string into an array of strings. The first character in the array is the first
fromchararrayofarraytostringarray This method converts a char array to a string array
Converts a string to camel case.
Checks if the given string is inside of the range of the given string.
Underbarcase the characters in a string.
Returns a string representation of the given count. If the count is a double it will return
Returns a new sort object with the specified sorts applied. If no sorts are provided then the
Sorts the given list according to the given fields. The list will be sorted according to the
Returns the comparator for this field or null if it is not a comparator for this field.
Returns a list of comparators that can be used to compare the children of this sort.
Returns true if the given value is contained in the given map.
Checks if the given int value is equal to the given expected value. If not an exception
Compares two arrays of integers and returns true if they are equal or false if they are not
Returns the sum of the given values starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Round up to the next power of 2.
Sorts the given list according to the given sortby and fields. If ascending is true the
Sorts the given list according to the given sortby and fields. If the list is null
Set the field value from a map.
Converts the given object to a list of objects.
Create the loadallversiondatabykeyssql.
Returns a deep copy of the given list.
Checks to see if the given object has a string field with the given name.
Returns true if the given class has a string field with the given name.
Returns true if the given class has a field with the given name.
Returns the first comparable or primitive field from the given class or null if no such field
Returns the name of the sortable field from the given object. If the object is a map
Compares this cacheentry with the given one and returns the number of occurrences of the first occurrence
Compares the time of the given cacheentry with the time of the given cacheentry.
Sorts the given list according to the given sorts.
Sort the list according to the given sortby string. If the list is null or empty
Sorts the entries of the given map by the given sortby string and ascending or nullsfirst
Sorts the values of the given map by the given sortby string and ascending or nullsfirst
Sorts the keys of the given map by the given sortby string and ascending or nullsfirst
Sorts an array of objects according to the given sortby string. If the sortby string
Returns a comparator that will sort the objects in the given field according to the given values.
Returns a comparator that can be used to sort objects according to the specified ordering options.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Returns the cached value for the given key or null if there is no cached value for the
Evicts the cache if the size of the cache is greater than the evictsize.
If the value is not already initialized try to initialize it from the min and max values.
Allocate a buffer of the specified size.
Determines if we should stop the execution of the job. If it should stop the job and
Manages the inputwriterchannel.
Check if the queue is empty and if so flush it if it s too long.
Start the monitor thread.
This method is called at the beginning of the event loop. It is called at the beginning
Returns the object associated with the given key. If no object is associated with the given key
The main query plan. This is the main entry point for the query plan. The main
Do the filtering for a group.
Called by the timer to update the time and if the time is greater than the file_
Returns true if the output stream is dirty and the output stream has been written to.
Clean up the output stream.
Write the next buffer to the output stream.
Writes a buffer to the output stream. If the stream is closed by an interruptedex
Initialize the output stream. This is called when the log file has been written to.
Puts all of the values in the given map into this map.
Converts the given key into a byte array. If the key is already in the cache it
Reads the metadata for the given property name from the properties file and returns the list of valid
Extract metadata from a string. If the property is not found in the cache create it.
Returns the list of validatormetadata for the given property name in the given class.
Extract the validatormetadata from the given list of validatormetadata. If the
Extract metadata from annotations.
Convert annotationdatatovalidatormetadata to validatormetadata
Splits a string into an array of strings using the specified split character and the specified limit.
Splits a string into an array of strings by white space characters.
Splits a string into an array of strings using the specified delimiters.
Returns a copy of the string with the delimiters removed. If the delimiters are empty the string
Splits a string into an array of strings where each element in the array is a substring of
Parse a double from the beginning of a string to the end of a number.
Parse an integer from the given buffer starting at position from and ending at position to.
Reads an unsigned integer from the beginning and end of a given string.
Returns the value of the property at the given path in the given object or null if the
Returns a map of fieldaccess information for the given object. If the object is a map
Returns the type of the given property of the given root object.
Injects an integer property into an object. The path is assumed to be an array of
Sets the value of the property at the given path in the given class.
Get the value of a property in a collection or array at a given path.
Returns the value of the specified property of the specified object or null if the object is null
Returns the value of one or more properties of an object as an int.
Set the detail message and the summary message. Override this method if you need to do something
Create a message with the given key and arguments.
Create a docreate message with the given message and arguments. This method is called by the
Returns an array containing the values for the given keys. The keys are converted to strings.
Returns the current subject. If the current subject is null then the current subject is returned.
parsetext - Parsetext a json string to an object.
Send a HTTP request to the server.
Sends a DELETE command to delete a database. The command will not return until the database is
Creates a new database in the specified database name.
Returns a list of UUIDs for the specified number of times.
Triggers the replication.
Returns the value of the query as an object of the given class.
Sets the order of the results in descending order. If set to true the result will be
Synchronize all of the design documents from the desk file with the local database.
Gets the design document with the given id from the database.
Returns a list of all the design documents in the design_docs_dir.
Returns the design document with the given id.
Saves the replicatordoc to the database. If the userctxname is not null
Find the document with the given id and revision.
Find all the documents in the database whose name starts with the given string.
Removes the document from the database.
Finds an object of the given class with the given id with the given query parameters.
Returns a list of t objects that match the jsonquery string. The jsonquery string must
Returns true if the document with the given id exists in the database.
Bulk insert a list of objects into the database. If newedits is true the objects
Sends a PUT request to the given URI with the given object. If the object is new
Sends a PUT request to the given URI with the given input stream.
Execute an HTTP POST request to the given URI with the given JSON body.
Execute an HTTP DELETE request on the given URI and return the response.
Validates the status code of the HTTP response. If the status code is the same as the
Set the entity in the given httprequest.
Adds an attachment to the message.
Gets the changes for this query.
Reads the next row from the input stream. If the stream is exhausted terminate is called.
Convert the given double value to the corresponding string representation. The conversion is done by rounding
Shuts down the lock manager. This method blocks until all locks have been released.
Writes the contents of an observable to a servletoutputstream.
Adds tags to the given metric. The tags will be added to the metric s tags.
Verify and create creetemptables. This method waits for the current startup block to be
Get the project id for the given namespace name.
Returns true if the request method is a query or not.
Send an authentication request to the client.
Get the verb from the httpserverexchange object.
Generate an objectnode that can be used to review a resource for a given verb.
This method is called when a request has been completed. It releases the connection back to the
Called when a client request fails to connect to the server. This is called when a client
Initializes the connection to the database. This method is called when the connection to the database is
Find all scheduled jobs for a given time slice.
Converts a list of bucketpoints to a list of buckets.
Sends an endexchange message to the given httpserverexchange with the given status code and
Returns an observable sequence of rows from a bucket. The returned observable sequence contains all the rows
Create a new buckets from start to end with a step value.
Send a message to RabbitMQ.
send oneway message.
Send a message with a delay level. Returns true if the message was successfully sent false otherwise
Scan the database and return the results as a scanresult. This method is intended to be
Adds a file to the zip archive. If the file does not exist it will be created
Replace the given text in the zip file with the given file. If preserveexternalfilename is
Creates a new ZIP file with the contents of the zip file. The file will be created
Generate metrics for a component and a databuffer.
Fetch the content with the given id from the server. This method is intended to be used
Fetch the content of an order item from the server.
Upload a transformation file to a link container. The transformation file is expected to be a zip
Generates metrics for the given components using the fileupplier and the filebuffer.
Creates a new file in the given parent directory. If the parent directory does not exist it
Adds the object to the end of the tree.
Registers an adaptor for the given model type in the given stgroup. The adaptor will be
Register an attributerenderer for the given type in the given stgroup.
Create a new ST object with the given prototype and domain object and contentinfo.
Add a domain object to the assembler.
Set the value of a property.
Adds a child object to the given collection. If the collection does not yet exist it will
Returns a supplier that creates a new file from the given directory with the given prefix and suffix
Copies the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream using the given hashassembler
Parse a file into a document. The file can be a directory or a file - like
Parse an XML document from the given reader.
Returns a stream of all the elements in the given parent element.
Returns a stream of all nodes in the given parent element.
Returns the first child element of the first element with the given name in the given parent element
Returns a stream of elements whose name is one of the childnames in the parent element.
Validate an XML document against a schema.
Entry point for the filearchiver.
Creates a content builder from the given input stream. The input stream will be converted to UTF
Load a resource as a stream and add it to the builder. This method is intended to
Process the given entry using the given processor. The processor will be called for each entry in
URL - encode a string so that it can be used as an URL - encoded string.
Set the signature of the request.
Remove all whitespace from the end of the string.
Signs the request with the callback.
Sets the data for the given objectkey in the recorder.
Complete a multi - part upload. This method is called when a multi - part upload is
Add or remove the notification from the list of favoritenotices for the given request
Add the notification state for the given entryid. If the request is authenticated the entryid
Returns true if the timer is hasexpired. If the timer is hasexp
Get a notification by id.
Get a list of addressees for a given id.
Get the addresseedto for the given notificationid and addresseeid.
Get the events bynotification for the given id.
Get an event by id. If the event is not found the response status is set to
Returns the rest url for a single - lenotification request. The rest url is the
Get the jpaentry with the given id.
Get the authentication token. If the token is already hasexpired and forceupdate is
Returns the number of entries in the list.
Adds new notification categories to the list of new categories. If newcategories is null nothing is
Fetch the SSP notification for the given portlet request. If the SSP notification is disabled
Creates a notificationresponse object with an error message.
Creates a notification response from a maptonotification request and a response entity.
Map a notificationentry from the given index to its corresponding notificationstate and the given source.
Attaches actions to the notification entry.
Convert a link string into a url object.
Get the notification category from the request preferences.
Get the notification source from the request preferences.
This method is invoked when the target of the notification is received. If the target of the
Read a notification from a file. If the file does not exist return an error response.
Get the school id from the user s user_info attribute. If the attribute is
Extract the userid from the response.
This method is called when a request is received from the target. If the target is not
Returns a hashmap of notification attribute names to their values. The keys are the notification attribute
Normalizes the vector p so that its magnitude is the same as the vector s magnitude.
Returns true if boxa is contained within boxb.
Finds the closest point to the given point.
Returns the sign of the given point.
Sets the components of the 3 - tuple to the values of the given se3_f
Sets this rotation matrix to the given values.
Converts a rectangle2d into a polygon2d.
Converts a polygon into a quadrilateral.
Calculates the bounding box of a quadrilateral and a rectangle.
Computes the bounding box of a 2D polygon.
Computes the center point of a quadrilateral.
Computes the average of the vertices of a polygon.
Computes the convex hull of a list of points.
Removes all vertices in the given polygon that are parallel to the given tolerance.
Computes the average of the closest point error between two polygons.
Computes the area of the intersection of two 2D polygons.
Returns true if the given point lies inside the quadrilateral.
Returns true if the given point is inside of the triangle defined by three points a b c
Computes the intersection of two line segments and stores the result in a point2d_f
Returns the intersection point of two linesegment l_0 and l_1.
Computes the intersection point between two lines.
Computes the intersection between the line segment l and the line segment target.
Computes the intersection between two 2D polygons.
Returns true if the ellipse contains the given point.
Returns the area of the intersection of two rectangles.
Returns the value at the given index in the matrix m.
Converts a rotation matrix to a quaternion.
Creates a new ROTX matrix with the given angle and returns it. If r is null
Sets the rotation matrix r to the angle ang. The rotation matrix r must be a pre
Sets the roty of a rotation matrix to the given angle and returns the result matrix.
Rotate the 3x3 matrix r by the angle ang. The rotation matrix r must be
Sets the rotation matrix to a rotation matrix that rotates around the z - axis.
Creates a rotation matrix for the given euler type rotation about axis rota rotb rot
Creates a rotation matrix about the given axis with the given angle and rotation about the given axis
Sets the angle between the slope and the angle between the slope and the angle between the slope
Computes the twist coordinate from the motion and the twist coordinate.
Sets the rotation and magnitude of this transform from the initial to the end of the transformation.
Interpolates this quaternion by the given translation and stores the result in the given se3_
Computes the SVD of a set of points. The input points are assumed to be in
Solves a point on the plane. The output normal vector is the normal vector of the
Returns the length of the point at the given index in the triangulation.
Returns true if the given point is inside the line segment.
Convert a conicgeneral_f64 into a dmatrixrmaj.
Convert a conicgeneral_f64 into a dmatrix3x3.
Converts a conic general value into a parabolageneral value.
Convert the src parabolageneral into a conicgeneral_f64.
Divide p by v and stores the result in p.
Converts a 3D geotuple to a 3D matrix.
Calculate the totuple of 3D coordinates from a 3D matrix and store it in a
Sets the unit axis rotation vector.
Returns the distance between anga and angb in the range [ 0 pi ).
Returns true if the line segments intersect with the planegeneral segments of a and b
Returns true if the plane t_v0 is contained within the plane u v w0
Returns true if the line segment intersects with the given sphere.
Interpolates two spherical harmonics.
Extracts the rotation from a quaternion.
Computes the 2D polygon from the input points.
Sets the Tonomotion of a SE3 to the identity of the DRM.
Creates a tohomogeneous transformation matrix from a 3 - D transformation matrix.
Creates a tohomogeneous matrix from a shear system and a shear system.
Creates a 3D rotation matrix that rotates around the x y and z axis.
Checks if two se3 matrices are identical. The tension of the rotation is tolt
Converts a latitude longitude and a vector into a vector3d_f64 object.
Returns true if point x0 is a circle point x1 is a circle point x2
Returns the circleradiussq function of two points x0 x1 and x
Returns the closest point to the line segment l0 and l1. If ret is null
Returns the closest point on the line to the given point. If ret is null a new
Finds the point closest to the origin of the plane.
Returns the closest point on the line segment to the given point on the given line segment.
Returns the closest point to the given triangle.
Returns the 2D point transformed from the spherical harmonic to the spherical har
Transforms a set of points using the spherical harmonic projection.
Returns true if this quadrilateral is equal to the given quadrilater
Returns the acute angle between two line - general 2D vectors.
Converts a linepolar into a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a linegeneral2d_f64 to a linepolar2d_f
Converts a linesegment into a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a linesegment2d_f64 into a linegeneral2d_f64
Converts two 2D points into a linegeneral2d_f64.
Converts the two points a and b into a lineparametric2d_f64.
Converts a lineparametric2d_f64 into a linepolar2d_
Converts a lineparametric2d_f64 into a linegeneral2d_f
Converts a linegeneral2d_f64 into a lineparametric2d_f
Converts the input vector into a planegeneral3d_f64.
Converts a planetangent3d_f64 input into a planenormal3d
Converts a 3D planetoworld to a 3D planenormal 3D.
Converts a 2D point to 3D.
Computes the 3D planetoworld of a plane.
Returns true if this matrix and the given matrix are identical.
Returns a copy of this matrix.
Returns the square root of this matrix.
Computes the t - value of a line given its online point and the line s slope.
Returns true if the attribute has uncountable values false otherwise.
Checks if this parabolageneral is equivalent to the given parabola
Returns the center of this vector.
Returns the acute angle between two linesegment.
Returns true if the point p is within the given tolerance.
Returns a list of points randomly distributed from a center point and a standard deviation of stdev
Returns the e - component of the Hilbert curve point represented by the given point.
Subtracts two points and stores the result in the output vector2d_f64.
Identicalsign returns true if the point is identicalsigned within the tolerance
Sets the rectanglelength2d_i32 to the given rectangl
Converts an ellipse quadratic model into another model.
Computes the 2D point of the ellipse at a given time.
Computes the angle between a point and an ellipse.
Computes the tangent vector of the given ellipserotated_f64.
Selects the tangent line from a previoustangent line to a previo
Returns the corner at the given index. If the index is out of bounds the corner is
Computes the distance between two line segments.
Returns the 3D distance between the line segment l and point p.
Computes the distance between a line segment l and a point p.
Computes the distance between a plane and a point.
Returns the distance between a cylinder and a point.
Returns the Euclidean distance between two linesegment segments.
Returns the distance between two linesegment.
Computes the Euclidean distance between the given point and the quadrilateral.
Computes the distance between a line segment and a quadrilateral segment.
Returns the Euclidean distance between the point p and the polygon poly.
Computes the distance between a point and a line segment in the polygon. The storage parameter can
Returns the distance to the origin of the line.
Computes the Euclidean distance between the given point and the ellipse.
Computes the 2 - dimensional distance between a point and an ellipse.
Adds a transform to the path.
Finds the closest point on the line segment to the given point.
Returns the point closest to the given ellipse and point p.
Computes the polynomial curve at the given offset and length and stores the result in the given output
Creates a random vector with x y and z values in the range [ min max ).
Computes the perpendicular canonical vector between a and b.
Returns true if a and b are identical within a given tolerance.
Normalizes a vector so that its x and y and z components are the same.
Creates a rotation matrix from the given vector. The rotation matrix is initialized with the length of
Converts a matrix into a vector3d_f64.
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and the given point.
Sets the ellipserotated ellipse.
Normalizes this quaternion so that it has the same magnitude as the one in which it was originally
Returns the distance between two triangle points.
Computes the quadrilateral distance of the given quadrilateral.
Returns the simple value of a polygon.
Computes the mean of the points in the list at the given offset and length.
Returns a list of points ordered by the angle from the center to the center of the points
Computes the covariance matrix for a set of points. The points are assumed to be normalized.
Returns true if the polygon is a convex polygon false otherwise.
Multiply the components of this vector by a scalar.
Returns the maximum absolute value of this vector.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two points.
Computes the q - norm of the distance between two points.
Returns a list of random points on the plane.
Returns a list of random points from the given mean. The points are drawn from the given
Returns a list of random points with the given mean and stdx stdy and stdz
Computes the mean of a set of points.
Computes the mean of a set of points.
Invalidate all of the given credentials from the cache.
Invalidate all entries that match the given predicate.
Returns a set containing all of the elements in the given collections.
Get the features supported by the server.
Get the features from the configdropins folder and store it in the origresult set.
Get the server XML features from the server file and update the result with the parsed XMLs
Parse an includefenode. If the node is a URL copy it to a temporary
Parse the feature manager node.
Download the json files for the given productid and productversion.
Get a set of liberty features from a set of JSON files.
Check if the featurestoinstall contains only the openliberty features in the downloadedjson
Returns true if the target collection contains all of the elements in the reference collection ignoring case.
Returns the next product version from the given version string.
Extract the symbolic name from a jar file.
Get the install kernel jar from the given directory. If there is a replacement jar in the
Returns true if file1 is a replacement jar file and file2 is a replacement jar file
Extract the version number from the given file.
Compares two version strings and returns a negative number if they are equal or 0 if they are
Get the product info for the given install directory and action. This method is intended to be
Checks if an artifact is an isspring bootuberjar.
Get an arquillian property.
Returns true if the given file is working in this environment.
Moves the backtocenter to the given length.
Returns true if s1 and s2 are equal. If s1 and s2 are
Load an integer from a string. If the string cannot be parsed as an integer the default
Throwpizzaparty tortoise.
Verify the turtle.
Returns a copy of this puzzle with the specified blank cell swapped.
Returns the sum of the distance between each cell and all of its sub - cells.
Print a formatted string using the default locale.
Print a formatted string in the given locale with the given arguments. The output is flushed.
makeafishydecision is a helper function to make a number of decisions more
Write a variable to the System. out. The variable will be written to the System.
Returns a uniformly distributed random number between a and b. If a and b are not
Uniformly uniformly distributed random number between a and b.
Returns the number of times lambda is a poisson number. If lambda is less than
Returns the number of discrete elements in the given array. The array must be discrete.
Capitalizes the first character of a string.
Unapitalizes the first character of the given string.
If the path is not empty add it to the end of the path if it is not
Returns a jointostring representation of the given join object.
Returns the tokensentence of the given token. If the token is null returns the tokens
This method is called when the user is redirected to the logout page. If the user is
Extract the authtoken from the given cookielist.
Registers all guice - bound classes in the injector to the jersey environment.
get all the role permissions of a role and all the role group permissions of a group
Adds a projection to the projection list. The alias will be added to the end of the
Convert a jobinfo object to a jobdetail object.
Convert a trigger to a trigger for a given job.
Sets the repeatcount and interval values in the trigger builder based on the given triggerinfo.
Sets the start and end time of the trigger builder based on the given triggerinfo object.
Send a mail item to the server.
Write the response to the outputstream. The response is written to the outputstream.
Initializes the scheduler with the given properties.
Returns a list of all fields of the given class sorted according to the order of the fields
Get a map of all fields of the given class.
Configures the encryptor with the given configuration.
Generate a hash of the attributes of the current node.
Returns a string representation of the current state of the state machine. This method is used to
Sends a message to all receivers of the given mailitem. The message will be sent to
Generates a new password for the given user and returns the new password. The old password is
Returns the user object for the given accountname or null if the account does not exist.
Hash the given password using SHA - 256. The accountname parameter is used to identify the
Verify that the given accountname is valid.
Commit the current transaction if the current transaction is in the active status.
Rollback the current transaction if the current status is active and the current transaction is not the same
Starts the transaction and wraps it in a transaction wrapper and calls the success and error methods.
Returns true if the request is authorized for the given method and token. If the request is
Parse a date from the given object using the given field. If the object is not valid
Get the response for this error.
Creates a new restriction that checks if the given value is equal to the given value.
Creates a new restriction that checks if the given value is not equal to the given value.
Creates a less than restriction.
Creates a new less or equals - than restriction with the given name and value.
Creates a new greater than restriction with the given name and value.
Creates a new greater or equals - than restriction.
Creates a restriction that indicates that the value of the property is greater than or equal to the
Creates a new in restriction with the given name and value.
Creates a new namespacemanager with the given namespace and href.
Returns a copy of this resource with the specified content.
Create a new resourcerepresentation with the given relationship.
Returns a copy of this resource with the given new value. The new value must not be
Creates a new resourcerepresentation with the given namespace and href.
Returns true if the given byte array can be decoded and false otherwise.
Encodes a substring of a string into a byte array.
Returns true if in1 and in2 are equal. If in1 and in2 are
Move a file from one location to another. If the destination is the same it will be
Change the last modified time of one or more files. If any of the files do not
Returns the basename of the given file.
Add padding to the end of the buffer.
Returns the short name of the given class.
Returns a set of all the supertypes of the given class including interfaces and superclasses.
Verifies the given password against the given hash. The hash is assumed to have the same length
Reads a string from the system s input stream using the given character set.
Append a byte to the end of the buffer.
Append a byte array to the end of this buffer.
Creates a copy of the given array. The original array must be the same length as the
Returns a new fraction that is the sum of this and the given fraction.
Returns a new fraction that is the difference of this and the given fraction.
Returns a new fraction that is the result of this fraction multiplied by the given fraction.
Returns a new fraction that is the result of the division of this fraction by the given fraction
Returns the maximum of the given values.
Returns the minimum of the given values.
Throws an illegalargumentexception if the condition is false. If the condition is true throws an
Make a request to the meteoclient to fetch the locationforecast data.
Fetch the sunrise data from the meteoclient.
Fetch sunrise data from the meteoclient.
Returns a list of meteoextrasforecasts for the given number of hours ahead from
Finds the nearest forecast for a given datetime.
Perform a forecast query against the meteoclient and return the results as a mete
Create an instance of the meteoextraslongtermforecast class that can be used to
Returns a new meteoextraslongtermforecast object with the location forecast as well as
Creates a location object from a string representation of a latitude longitude and altitude.
Fetch the content from the meteoclient and parse it into a meteodata.
Creates a wind symbol name from the wind wind speed direction and beaufort.
Find the beaufort level of the given pointforecast.
Create a new URI from a string. If the string is null an exception is thrown.
Returns true if the given date is the issuance of this event. If the event
Get the point forecast for the given datetime.
Returns the best fit periodforecast between the two given dates.
Fetch the content of a text location from the Weather service. This method uses the default
Fetch the content of a text location from the meteoclient using the specified language.
Update the database with the full connection string.
Invokes a string method on a thiz object with the given name with the given arguments.
Acquires an object from the given datasource. If the object is not yet acquired an illegal
Create a new referenced object with the given class and reference.
Returns a wrapped object of the given class and object. The object will be wrapped in the
Get a configuration object from the service path. The configuration object is deserialized using the given configuration
Returns true if the substitutorennction is disabled in the given bootstrap configuration.
Create an iterator for the given service and service servicename using the given classloader and ignoreon
Returns the decoder to use. If no decoder is specified the default decoder will be used.
Returns a list of all services for the given interface.
Get a module from an interface implemented by this class. This method is used to get the
Acquires the inputstream from the given datasource.
Returns the size of the data in the specified datasource.
Returns a referenceddata object that wraps the given byte array with the given reference name.
Returns the component at the given index.
Returns the prefix of this name starting at the given upperindex.
Returns true if the current token is colored according to the current compiler settings.
Execute a regular expression with the given data. The data is expected to have the same length
Find a loop in the C - finding state of a given DFA and store it in
Create a subset of the regular expression.
Return true if t is a cbrdissect. Return false if t is not a
Clones the outchains of the old state to the new one.
Recurse through the tree t until it finds a non - null subre.
Mark a subre as in use and all of its descendent subre s left and
Computes the n - node index for a given subre. The n - node index is
Parse a subre.
Walks the tree starting from state s until it reaches leftend. If leftend is
Creates a new non - word arc in the NFA and colorcomplements it.
Clones the word chrs in the state machine in the direction specified by the input direction
scannum is the scannum of the next digit in the input.
Matches a bracket. The bracket must be at the beginning of a bracket or the end of
Scan a plain string.
Return a new lacon state. If the current state is the last lacon state then
Handle a single character in a regular expression. This is called when a single character is encountered
dovec is the main entry point for the vector processing. This is the main entry point
Returns the short value of a color.
Creates a pseudo - color. The pseudo - color is the first character of the color sequence
Process a subrange of from to to.
Check if all the colors are ok.
Set the colorchain of an arc.
Unlinks an arc from its colordesc chain.
Dump all the colors in the table.
The lexical start of the parser. The lexical start is the start of the parser
Starts a lexical traversal of the input string. The input string will be interpolated with the
Returns the color of the given code point or throws a runtimeexception if the code point is
Initialize the stateset with the given start index.
Returns the number of noprogress states in this state set or - 1 if there are
Returns an unicodeset that contains the given character. If the case parameter is true
Returns the unicodeset for the given object class name. If casefold is true
Carcsorts the arcs in sorted order. The arcs are sorted in ascending order.
Creates a new state with the given flag.
Moves all outs from old to newstate and frees all arc from old to newstate
Move all instructions from old to newstate.
Copy all instructions from old to newstate.
Copy all outchains from old to newstate and add them to newstate.
Drops a state and all of it s arcs and frees all of its resources.
Removes a state from the list of states and slasts. If the state is the
Add an arc from the current state to the given state.
Duplicatetraverse s to stmp. If stmp is null a new state is created
Creates the special colors for the current color. This is done by copying the pseudocol
Dumps the NFA to the log if debug mode is enabled. If debug mode is disabled
Dump the state s to the debug log.
dumps the parcs into a string builder.
Dumps an arc to a string builder.
Optimize the string and return the number of times it was optimized.
Analyzes the state of the reg - chain and returns the number of reg - chains
Combines an arc with another arc and returns the number of occurrences of the combined arc.
Remove all states that are reachable from pre and that are reachable from post.
Mark the state s as reachable if it is okay and all its outchains are reachable.
Mark the state s so that it can reach the given mark. The state s must be
Fixes for empty states that have no outchains and have no outchains. This is
Removes an empty arc from the current state. If the current state is empty the arc is
Get the rule parameters from the properties file. If the ruleparametersfile is null an empty
Get the list of all ruleinterpreterplugins in the repository.
Get the report plugins from the plugin repository.
Get the ruleselection for the given ruleset.
Executes the CLI with the given command line arguments. The command line is parsed from the command
Get the error message from a cliexecutionexception. This is used to get the error message
Gathers the standard options from the command line and adds them to the options object.
Add all options from the given task factory to the given options object.
Returns the gathertasknames of the given task factory as a string.
Interprets the given command line with the given options and the given task factory.
Get the command line from the given arguments and options. If the command line cannot be parsed
Execute a CLI task with the given options and command line. If an error occurs print the
Read the properties from the specified file or from the main class if no file is specified.
Prints the usage of the command line.
Get the home directory of the jQassistant. If the env_jqass
Creates a classloader for the plugins in the task s directory. If the directory does not exist
Returns a set of all the ids of the cells in the range [ minlongitude maxlatitude
Returns a set of all ids that intersect the specified range of longitude and latitude values.
Returns the URI for the given HTTP method target and parameters. If the method is null then
Adds a new route to the router. If the router already has a route with the same
Returns the number of routes in the chain.
Adds a new route to the first route in the chain.
Adds a route to the other router.
Adds a route to the end of the list of routelasts.
Returns true if any of the tokens in the request match at least one of the patterns in
Returns a criterion that tests if the given property is equal to the given value.
Get the store filename.
Compares two folders.
Compare two entries.
Compare two bookmark entries.
Sets the last modified time of the servlet class. If the current time is less than the
Returns a list of the names of the dependencies of this context.
Finds a class by its name.
Parses the authorization header from the request and returns an array of authorization strings. If the header
Creates a new instance of the protected function mapper.
Map a function on a class to a method on a class. The method will be called
Get the map for a function.
Resolve a function by prefix and localname. If no function is found the method is the
Sets the values of this instance.
Resolves an EL variable in the current page context. The variable name is passed as an argument
Parse a file and return a list of nodes.
Parse a jar file and return a list of nodes representing the resulting nodes.
parsetagfiledirectives Parses the tagfile directives for the specified file.
Create a JSP compiler. If the compiler has already been created this method returns it.
Get the content of a resource as a stream.
Calcuates the last modification timestamp of all channels in the system.
basicfindclassloaders is used to find all the classloaders in the current context
Checks if this classloader is a child of the given classloader.
Start loading a class and its resources if it is not already in the list of classes and
Read the stream header from the inputstream.
Paginates a list of objects.
Parse a metakey from a string.
Fill the requirements.
Get the tagfileinfo for the given tag name. If the tag name is not found
Parse an implicit TLD from the given path. If the path points to a resource that
Returns the checksum for the given filename and algorithm. If no checksum is found null is returned
Returns the size of a file in bytes.
Checks that the channel name matches the pattern in the channelservice. name_pattern.
Seeks to the specified block in the input stream.
Locates the position of the next block in the uncompressed block. Throws an exception if the
Get the list of Maven artifacts for the given channel id group id artifactid snapshot and version
Update the state of the current option s state based on the current state of the previous option
calc1byteprices is a helper function to calculate the 1 byte prices for a single
calclongrepprices - calculate the possible match prices for a single rep.
calcnormalmatchprices is a helper function to calculate the price of a normal match.
Checks the expected byte at the current position and throws an exception if there is an error.
This method is called when a character is invalid in a UTF - 8 string. It is
scantlds is a helper method to create a hashmap of strings to arrays.
Scantlds the given resourcepath for the given entryname in the given stream.
Add a JSP servletwrapper to the list of servlets that will be used by this
Returns the parent classloader of the current thread or the class loader of the current class.
Sets the bytecode for the given name. If the bytecode is null it is removed from the
Returns the bytecodebirthtime for the given name or - 1 if the name does not exist
Save the bytecode for the given classname to the given classfilename.
Check if all the JSPs have been compiled. If so compile the JSPs
Initialize the classpath.
This method is called at the beginning of a new thread. This method is called by the
Stops the current thread and waits for it to finish. If the thread is interrupted this method
This method is called when the application is started. This method is called when the application is
Find a channel instance by its name.
Finds a channel instance matching the given criteria. If no channel is found an exception is thrown
Update the deploygroupcache of the channelserviceaccess model.
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream.
Parse a JSP file and return a list of nodes.
parseattributes - parses the attributes from the specified jspreader and returns them as an attributes object
Add an include to the current node. This includes all the files in the given list.
Parse the attribute and body of a JSP tag and return true if the tag matches the
Adds an attribute to the element.
Adds the given node as a child of this node.
Returns an iterator over the attribute names in the attributes attribute set. If the attributes attribute set
Returns an iterator over the children of this node. If children is null returns an empty iterator
Returns an iterator over the children with the given name.
Return a copy of this mavencoordinates with the classifier and extension set to null.
Find an alias for the given variable name. If no alias is found return the variable name
Creates a new thread output stream and adds it to the thread s data and streams.
Unsets the current thread s output stream and returns the result as a string.
Returns the current printstream or the wrapped printstream if none is currently in use.
Write an optional field to a string writer.
Writes a string value to a field name.
Add an element to a parent element.
Adds an element to a parent element and inserts it before the first element in the parent.
Writes the next character to the given writer. If the writer is null then the next character
Sets the writer to use when writing to the output stream. If the writer is null then
Reallocates the buffer to the given length. If the buffer is full the buffer will
Map a page to an EL function. This is the main entry point for the jas
Returns the parent state with the given key or null if there is no such parent.
registermodel registers a new model with the given key and stores it in the storage
Perform a stream operation on the data path associated with the given key using the given consumer.
Monitor a job and return a model and view that can be used to view the job.
Returns true if the user is authenticated or false if the user is not authenticated.
Finishes writing to the output stream and closes the underlying output stream.
Creates a new Gson instance with the default adapters for node and byte arrays.
Returns true if the message is encoded for LZMA 2. Otherwise returns false.
Returns the union of the provided metadata and the extracted metadata. If both provided and extracted metadata
Get the throwable from the servlet exception or the jsp exception. If the servlet exception has not
Checks if the given coordinates has a checksum extension.
Finishes the compression process. This is called when the compression process is finished. This method
Gets the exception that occurred during the request. If the request was successful the exception will be
Evaluate an expression and return the result as an object of the expected type. The expression is
Makeprefix from osgiproperties.
Returns true if the file is an XML file and false if it is not.
parses the tagfiledirectives and returns the taginfo of the tagfiledirective.
Load a tagfile into the compiler context. If the tagfile already exists it will be
Remove the prototypefiles for the given classfilename. If the given classfilename is null then
Sets the canonical path of the root of the URI. If the string is null then the
Scan the files in the given directory and add them to the list of pages to scan.
Locate the root of a file in the URI. This is the root of the file
Moves the pointer to the next available number of elements.
Returns true if the input string matches the input string. If the input string does not match
Checks if the given string matches the optionalspaces followed by the given string.
Skips characters until the end of the limit string. Returns null if the limit string is
Skip characters until the end of the string or the end of the string is reached.
skip until the first occurrence of the given tag or the end of the string is reached.
parses the next token from the input stream and returns it as a string.
Pops a file off the stack and returns true if the file was successfully popped.
Returns a copy of this coordinates with the unclassified version. If the classifier is null
Filter a list of aspectinformation objects by factory id.
Returns an array of all factory ids required by this factory.
Sets the schema resource prefix.
Set the DTD resource prefix to use when parsing DTD files. If the prefix is
Convert the given node into a treenode.
Merge local errors and child errors into a single bindingresult.
Initialize the binder. The method must be annotated with the binder. initializer annotation.
Returns a map of channel aspect information for each of the channel aspect factories in the bundle.
Unqualifies the given path.
Invoke a custom tag plugin.
Returns a byte array of the specified size. If the array is not large enough to hold
Get an array of the specified size filled with zeros if necessary.
Create a new aetherresult from a collection of artifact results and an optional dependency result.
Get an inputstream for the given resource URI.
Validate this tag against a pagedata object. This method will return an array of validation
Pushes the contents of an input stream to the output stream. The input stream must be
Get the encoding of a JSP jar file. This method is intended to be called from
Report a fatal error to the JSP error handler.
Get the real path of this resource.
Get the resource at the given path. If the path does not start with str_ throw
Get the contents of a resource as an inputstream.
Returns a set of all the resource paths in the given path. If the path points to
Log a message and throwable to the log writer.
Adds a new filter to the list of filters that will be applied to the specified class.
Returns the size of the buffer to be used to store a dictionary. The size of the
Returns the memory usage in bytes of the current process.
Set the preset dictionary.
Move the cursor to the next line in the window. This method is called when the cursor
Fills the window with the given input.
Process any pending bytes that have been received from the peer. This is called when the peer
Returns the number of bytes of the first match in the buffer starting at the specified distance.
Returns the number of characters in the buffer that match the specified distance from the current position.
Returns true if the given matches are identical to the available matches and false if they are not
Move the cursor to the next position in the buffer. If requiredforflushing is greater
Recycle the buffer. This method is called when the buffer is no longer needed.
Flushes the internal buffer to the underlying output stream.
Clear the output buffer. If the output buffer size is equal to num_ and the output
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying output stream.
Closes the connection.
Writes a string to the output stream. If bytesok is true the output stream will be
This method is called when an error occurs while processing the error report. This method is called
Make a key from the metadata. If requireall is true then all fields will be included
Generate the class. This method is called by the jasper compiler when the class is
Compile the JASPER file.
Initialize the Java compiler. This is done by checking the system property to see if it is
Returns true if the path points to a jar in the webinf and false otherwise.
Returns a string with the given character quoted. If the given character is not a quoted string
Generate the page declarations.
compiletaghandlerpoollist compiles a list of taghandler pools into a list of
generatexmlprolog - Generatex - Prolog of a page.
Generate the common postamble.
Generate the postamble of a page.
Generate the jasper prolog. This is the main entry point for the jas
generatetaghandlerattributes prints out the dynamic attributes of the given taginfo if any.
Read properties from the given input stream.
Export a channel to the given outputstream.
validatexmlview - Validates a pagedata using the taglibs in the
Returns the next handler of the given class or null if there are no more handlers.
Parse an EL expression and return a list of AST nodes.
Select a property group from the previous property group to the current one. If the previous property
Returns true if the specified URI is a JSP page.
Prints a comment with the specified start and stop marks.
Prints a string in the current indentation level.
Prints the given string to the output stream.
Prints the multilinestrings of the number of times the number of times the number
Get the expression in the XML representation of the expression. If the expression starts with open_
Checks that the given scope is not null and that it is not the same as the given
Returns a copy of the given string with all the escapexml characters replaced by the corresponding
Validate a list of expressions. The expressions must be in the form of an EL expression.
Get the tag handler class name from the tag handler path. If there is no tag handler
Make a Java package name from the given path.
Splits the given path into an array of strings where each string is a substring of pat.
Makes a Java identifier from the given string.
Mangles the given character into a string.
Returns true if the given key is a valid javakeyword.
Adds the given property to the given map if the given value is not null.
Returns a string representation of the given modifier with the given prefix appended to it if necessary.
Returns a sorted set of all the keys in the given metadata that match the given namespace and
Update the user model and remove any users that are older than the timeout. This method is
Get the basename of the given file name.
Put a value into the cache. If the key already exists the old value will be overwritten
Get the databaseloaded data from the server and store it in the cache.
Builds a collection of imetric metrics from an aggregatedpayload.
Convert a number to a resolvenumber.
Writes an object to a codedoutputstream. The object is written as a string.
Get the TTL for a given tenant.
Creates the prepared statements for the current query.
Track the delayed metrics for a given tenant. This method is used to log the delayed metrics
This method is called when a metric is being aggregated for a given tenant. This method is
Reads a double or long from an codedinputstream.
Put an unversioned double or long value into the codedoutputstream.
Returns an unmodifiable map of all properties in this context.
Create a new container in the blobstore with the current date.
Schedule eligibleslots for the given maxagemillis and rollupdelay
Remove a slot from the running state.
Adds a listener to the specified event.
Registers a listener that will be called only once for the specified event.
Remove an event listener from the emitter.
Emits an event with the given arguments. If the event has already been emitted this method
Returns a list of listeners for the given event.
Returns the name of the file that was removed. This is the name of the file that
Append a rollup event to the output stream.
parses the timestamp from the filename and returns it as a long.
Start the HTTP server. This is the main entry point for the HTTP server. This is
Get the rollupcomputer for the given rolluptype and granularity.
Creates a new iocontainer instance from the configuration.
Put the value of the given configkey into the ttlmapbuilder. If the value is
Computes the maximum number of characters required to print the given headers and output strings.
Returns a string representation of the given headers with the given maximums and maximums values.
Returns a string representation of the results of the given outputformatter in the form of a string
registermetrics for zkshardlockmanager and jmxattributegauges.
Set the name of the thread pool.
Adds a metric index and document count to the set. This method is called when a new
Returns a set of completemetric names from the given metric index map.
Get a list of tokens from the metric name. The tokens are split on the token separator
Put a result set into the resultset future. The result set will be updated with the results
Create a granularity from points where the requestedduration is less than points and assumedintervalmillis
Sets the server time in milliseconds.
Returns a set of hosts that are unique across the cassandra cluster.
Get the maximum number of connections per host.
Returns an iterable of all metriccolumnfamilies in the metric_column_familes
Insert a collection of metrics into the metric store. The metrics will be sorted according to the
Insert a collection of metrics into the metrics table using the pre - aggregated column families.
Returns a set of all locators for the given rollup execution context. This method is
Returns the regular expression that matches the current query and the next query level.
Starts the file uploader thread. This method must be called at the beginning of the file uploader
Stops the file uploader thread.
Returns true if the given locator is currently in a batch layer.
Returns true if the given locator is a discovery layer and false if it is not.
Returns true if the given locator is currently in the recovery layer false otherwise.
Returns true if the given locator is delayed for the given slot currently in the delayed locators
Set a delayed locator for a slot current. This method is called when a slot has been
Returns a hashmap that maps all intervals in the specified range to the intervals in the specified
Returns an iterable over the ranges in the given granularity between the given start and end times.
Insert a batch of metrics into the keyspace. This method is not thread - safe. It
Insert a set of metrics into a column family.
Returns true if the given metric is delayed due to exceeding the maximum age allowed.
Get the boundstatement for the given imetric metric if it is delayed. If it is
Get the value of a column in the metadata table for a given column in the schema.
Check if the content - type header is present in the request.
Check if the accept header is valid.
This method is called when a batch of imetric objects has been added to the index.
Returns true if all of the values in this object are present in this object s data.
Check if there are any unexpected errors and terminate the process if so.
Get a new instance of the extractor.
Returns true if the operating system name and version match with the given prefix.
This method is called when the server is started. It will download the file and extract it
Shuts down the RabbitMQ process.
Returns a new instance of the pnsignaling params with the default values.
Set the list of ICEservers to use for this peer connection.
Adds a new ICES server to the list of ICES servers for this peer
Transmit a message to the specified user. The message will be sent to the specified user
Send a message to all peers in the cluster.
Gets the value of the weitereadresse property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedsimplefield property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedanyfield property.
Sets the value of the apisuchfelder property.
Gets the value of the multimediaanhang property.
Gets the value of the statusvbm property.
Gets the value of the statusis24 property.
Gets the value of the statushp property.
Gets the value of the importmodus property.
Gets the value of the adressdruck property.
Gets the value of the waehrung property.
Gets the value of the bodenbelag property.
Sets the value of the region property.
Sets the value of the area property.
Sets the value of the address property.
Sets the value of the description property.
Sets the value of the rentcollectionperiod property.
Sets the value of the furnished property.
Sets the value of the phone1 property.
Sets the value of the phone2 property.
Sets the value of the contactname property.
Sets the value of the phoneinfo property.
Sets the value of the mainemail property.
Sets the value of the ccemail property.
Sets the value of the externalid property.
Sets the value of the agentid property.
Sets the value of the epart property.
Sets the value of the jahrgang property.
Sets the value of the gebaeudeart property.
Sets the value of the buerotyp property.
Returns true if the given string is a numeric value. If the given locale is null or
Sets the value of the gebiete property.
Sets the value of the gruppe property.
Sets the value of the agent property.
Gets the value of the property property property.
Sets the value of the stand property.
Gets the value of the userdefinedextend property.
Sets the value of the zeiteinheit property.
Gets the value of the zimmer property.
Gets the value of the haus property.
Gets the value of the bueropraxen property.
Gets the value of the gastgewerbe property.
Gets the value of the landundforstwirtschaft property.
Gets the value of the sonstige property.
Gets the value of the zinshausrenditeobjekt property.
Gets the value of the terrain property.
Sets the value of the umfang property.
Sets the value of the wohnungtyp property.
Returns the ISO 2 code for the given country or null if the country is not recognized.
Get the country iso2 code from an ISO 3 code.
Get the ISO 3 code for the given country or null if the country is not available.
Get the ISO 3166 - 1 country code from an ISO 2 code.
Get the country name for the given country and language.
Translate the given country name to the given language. If the given country is not found null
Gets the value of the anbieter property.
Sets the value of the category property.
Gets the value of the pdf property.
Sets the value of the aktionart property.
Sets the value of the realestateitems property.
Sets the value of the pacht property.
Version 1. 2. 7 upgrade to version 1. 2. 7.
Gets the value of the content property.
Returns the names of all the fields in this type.
Sets the value of the blick property.
Sets the value of the pauschalmiete property.
Sets the value of the monatsmiete property.
Gets the value of the parkplatz property.
Method called to set the value of the lastenaufzug property.
Sets the value of the zustandart property.
Gets the value of the feld property.
Dump the contents of the record to the given writer using the given line separator.
Returns the value at the given position or the default value if there is no value at that
Print the contents of the record into a list of strings. The result is a list of
Set the value at the given position.
Sets the value of the check. ctype property.
Sets the value of the haustyp property.
Gets the value of the energiepass property.
Sets the keller.
Sets the value of the grundsttyp property.
Sets the value of the geschlattr property.
Sets the value of the halllagerprod. hallentyp property.
Getter for the wiederholungstermin property.
This method retrieves the value of the teilungsversteigerung property.
Version 1. 2. 3 upgrades onstigeelements zinshausrendite
Gets the value of the bevorzugt property.
Gets the value of the wunsch property.
Sets the value of the art property.
Sets the value of the modus property.
Gets the value of the emailsonstige property.
Gets the value of the telsonstige property.
Sets the value of the handeltyp property.
Method setapisuchfeld1.
Sets the value of the apisuchfeld2 property.
Sets the value of the apisuchfeld3 property.
Gets the value of the row property.
Sets the value of the distanzzusport property.
Gets the value of the anhang property.
Gets the value of the objektkategorie2 property.
Gets the value of the objektzustand property.
Gets the value of the hauskategorie property.
Getter for the ausstattungsqualitaetstyp property.
Gets the value of the vermarktungsart property.
Gets the value of the interessent property.
Sets the value of the wert property.
Method used to set the value of the ackerland property.
Method setbauerwartungsland.
Sets the value of the bootsstaende property.
Method setbuero.
Method called to set the value of the camping property.
Method setdoppelhaus.
Method seteinfamilienhaus.
Method seteinzelhandelgross.
Method seteinzelhandelklein.
Sets the value of the garagen property.
Method called to set the value of the garten property.
Sets the value of the gastronomie property.
Sets the value of the gewerbe property.
Sets the value of the hotel property.
Sets the value of the industrie property.
Sets the value of the keinebebauung property.
Sets the value of the kleingewerbe property.
Sets the value of the lager property.
Method setmehrfamilienhaus.
Sets the value of the obstpflanzung property.
Sets the value of the parkhaus property.
Sets the produktion value.
Method setreihenhaus.
Method setstellplaetze.
Sets the value of the villa property.
Method setwald.
Sets the value of the anbieter property.
Gets the value of the wohnung property.
Gets the value of the grundstueck property.
Gets the value of the einzelhandel property.
Gets the value of the hallenlagerprod property.
Gets the value of the parken property.
Gets the value of the freizeitimmiliewerblich property.
Gets the value of the objektartzusatz property.
Gets the value of the stellplatzart property.
Sets the value of the maxdauer property.
Gets the value of the feature property.
Sets the value of the zimmertyp property.
Upgrades the given document to version 1. 2. 5. If the document is an
Sets the value of the keineangabe property.
Sets the value of the erdwaerme property.
Sets the value of the solarheizung property.
Sets the value of the pelletheizung property.
Method used to set the gas value.
Sets the value of the oel property.
Method setfernwaerme.
Method setstrom.
Sets the value of the kohle property.
Generates a random string of the given length.
Generate a random string of the given length.
Generate a random string of the given length with numeric values.
Gets the value of the wohnungkategorie property.
Sets the value of the benutzer property.
Sets the value of the objekte property.
Gets the value of the feed property.
Sets the value of the moeb property.
Gets the value of the serviceleistungen property.
Sets the value of the subadministrativearea property.
Sets the value of the city property.
Sets the value of the locality property.
Downgrade the document to the previous version of OpenIM. The version of the document is
Upgrades the given document to the previous version of OpenIMMoversion 1. 2
Sets the value of the landtyp property.
Gets the value of the field property.
Upgrades a document to a previous version of OpenIMMoversion 1. 2.
Gets the value of the ad property.
Sets the value of the gastgewtyp property.
Sets the value of the platzart property.
Diese Methode datenverkabelung. Diese Meth
Getter for the klimaanlage property.
Gets the value of the image property.
Sets the value of the pricetype property.
Sets the value of the newdevelopmentavailability property.
Sets the value of the directions property.
Sets the value of the co2rating property.
Sets the value of the energyrating property.
Sets the value of the viewingdetails property.
Method called to set the value of the propertystatus property.
Sets the value of the pictures property.
Sets the value of the bebaubarattr property.
Upgrades a document from version 1. 2. 4 to version 1. 2. 4
Sets the value of the parkentyp property.
Sets the value of the alterattr property.
Sets the value of the freizeittyp property.
Sets the value of the telefonart property.
Sets the value of the emailart property.
Sets the value of the overseassales property.
Sets the value of the overseasrental property.
Creates a new simple field node with the specified name and value.
Gets the value of the fehler property.
Sets the value of the erbpacht property.
Gets the value of the stpsonstige property.
Gets the value of the valuelist property.
Sets the value of the mindauer property.
Sets the value of the zinstyp property.
Gets the value of the photo property.
Sets the feed. metadata value.
Sets the value of the projects property.
Method setproperties.
Upgrades a Kyerodocument to a Kyeroversion 3.
Gets the value of the immobilie property.
Gets the value of the objekt property.
Gets the value of the fehlerliste property.
Gets the value of the status property.
Sets the value of the sonstige. sonstigetyp property.
Sets the value of the distanzzu property.
Gets the value of the distanzen property.
Gets the value of the distanzensport property.
Returns true if the throwable is compatible with throws clause.
Sets the namespace bindings from the given map.
Binds a namespace prefix to a namespace URI.
Remove a namespace binding from the list of namespaces bound to the given prefix.
Returns true if the given string has an opening tag and false if it does not.
Consumes tokens from the given line and returns the first non - comment line.
Consumes a line of text from the beginning of a comment or the end of the line
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given token in the given line or - 1
Initialize logging for the given location. If the location ends in xml_file_extension the
Binds a prefix to a URI in the current namespace context. This method is called when the
Adds an iterator to the list. If the list already contains an iterator this method will throw
Adds an option to the list of options. If the shortform of the option is null
Add a string option to the command line. The shortform and longform are the characters
Add an integer option with the specified shortform and longform. The shortform and long
Add a long option with the given shortform and longform.
Add a double option with the given shortform and longform.
Add a boolean option to the command - line option list.
Parse the command - line arguments.
Instantiates a new instance of the given class.
This method is called after an access to the object. It is called after the object is
Sets the target object. The target class will be set to the class of the target object
This method is called before the method is called. It is called after the method is called
Finds a method that matches the target class method with the given number of arguments.
Convert an unsigned integer to a string.
Serialize an object to a byte array.
Deserialize an object from a byte array.
Returns the first child element with the given tag name or null if no such child exists.
Get the value of a child element by its tag name.
Returns a list of all child elements of the given element.
Returns true if the node s nodename or localname is the same as the given one
Returns true if the node s nodename or localname matches the given list of desired names
Set the length of a string to the given length. If the string is longer than the
Monitor the releaselistener for the given object handle.
Add an entry to the releaselistener for the given reference. This method is synchronized
keep monitoring thread alive if there are no tracked entries return false if there are no tracked entries
Calculates the mobile city number for the given mobilenumber.
This method is called when a prefix is mapped to a namespace. If the prefix is null
This method is called at the end of a prefix mapping. It is called when a prefix
Adds a callback to the future. The callback will be called when the future is completed.
parsetree - Parsetree a. k. a. b. c. d
Returns the text color of the given item in the text area of the text area of the
Sets the values of the column. If the column has a different number of columns then the
Returns the color of the item at the specified scroll position. The color is determined by the
Sets the text size of the dialog.
Get the x - coordinate of the inbounds of the item. If the x - coordinate
Get the intro from the resource. The resource is read from the classpath and written to the
Returns a copy of the keyword names in the library.
Returns the arguments for the specified keyword. If the keyword does not exist an empty array is
Returns the documentation for the given keyword. If the keyword does not exist in the library the
Entry point for the command - line tool.
Stops the server. If timeoutms is greater than num_ then the server will be stopped
Starts the server. This method should be called at the beginning of a new server.
Convert properties from a JSON file to a string.
Convert properties from a file to a JSON string.
Read properties from the inputstream and convert them to a JSON string.
Converttojson a properties object to a JSON string.
Convert a map of properties to a JSON string.
Convert a map of properties to a JSON string.
Converts a map of properties into a string. The keys in the map are assumed to be
Converttojson a properties object to a JSON string. The properties object will be
Get the radius of a shadow.
Creates a builder for the apache ocspfetcher.
Find the intermediates of the given certificate.
Execute the Mojo. This method will be called when the Mojo is executed.
Preprocess the markdownfiles in the input directory. If the input directory does not exist then
Substitute variables in the given template using the given patternstring.
Get the title from a list of lines.
addtitletohtmlfile adds the title to the html file if title is not
Replaces the variables in the given initialcontent with the values in the given variables map.
Replace the sitebaseprefix in the html with the folderdepth relative to the sitebase.
Copy files from one directory to another.
Checks if the given path is part of the host path. If it is remove the host
This method is called when a child view wraps the content of its lider. It is
Fade up the animation by the specified duration.
Faded down for the specified duration. Faded down does not affect the duration of the
Calculates the percentage of the given width.
Check if there are any views that overlap with the given width. If so do nothing.
Create an intent to launch an activity in the target package using the given bundle creator.
Launches the activity if it is not already in the activityrunmode.
Get a list of factsheets for a given type relationtypes pagesize and cursor.
Download a file from a response.
Build the HTTP client.
Create an accesscontrolentity response from an accesscontrolentity object.
This method is called when a datamodel is updated. This method is used to update the
createfullexport - create a new port for the given exporttype startdate and end
Set the token provider host to use for OAuth 2. 0 tokens. The default host is
Set the client credentials for the API client.
Process a multipart graphql request. This method is used to process a multipart graphql request.
Get a list of bookmarks for a given group key and sharing type.
Add a set of permissions to a graph.
Write a set of permissions to a graph. The permissions will be applied to all nodes in
Add one or more rulesets to the marklogicdatasetgraph. If no rulesets are
Close the connection and release any resources associated with it. This method should be called when the
Execute a select query on the given inputstreamhandle. The offset and limit parameters can be
Create an instance of MarkLogicDatasetGraph using the specified connection parameters.
Limit the number of threads to the specified number of threads per process.
Resample the image to the specified width and height with the specified geometry annotations.
Rotates the object by the given number of degrees with the given rotation annotation.
Sets the gravity attribute of the GmOperation object.
Remove the profiles from the command line.
Sets the font style size and color.
Add a source image to the image manager.
Adds an image file to the command line.
Parses the given arguments into a list of strings. The target object is expected to be an
Prints the usage of the given object to the given printstream. The target object must be
Extract the timeunit from a string. If the string does not contain a timeunit then
Parse the given target object with the given properties.
Execute the slide at the specified URL.
Execute a SlideScript from a file. The file is assumed to be a URL.
Interprets a PPTX file and returns a list of actions.
Sorts a list of rectangles by their size.
Render the templatetext with all the parameters.
Get the relationship file for a given sliden number.
Returns true if the given mouse event is within the screen region.
Selects slideelements that overlap vertically with the specified slideelement.
Sends a message to the queue. If the queue is null the message will be sent to
Execute the outbound operation on the given message. The message is serialized and then dispatched to the
Find a file with the given name and options and throw an exception if it is not found
Get or create an empty temporary directory. If deleteonexit is true the temporary directory will
Returns a logvaluemap with the given key and value.
Log a message at the TRACE level.
Log a trace level message.
Log a debug message.
Log a debug event with a message.
Log a message at the INFO level. This information will be logged with the default event.
Log a message at the INFO level.
Issue an info log entry with two parameters.
Log a message at the WARN level.
Log a warning event with a message.
Log a message at the ERROR level.
Log an error event with a message.
Add tocontextlineandmethod.
Start a stenowrapper for the given ilogging event.
Write key - value pairs.
Serializes an ithrowable proxy to a JSON object.
Returns a logvalue that can be used to write to a log file.
Get the caller data for the given logging event or null if there is no caller data.
Create a new database in the current working directory.
Checks if the given arrayposition is in the list of mappings and removes it if it is
Parses a cell s save attribute into a string that can be saved to a file.
Save the value of a savedatato object in the given context.
Refresh a sheet row from the given context.
Parse a string of the form method_prefix + method_end into a string of the
Get the value of the hidden_save_objects_column in the given row.
Get the saved attributes for a column from a list of saved attributes.
Sets the value of the hidden_save_objects_column of the given row to the
Set save attributes for all rows in a sheet.
Sets the save attributes for each cell in the given row. The attributes are stored in the
Prepare the context and attributes for a cell. If the cell is null null is returned.
Formats a number as a string. If the number is an integer it will be formatted as
Put shift attributes for the given fullname. The attrs will be added to the shiftmap.
Set the workbook to be written to.
Get the xssfevaluationworkbook.
Get the formulaevaluator.
Recalculates the maximum number of columns in the worksheet based on the number of cells in
Load a workbook from the given inputstream.
Load a workbook from a workbook object and return the number of worksheets loaded.
Load a worksheet by tabname.
This method is called when the file is being exported. It writes the contents of the file
Do the save.
Sets whether or not the MDE signal should be sent to the DOS or not.
Populates the given component with the data from the current cell. This method is called by the
Get the current sheet configuration.
Read an object from an object input stream.
Returns the locale for the given component. If the component has no locale attribute the default locale
Returns the picture of the current rendering phase if the current phase is the render response phase.
Get the cell helper.
Get the pictures helper.
Gets the validation handler.
Gets the charthelper.
Converts the shared formulas of a ptg array into a new ptg array.
converts a ptg to a ptg array if the ptg is in the watch
Convert a ptg for a watchlist to a ptg for a watchlist.
Create a new ptg array for a single ptg object.
Returns a list of serialrows for the given currentrow.
Assemblerows list from rows mapping.
builddynamicrowforrefptgbase.
Get the background color of the plot area.
Get an xcolor object from a shape properties object and a themetable.
Find the automatic fill color for the given themetable.
Create an xcolor object from a ctschemecolor object and a themetable.
Get xcolor from ctsrgbcolor.
Get an xcolor object with automatic fill.
Create a new color from an XSSF color.
Get the triplet from an XSSF color.
Returns the background color of the given cell. If the cell is an HSSF cell
Find the component name from its class name.
Populates the given component with the input attributes of the given facescell.
Match the parameter of a method on an object. Returns null if the method does not exist
Sets the value of a property on an object. If the property does not exist it will
Returns the value of the specified property of the specified object. If the property does not exist
Sets the control attributes for the given cell according to the given cellattributesmap.
Find the validate attributes for a given cell in a given cell map.
Setup facescell pictures and charts for a given facescell cell.
Setup facescell charts.
Setup facescell picture.
Initialize the chartsmap for the given workbook.
Get the pietitle of a chart.
Set the style for a series in a JFree chart. The style can be one of
Create a new pie 3d chart.
Sets up the bar style for the given chart. This method is called when the chart is
Initialize the chartsmap and the chartdatamap for all the sheets in the workbook.
Get the chart id from the parent of the given chart.
Initialize the anchorsmap for the chart data.
Generate a single chart from an XSSF chart and store it in the chartmap.
Transform a collection object from an expression engine to a collection object. This method will throw an
Get the full name from a row of data. If the row does not contain a hidden
Rebuilds the upper - level formula for all the cells in the given configbuildref.
Sets up the upper - level formula for the given cell.
Builds a cellformulaforshiftedrows object.
gatherrowsmappingbyfullname returns a list of rowsmapping objects for the given fullname.
Change the index number in shiftmap by removing any existing entries with the same key.
Change the length of the upper level finallength of the given fullname by the given increased
Change the index number in the hidden column of the given configbuildref to match the given
Sets the fullname in the hidden_full_name_column of the given row.
Returns the row number in the hidden_origin_row_number_column of the given
Sets the row number in the hidden_origin_row_number_column of the given
Find the parent rowsmapping from a shiftmap.
Returns a list of rowsmapping for the given fullname from the given shiftmap.
Returns the item at the given index in the given collection or null if the index is out
Build a new configrange with the given source configrange and insertposition at the given sheet
Returns true if the given rowindex is a static row in the given source configrange.
Returns true if the given row is a static row reference in the given source config range.
Replace expression with cell value and return the result as a string. The cell value will be
Returns a hashmap of the merged region of the first sheet in the second sheet.
Returns a list of all skipped region cells in the given sheet.
Add skipcelltolistintheregion for the given cellrangeaddress
Build a sheet comment from a list of tiecommand aliases.
Build a cell comment from a list of tiecommand aliases.
Returns a map of all the available configurations for the current project. The returned map will be
Returns a sheetconfiguration object for the given sheet.
Build a formcommand from a sheet configuration.
Verifies that the last cell in the sheet is not blank. Returns the column index of the
Build a new sheet from the given sheet configuration and cell attributes map. This method is called
Checks and repairs the last row of a sheet.
Build a list of configcommand objects from a sheet comment.
Set the parent for a child command. If the child is a child of a parent of
Haseach command in thelist?
Match a configcommand to a list of sheet configurations.
Copy templatefortiecommands.
Builds a list of configcommand objects from the given cell. The list is sorted by the
Process a line of text into a cell.
Process a single line of a command line and add it to a list of configcommands.
Move the comment to the top of the worksheet.
Create a configcommand object from the given name and attributes.
Build a map of attribute names and values from the given command line.
Get the sheetconfiguration from the formcommand and the right column of the sheet.
Set the footer of the sheet configuration.
Set the body of the sheet configuration.
Set the header of the sheet configuration.
Delete a row of faces from a worksheet.
removerangesfromshiftmap removes a list of configrangeattrs from the shiftmap.
Find and remove all the full names from the given sheet in the range [ startrow end
Get the eachcommand object from the given parts name. If the parts name is the same
insertemptyobjectincontext - Insertempty object in context.
Deletes an object from the data context.
Prepare collection data in context.
Index all the commands in the given configrange in the given map.
Returns true if the given row is allowed to add to the given sheet configuration.
Inserteach a template from a source configrange to a source configbuildref.
Evaluates the given string value against the given context and adds the result to the given cell.
Evaluates the user formula in the given cell.
Checks if the given string is a user formula.
Create a new comment for a cell.
Evaluates a boolean expression in the context of the given expressionengine and returns the boolean value.
removerowsinsheet removes cells in a sheet from a specified range of rows.
removerowinsheet removes the row at the given rowindexstart from the given sheet
Remove the cached cell for the given rowindexstart from the given sheet.
removerowsinbody removes the specified range of faces from the specified bodyrows.
Load a picture from the current page and put it in the sessionmap if it doesn t
Loads a chart from the current page and returns the chartviewid. If the chart is
Assemble a new value from an object.
Get the cell value with the given formulaevaluator and dataformatter. If the cell is
Get a cell s value without the cell s format. If the cell s type is formula
Returns the string value of a cell with the given celltype.
Get cell string value with number type.
Sets the value of a cell to a string.
Sets the value of a cell as a string.
Sets the value of a cell to a boolean value.
Sets the value of a cell to a date.
Sets the numeric value of the given cell to the given string.
Copy rows from source sheet to destination sheet.
Copy a single row from one sheet to another. The source sheet must be the source sheet
Copy a cell from one sheet to another.
Copy a cell s value from sourcecell to newcell. If checklock is true the
Copy the cellstyle from sourcecell to newcell and set it to newcell.
Clones a comment from a source cell to a new cell.
Create a clientanchor for a comment cell.
Create or insert a comment in a cell.
Match comment settings from source cell to target cell.
Get the vmldrawing from a cell.
Get the shape of a cell from a vmlDrawing object.
Get the cellstyle from a source cell.
Convert a single cell from a POI to a POI in a SHEET.
Get the row and column indices from the component s attributes.
Gets the number of initial rows from a sheet configuration.
Get a facesrow from a given top row in a list of facesrows.
Get the facescell from the given row and column of the given facesrow.
Get the POICell from a sheet.
Get the key for a cell in a poicell.
Get or add a tiecell from the hashmap or create a new tiecell
Get the name of the current data context.
Evaluate an expression. If the expression does not exist it will be created and added to the
Evaluates the expression with the given context and returns the result. If an exception is thrown the
Write the current row to an object outputstream.
removerow removes a row from a given sourcerownum.
Merge the contents of a rowsmapping into this rowsmapping.
Recovers all rows from the given sheet.
Get the chart type of a given chart.
Creates a new basicstroke object based on the given style string.
Initialize a chartdata object from an xssfchart object.
Sets up the chartdata object. This method is called when the chartdata object is created
Initializes the xssfanchorsmap for the given workbook and chartsdata.
Initialize anchors mapforsheet. This method is used to initialize the anchort
Get the chart id associated with an anchor.
Get the chart id from the child node attributes.
buildeachobjects is the main entry point for building objects. This is the
Save the value of a cell in the current context. This method is called when a cell
Recalculates the result of the formula evaluation. This is done by clearing the cached result
Get a POICell with the specified row and column from the specified tabname.
Returns the facescell with the specified row and column from the current page.
Restores the data context for the given fullname.
Get the last collect entry for the given fullname.
Returns true if the fullname and parts need to be restored or false if the fullname is null
Start restore data context.
Shifts the first and last rowrefs of this config object by the given number of rows
Set the first rowref of the table.
Set the lastrow + ref of this node.
Builds the cells for a static row.
Build a single cell.
Read an object from an input stream.
Build a list of parsedcells for the categories of the given CTAXdatasource.
Builds a series list from a list of objects.
Builds a chartseries in a list from a chartobject ctobj and a series index
Get a list of xcolor objects from a list of dpt objects and a list of
Get the dpt from the list with the given index.
Set the command index map.
Get the picture map for the given workbook if it is an xssfworkbook.
Get a map of all the pictures in a workbook.
Index the picture in the map based on the sheet and the document part.
Generate a picture style string for a given sheet cell and picture object.
Generate chart style string.
Returns the compiled pattern for this parser. If the alias is not null the pattern will be
Returns the chart for the current rendering phase.
Recovers the current cell address from the given sheet.
Get the rowstyle string for a cell. If the cell has a cellstyle with the
Get the font style for a cell in a workbook.
Get the cell font color from the given font object.
Gets the cell font decoration.
Get the cellstyle for a POI cell in a workbook.
Get the webstyle string for a column of a cell. The webstyle string includes the
Returns the alignment of the given cell according to the given cellstyle. If no alignment is
Get the vertical alignment from a cellstyle.
Calculates the total height of a row in a sheet.
Sets up the cellstyle for the given POI cell.
Get the input type from the cell type.
Returns a set of resource paths for the given path.
Get a resource as inputstream from the current external context.
Removes the number from a resource path if it starts with the given prefix.
Returns true if the input is of the given type. If the input is of the given
Searches for a bean with the given name and returns it. If the bean is found it
Join an array of shorts with a string.
Round the given value to the given number of decimal places.
Returns the tab type of the currently active tab. If there is no active tab then the
Returns the style of the currently active tab. If the currently active tab is not a tab
Returns the default date pattern for this locale.
Returns the decimal comparator for the default locale. The default locale is used if no locale is
Returns the thousand separator by default locale.
Sets the tiecommandaliaslist.
Build the watchlist from the configrange and the configcommand. If the configrange is
Builds the watchlist for a cell.
Adds a row to the watchlist if it is not already there.
Checks if the given string is a command string.
Parse the widget attributes from a cell comment.
Gets the attribute key in map by cell.
Parse the validateattributes comment into the cellattributesmap. If the comment does not start with
Find the position of the pair bracket between startpos and startpos + 1.
Parse a command attribute string into a map of attribute name - value pairs.
Parse the input attributes of a cell.
Parse the validation attributes from the given string and add them to the given list of cells.
splitbyeualsign splits the attribute name and value into an array of strings.
Parses a list of cellformattributes into a list of specialattributes.
Process calendar attributes.
Process the specialattributes for a selectitem.
Gathers special attributes from a cellformattributes object.
Parse cell comment to map.
Returns the position of the first non - cellname character in the input string starting at the
Removes the characters from the input string starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Returns the Excel column name for the given column number.
Convert a column name to an integer.
Get a cell by its reference in a sheet.
Convert height units to pixel height in pixels.
Checks if a string is a valid date.
Parse a date string into a date string.
Returns true if the given string is a numeric value. If the string starts with the number
Returns true if the given character should continue with the given parameter. If c is a decimal
Sets a property on an object. If the property does not exist it will be created.
Compares thiscell to othercell and returns - 1 if thiscell is less than or equal
Returns true if the given child range is within the given parent range.
Clear all hidden columns in a sheet.
Delete the hidden columns in the given row.
Deletes the cell with the given index from the given row.
Logs the system event and the build version of the application.
Refresh the status of a cell after the status has been changed. If the status has changed
Validate with row and col in currentpage.
Validate a cell by using the bytiewebsheetvalidationbean.
Check the error message from an object in the data context. If the error message is not
Validate all rulesforsinglecell for a single cell.
Performs validation on the cell value and the cellformattributes. This is done by replacing the
Returns true if this cell is valid for the given target component.
Returns true if the current page is valid and false if it is not valid.
Validaterowincurrentpage Method.
Checks if the irow is valid in the current page. If it is valid it checks
Refresh the cached cells in the current page.
Refreshes all cached cells in a given facesrow.
Sets the submit mode in the viewmap to fullflag if it is not already set.
This method is called before any validation is performed. This method is called before any validation is
Clear the contents of this object. This method does not clear the contents of the object.
Load the header rows from the given sheet configuration into the given parent sheet.
Load the header row without the configuration tab.
Fill the bottom of the list of headercells to make room for the largest number of columns
Returns the header column style string for the given cell.
Returns the width style string for the given column width and total width.
Get the style of a column in a sheet.
Initialize the tabs of the parent sheet.
This method is called when the data is loaded from the serial port. This method is called
Refresh the data for the given row.
Refresh the data for a cell. This method is called when a new cell is added to
Returns the index of the tab with the given name or - 1 if not found.
Load a worksheet from the specified tabname. This method is called when a new worksheet is
Prepare workshee for the given tabname.
Sets the first column of the datatable.
Setup the facesrow with the values of the given row and the index of the given row
Loads the body rows from the given sheet configuration into the given parent sheet.
Refreshes a cached cell. This is called when a new cell is added or removed from
Process a refresh of a cell. This method is called when a cell has been changed.
Create the dynamic columns for the given tabname. This method is called when a new column
Add a repeatrow to the current row.
Refreshes the bodyrows in the given range of the given sheet.
Set the unsaved status flag for the given request context. This method is called by the
Returns true if the view is in the unsaved state false otherwise.
Returns the most - parameter constructor of the given type that is a parameter of the given type
Write an inputstream to an outputstream.
Write a long value to a writer.
Writes the given string to the given writer. If the line is null the string is written
Set the converted Traffic Statstag.
Adds a bitmap to the result.
Add a filedescriptor to the result.
Remove the parameter with the given name.
Add a header to the request.
Clear this request description. This method is called when the request is complete. This method is
Call this method to start the streaming playback service. This is called when the stream is playing
Binds the service to the service connection. This method is called when the service is bound.
Unbinds the service connection from the context.
This method is called when the stream is being drained. It is called when the
This method is called when the remote input stream is pointing to a disk. If the remote
Convert an inputstream to a string using the given character set and buffers pool.
Convert an inputstream to a UTF - 8 string using the UTF - 8 encoding.
Sends the content of this message to the given outputstream. This method is called by the
Returns the number of bytes available to be read from the underlying input stream.
Closes the underlying input stream and releases any resources held by the underlying input stream pool.
Returns the number of bytes read from the stream. If the stream is closed this method returns
Reset the connection to its initial state. This method is called when the connection is closed.
Send the start part of the message to the given outputstream. This method is called when
Send the Content - Disposition header to the given outputstream.
Send the content - type header to the given outputstream.
Send the transfer encoding header to the given outputstream.
Send the end of header to the given outputstream.
Send the end of the message to the given outputstream. This method is called when the
Sends the given parts to the given outputstream using the given partboundary. The partboundary
Returns the length of the parts in the given part boundary. If the part boundary is null
Returns true if the URI is a redirect or false if it is not a redirect.
Sends a 304 Not Modified response to the client.
Sets the date header to the given response object.
Set the date and cache headers for the given HTTP response.
Sets the Content - Type header for the given file.
Send an empty buffer to the channel and close the channel if the channel is still open.
Send the Content - Disposition header to the given outputstream.
Send data to the outputstream. This method is called when the outputstream is closed.
Installs the cache with the given version. The version must be greater than or equal to
Ensure that the working directory exists and is a directory. If it doesn t exist create it
Get an entry from the disklru cache. If the entry doesn t match the request
Creates a new inputstream that reads the entry body from the given snapshot.
Resets the bitmap to a new size.
Get an instance of the websockifysslcontext for the given keystore password and key password
Validates that the keystore is valid with the given password and key password. If the keystore is
Replaces the current scaletype with a new one and returns the new type.
Get the pending intent for the given request builder and flags.
Disconnects the given connection from the HTTP server.
This method is called when the service is created. It is called when the service is created
Unbinds this service from its context.
Notify about view changes.
Channel open handler. This method is called when a new channel is opened. This method is
Called when the client wants to accept the response data.
Called when the connection is to be reset. This method is called when the connection is to
Waits for the loader to finish.
Sets the text of a textview or hvisibility depending on if the text is empty.
Hides the soft input from the textview window.
Show the soft - input for the given textview. This method is intended to be called
Toggles the soft input from the textview.
Calculate the width of a pixel given the density of the display metrics and the density of the
This method is called when an exception is thrown by the portunification handler. It logs
Clear the cache for the given URL.
Populate the image of the given view with the given URL. If the view has no image
Cancels the imageloading of the given view.
Create an image consumer for the given view.
Sets the result image to the supplied imageconsumer. The imageconsumer will be reset after this
Sets the loading image for the given imageconsumer. If the imageconsumer does not have a
Start a new imageloader for the given request. If the request has not already been
Add an image to the memcache.
Releases a buffer back to the pool.
Adds the content type contentlanguage and user - agent properties to the given urlconnection.
Adds a simple parameter to the request.
Try to connect to the server with a workaround for the case where there is a bug in
Returns the MD5 hash of the given text.
Returns constant string for column n. For all CUBLAS - matrix and CUB
Get the string representation of class n for general general matrix.
Check the given CUBLAS_STATUS result and throw an exception if it is not
Check if CUBLAS_RESULT_BLAS was returned. If not throw an
Adds a lexeme to the frequency of the given lexemeid. If the lexeme
Adds the given endingid to the ending frequency. If the endingid already exists it is
Returns the estimate of the frequency of the given attribute values in the given wordform.
Print a long description of this token and all of its attributes.
Verify and set a kamols attribute value in a tag at a given index.
Removes kamols markupformating from the given tag.
Get a list of metric data from the metric server.
Returns the query string to be used in the request. The query string is a hashmap
Process the metricdata node.
Parse a list of appinfo objects from a JSON string.
Get the connection configuration from the properties file. If the property file is empty then return null
Perform a series of datapoints for a list of applications and metrics. The list of datapoints is
Create a generic reader for the GC -04 codelist document.
Factory method for the gc04 codelistset document.
Create a new header for GC - C04 column set.
Create a generic reader for the GC10 codelist document.
Return a reader for the GC10 codelistset document.
Create a new header for GC10 column set.
Get the column element s id.
Get the value of a column from a row.
Get the column with the specified ID from the supplied columnset.
Get all the key IDs from the given columnset and add them to the given collection.
Get the key of the given ID.
Checks if the given columnset contains a key column with the given column id.
Create a new column.
Create a new key and add it to the list of keys.
Set the number of lines to skip.
Add a new column to the list of columns to read. If a column already exists it
Returns a genericodewriter for GC -04 codelist documents.
Returns a genericodewriter for GC - CodelistSet documents.
Returns a genericodewriter for GC - C04 column set.
Returns a genericodewriter for GC10 codelist documents.
Returns a genericodewriter for the GC10 codelistset document.
Create a new GC10 column set writer.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a list of CodelistDocuments.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a GCL CodelistSet document.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a GC - C04 column set.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a list of CodelistDocuments for GC10.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a GCL CodelistSet document.
Returns a validator which allows to validate a Gc10 column set.
Send the feedback to the logstoserver. If setsenttime is true then the
Sets the current context for the application. This is used to set the context for the application
Get the current level of the logger. This method is thread - safe and should not be
Get the current capture state. This method is thread - safe and should not be called directly
Set the maximum size of the logstores.
Prepends the metadata to the message if it is not already present in the metadata object.
Append stack metadata to a jsonobject.
Create a new jsonobject with the given parameters.
Set the user id entity.
Get a byte array from a file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Checks if the user has access to the Fine and Coarse location permissions and if so
Sets the size of the specified region to the specified number of entries in the specified region.
Dumps the size of the partitioned region and the number of entries in the partitioned region
Dumps a sizereplicatedor local region.
Reads a snapshotrecord from the stream.
Dumps the time stamps to the given stream. The time stamps are written to the
Get the values of the time value at the given index in the time series.
Converts a chart from a file to a chart chart object.
Get a pool for the given servername. If no pool exists create a new pool.
Get a pool for a locator. The pool is created if it doesn t already exist.
Returns true if the given region is on the given server false otherwise.
Get a member from the jmx bean.
Returns a collection of all the host names in the system. If the system does not have
Look up the network host in the resource bundle. If the resource bundle is not yet loaded
Checks if the given data is an error and if so sends it to the resultsender.
Executes a function and returns the results of the function. If the function throws a runtimeexception
Flattens a collection of objects into a collection of objects.
Execute a query against a set of objects and return the results as a collection of objects.
Create a cachelistenerbridge that allows to run a consumer after a put operation.
Create a cachelistenerbridge that invokes consumer after all entries have been deleted.
This method is called when an exception occurs while processing the request. It is called by the
Returns a copy of the onregionfilterkeyfacts array.
This is the main entry point of the function. It is the main entry point of the
Returns a set of all the host names in the given JMX object. Returns null if the
This is the default implementation of the execute function. It is the default implementation of the execute
Get the application name from a list of resources.
Construct the security properties. This method is called from the constructor of this class. It is
Get a region from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Get a region from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Construct a comparison between two hashes.
Returns true if the timestamp at the given index must be inserted before the given timestamp at the
Closes the input stream. This method is called when the input stream is closed.
Read the GF stats files in the specified directory and write them to a CSV file.
Entry point for the GFstatsReader class.
Reconnect to the server. This is used to reconnect to the server in case of an error
Stop members on the specified host.
Shuts down a member. The member will be removed from the list of active members.
Shuts down all the members of the given JMX bean.
Shuts down all members in the given redundancyzone.
This method is called when you want to store a pagination map. It is called by the
Read a page of results from a textpage criteria into a map of key - value pairs
Import a GemFire region into the dataops secretary. If the file does not
Checks if the remotelocators and locators match.
This is the entry point for the checksummap function. It is the entry point for the
Build a hashmap of all objects in the given region that can be used as a checksum
Returns the value of the column with the given name. If the column has a string type
Returns true if the given type is an integer type or false if it is an integer type
Serialize an object to a byte array.
Deserialize a K object from a byte array.
Creates an instance of the given class.
Check if the tableobject has the correct id for the element.
Check for fields in the column element.
Checks if the given element s type is a subtype of the given type.
brewjava - brew the java writer with compressing and emitlelinecom
Emits the get_id method.
Returns an observable view of the result of this query as an observable view of the table object
Checks that the specified column is declared in the table. If not an exception is thrown.
Returns the given string if it is blank or the given default string if it is blank.
Converts the first character of the string to upper case. If the string is blank returns the
Returns true if the given type is a subtype of the given type.
Returns a builder that sorts the results in descending order. This is useful when you want to
Returns the temperature in degrees celsius. The temperature is in degrees celsius.
Get the cursor method for the given type.
Log an error message.
Returns a list of all the icon fonts available on the system.
Returns a list of all available icons.
Returns the background decoration of the current element.
Raises a number to a given power of an exponent. If the exponent is less than
Sets the values of this matrix to the given array of float values.
Set the exponent and scale of a bigdecimal to a power of a given value.
Set the root of a bigdecimal to the given value at the given index and scale.
Calculates the exptaylor of x with the given scale and sets the factorial
Returns the linear representation of x with the given scale.
Return the lnnewton of px with the given scale. The scale is assumed to be
Calculate the angle between x and x + 1. 0 and 1. 0.
Returns the arctantaylor of x with the given scale.
Returns the square root of x divided by the given scale.
Prints a string to the System. out with the current line number line number and group number
Returns a string representation of the given timestamp.
Sets the minimum and maximum width of the rectangle.
Put a float value into the buffer.
Print the current state of the object to the console. This is useful for debugging purposes.
Adds two complex numbers and returns a new object.
Subtract a complex number from this one and return a new object.
Multiply this complex number with a complex number z and return the result as a new complex number
Divide this complex number by the given complex number.
Sets the values of this matrix to the values of the given matrix.
Get a row of the matrix as a new row vector.
Get a column of this matrix as a column vector.
Sets the values of this matrix.
Returns the transpose of this matrix.
Add a matrix to this matrix.
Subtracts the given matrix from this matrix and stores the result in this matrix.
Multiply this matrix by a scalar k.
Multiply this matrix with the given matrix and return the result as a new matrix.
Print the contents of this matrix to the given printstream.
Sets the resource to be rendered. The image will be added to the end of the image
Validates the Bayesian coefficients of the Bayesian curve.
Recomputes the position of the next function in the chain. This is called when the
Clears the state of this object. This method is called when the object is no longer needed
Convert a styledlayerdescriptorinfo object to an XML string.
Convert a raw sld to a styledlayerdescriptorinfo object.
Validates a styledlayerdescriptorinfo object and throws a sldexception exception if an error
Validates a raw sld against this SLD. The SLD must be valid XML.
Calculate the area of a rectangle.
Sets the values of this matrix to the values of the given matrix.
Sets the values of this matrix to the given array of floats.
Returns the inverse of this matrix. The inverse is the inverse of this matrix.
Returns the determinant of this matrix.
Returns the norm of this matrix.
Solve a matrix b.
Print the matrix to the given printstream with the given width. The matrix is decomposed
Perform forward elimination.
Perform a forward substitution of b to a new columnvector. The original columnvector is returned
Create a new columnvector that is the result of a backsubstitution of the original column
Improve a column vector b and x.
Converts a square matrix into an array of numbers.
Returns the next vonneumann.
Perform a single iteration of the iteration procedure. If the number of iterations is equal to the
Compute and store the current extended position of the function. This is done by computing the extended
Check if the current position is not the same as the previous position. If the current position
Computes the extended position of the function. This is done by computing the extended position of
Check if an interval is valid. If not throw an exception. If the interval is valid
Add a float to the end of the current value.
Returns the product of pa and pb with m.
Generate an integer from a base exponent and a power of m. The result is a power
Perform a single iteration of the iteration procedure. If the number of iterations is equal to the
Get the sldmanager instance.
Convert a long to a char array.
This method is called when the decomposition is done. It is called when the decomposition is done
Print this string to the given printstream.
Validates that the given number is a valid float biasedexponent.
Validate that the unbiased number is within the range of float_exponent_bias.
Validates that the given number is a valid double biased number.
Validates that the given unbiased number is within the range of double - exponents.
Returns the next central value in the range [ 0 MAX_CENTINAL_VALUE
Returns the next polar value in the range [ 0 MAX_POLAR ).
Returns the nextratio of this matrix.
Generate a primesieve of length n. The primesieve is a pseudo - random
Returns an array of the prime factors of a power of 2.
Perform a single iteration of the iteration procedure. If the number of iterations is equal to the
computes the extended position of the linear function. The extended position is the average of the
Check if the current position is not the same as the previous one.
Sets the JavaFX application. This method blocks until the JavaFX application thread is running.
Set the configuration of the processor. If configfile is null the default configuration is used.
Set the default configuration.
Initializes a FXML loader with the specified location charset and resources.
Specifies the latitude and longitude of the geocoderequest.
Get the host port pair from the service metadata.
Returns the attributedefinition that is applicable to the given uuid in the given list of attributedefinitions
Evaluate the given attributefilterexpression against the given eventattributes and attributedefinitions.
Sanitize a string for use in an HTML tag.
Sets the address of the geocoderequest. If the address is null the address
Query for all the names of the objects in the database. This is useful when you want
Query for all service instances for a given service name.
Get a list of all collaboration to by the logged in user.
Returns the metadata for decimal as a string. The prefixparam parameter is added to the end
Change the password for a logged in user.
Get a list of all users.
Get the gravatar for the given email address and size. Returns null if there is no
Get the gravatar for the specified user. If the user does not exist return null.
Populate from elasticsearch json.
Get the type of the field in Elasticsearch.
Create a new flow step.
Update a flowstep.
Get flowstep by id.
Get a flowstep bystep.
Get a list of all steps in a flow.
Delete a flow step.
Force deletion of a flow step.
Returns a list of form fields that can be populated from the given formfieldsparam list.
Close the connection to the server. This is a blocking call that will block until the connection
This method is called when a message is received from the client. It is called by the
Indicate that the connection has been closed.
Get the list of echom messages from the returnvalue.
Get a list of all personal inventory items owned by the logged in user.
Create a new formcontainertablerecord.
Deletes a form container.
Get a list of flowhistoricdata for a given form.
Returns a list of formhistoricdata objects for the given form and field.
Get the most recent form and field historicdata for a given form.
Lock the form container. This method is called when the form is submitted to the user.
Unlock the form container.
Unlocks a form container.
Map form container to form object.
converttoobjects takes a comma - separated list of roles and returns a list of
Create a new form definition.
Updates a form definition.
Returns a form definition with the given id.
Get a form definition by name.
Get a list of all form objects owned by the logged in user. If includetabler
Deletes a form definition.
Get the storage key from the form definition and form field id parameters.
Initialize the memcached client.
Shuts down the underlying memcached client if it is still running.
Parses a string into a long. If the string is empty returns - num_. If
ConvertDocumenttopdf Method.
Get the field values for a form from the cache. If the cache is empty return null
Create a new flow step entry rule.
Create a new flow step exit rule.
Create a new flow step view rule.
Update a flow step entry rule.
Update the flow step exit rule.
Update a flow step view rule.
Move a flow step entry rule up.
Move a flowstepentryrule down in the specified flowsteprule.
Delete a flow step entry rule.
Delete a flowstep exit rule.
Delete a flowstep view rule.
Initializes the session with the passwordparam and the authresponseparam. This method is called when
Get all user queries.
Returns a list of all roles in the system.
Get the serviciceticket in the format of base64 - encoded. Return null if
Create a new text field with a masked value.
Method to create a text barcode field.
Create a new field with a decimal spinner.
Create a new decimal slider field.
Create a new table field in the form.
Method to update the text masked field of a form field.
Method to update the text barcode of a form field.
Update a field s decimals spinner.
Updates a form field s decimals slider.
Update an existing form field table.
Get a form field by name.
Get a list of form fields by form name and logged in user. Only fields that are
Get fields by formtypeid and logged in user.
Delete a field.
Force deletion of a field.
Returns the metadatafortablefield for the given form definition and if sumdecimalsparam is true
Updates the value of a user field.
Get or create an index. If the index already exists it will return the existing index.
Create a new flow.
Update a flow.
Get a flow by id.
Get a flow by name.
Delete a flow.
Force deletion of a flow.
Update the value of a global field. The field value will be updated with the value of
Returns a list of all global field values.
Returns the form definition id and title as a mapping from the form id to the form title
This method is used to decrypt an init packet. It is used to decrypt the initial data
Closes the connection and cleans up any resources associated with it. This method should be called
Create a new request and register it in the message handler.
Get the verbose exception message from the exception handler. If the exception handler is a agener
Create a new admin user. The password parameter can be used to clear the password of the
This method requests an access token from the server. The token is returned in the form of
Gets the user profile information.
Execute the HTTP request and return the result as a jsonobject.
Execute a POST or PUT request. This is the main entry point for the POST method.
Returns a responsehandler for the given urlcalledparam.
Returns true if the connection is valid and false if it is not.
Returns the HTTP client to be used for closing the connection. If the client has not been
Returns the path to the pathtofluidspecifictruststore.
Closes the connection to the server. If the connection is already closed this method does nothing.
Get a list of all fluid items for a given jobview.
This method is used to send a form to a flow. It is used to send a
Called when the client closes the connection.
This method is called when a message is received from the client. It calls the appropriate handler
Sends a JSON message to the client.
This method sends a message to the remote server. The message is sent to the remote server
Closes the session.
This method is used to execute a nativesql query. This method is synchronized and must
Sends a license request to the server and returns the result as a string.
Apply a license to the server.
Create a new text field in the form of a routefieldparam with type = text.
Create a new field of type paragraphtextplain.
Create a new paragraphtexthtml field in the form of a field object.
This method is used to create a multichoice select many field.
Create a new fielddatetimedate field.
Update a field in the form of a plain text type. Returns the updated field object.
Update a field s paragraphtext. html.
update fielddatetimedateandtime.
Update a single decimal field in a route. The field must be of the same type as
Update the value of a route field.
This method is used to create a new value for a route field. This method is used
Returns a configuration object with the specified key.
Returns a list of all configurations.
Create a new attachment.
Retrieves an attachment by its id.
Deletes an attachment.
Force delete an attachment.
Parse the jarfile and add it to the inputstream. The inputstream is assumed to
Set the classloader to use for the given jarpath. If the jarpath does not end
rule2. If parent is not an xsdschema and name is not null throw an
rule 3. schema. schema. name.
rule 3. Simpletype form or type must be set.
Get the first node in the schemata of the given file.
rule 7. form. element. schema. element. schema. element. schema. element
rule 3. ref. element is xsdschema and attributesmap contains key ref_tag
Convert an object to an object of the appropriate type.
Creates a new CLI interface instance for the given class. The class must implement the OptionSpec
Create a cli using an optionspecification instance.
Parse command - line arguments into an object of the given class.
Parse the command line arguments using an instance of the options class.
Creates a new URL builder with the base URL package version and path.
Remove a view from the footer viewgrid.
Returns the value of the quaternion at the given pressure.
Returns the 3 - dimensional value of x y z with the given seed.
Returns the 3 - D value of a 3 - D vector. The 3 - D vector
Cubic interpolation function.
Scurve - 5 function.
Sets the lower and upper bounds of the lower and upper bounds of the lower and upper bounds
Doprocess the event for all plugins in the order they were added to the event.
Do the doprocessing of the plugin. This method is called by the fullstop
Gets the account id of the user or null if the recipient is not associated with the user
Apply the rule to the given violation entity. The rule entity must be present in the rule
Get the event serializer for the given inputstream.
Creates a new file in the current working directory with the given name.
Create a new directory in the temporary folder.
Restores all properties that have been restored from the database. This method is called by the
Creates a new implementation of the delegate map. If the delegate map is already an implementation it
Adds an object to the collection.
Sets the value of the named property.
Get an array property from the given base path. If the property does not exist in the
Moves to the next state by transitioning to the next state with the given actionname.
Process the queue of soft references and remove them from the map.
Get the type of the given type. If the given type is a parameterized type then the
Get the parameterizedtype of the given type or null if there is no parameterizedtype.
Returns the typevariable of the given type.
Prints the stack trace of this throwable to the given printstream.
Prints the stack trace of this throwable to the given writer. If the parent trace is enabled
Replace an object with a stub if it is a remote object and not a remotestub
This method is called when the application is started. This method is called when the application is
Sets the current task.
This method is called when a task is accepted. This method is called when the task is
Called when a task is rejected with an exception.
Called when the task has started.
Called when the task has completed.
Stop the task. If the task fails log it and return false. Otherwise return true.
Returns the executable that will be used to execute the job.
Put a new executable job into the queue. This method is called when a new job is
Convert a blockingmode name to a blockingmode object.
Reads the next object from the objectstream and returns it as an object. This method is
Copy the readers from the old catalog to the new catalog.
Create a new catalog instance.
Load the system catalogs into the catalogfiles vector.
Parse the catalog file at the given URL. This is the main entry point for parsing the
Parse all the pending catalogs in the local catalog files. This method is not thread - safe
Parse a catalog file.
This method is called when an unknown entry is found in the vector. This method is called
Resolve an OCTET declaration. This method is used to resolve an OCTET declaration
Returns the document in the form of an XML document that can be used to represent the document
Resolve a system identifier to a public identifier. The system identifier can be a URI or a
Returns the resolvelocaluri for the given uri or null if no resolvelocaluri
Make the given sysid absolute.
Returns the normalized URI. If the URI is null returns null. If the URI is a
Encodes a byte into a hexadecimal string. If the byte is less than the number of characters
Add a new delegate entry to the delegate list. The delegate list will be sorted by the
Creates a softvalueref.
Fires a throwable to all registered listeners. This method should be called from a synchronized block
Add a throwable to the stack trace.
Creates the implementation of the delegate list. If the delegate is an arraylist it will be
Compares this timertask with another timertask and returns the number of times the two
Get the next line as an object. If the current line does not start with the string
Get the object at the given index.
Set the object at the given index.
Maintains the queue of objects and removes them from the list if the number of objects
Add a new entry type and its number of arguments. Returns the number of entries added.
Get the entry type for the given entry name.
Get the number of arguments for an entry of a given type.
Returns the entry argument with the given number.
Set the context classloader for the given thread. The thread will be set to the given classloader
Swaps the two values of a and b. The values are swapped in place.
Returns the node with the given index.
Clean up a timeout extimpl object.
Loads a class from the given classname. If resolve is true the class will be resolved.
Preloads all the protocols. This method is intended to be called from the UI thread.
Create a new urlstreamhandler with the given protocol.
Check if the current handler packages are the same as the last one in the system properties.
Get the value of the current token in the context class loader. If the current token is
Creates the implementation of the set. If the delegate is already a hashset the delegate is
Creates a synchronized version of the given counter. This method is designed to be used by the
Returns a counter that can be used to increment or decrement the counter. If increasing is true
Returns true if the namespacestack contains at least one element in the extension namespace
This method is called when a notification is received from the client. It is called by the
Get an object instance from an object name.
Substitutes the given string from the given string buffer using the given map.
Splits a string into an array of strings using a specified delimiter.
Joins the given byte array into a single string.
This method is the default implementation of toString that appends the class name and hash code of the
Get the current value as a blockingmode object.
Creates the hashmap. This method is thread - safe and should not be called directly.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if the key is not associated with a
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Remove the entry with the given key from the map and destroy it if it exists.
Flushes the map to the backing store. This method is thread - safe.
Returns a list of all keys in the map that are currently set to be considered valid.
Sets the resolution of the timer. The resolution must be less than or equal to the number
Returns the entry associated with the given key or null if there is no entry associated with the
Returns an iterator over the children of the given element whose tag name matches the given tagname.
Returns the first child with the given tagname. If there are multiple children with the same tagname
Get the first child with the given tag name or null if no such child exists.
Returns the content of an element as a string. If the element is null returns the default
Get the content of a unique child of the given element with the given tag name.
Get the content of the first child with the given tag name or null if no such child
Sets the maximum number of queues in the queue.
Sets the blocking mode. If the name is invalid it will be set to the abort mode
Set the blocking mode to the given string. If the string is not a valid blocking mode
Executes the task with the given wrapper. If an exception is thrown the wrapper will be rejected
Resolve an external system identifier.
Resolve an external public id using the given resolver. If no resolver is found null is returned
Query the server and return a resolver object that can be used to resolve the response.
Append a vector to the end of a vector.
Resolve all system ids to the given system id. The system id must be in the form
Resolve a system identifier in reverse order. The system identifier is assumed to be in the form
Resolve all the local system identifiers for the given system id. If the system id is not
Read a catalog from the specified fileurl.
Reads a catalog from the given inputstream.
Establishes a connection to the file. If the file does not exist throws an exception
Get the outputstream for this connection. The stream will be closed when the connection is closed
Remove a node from the list if it is the same as b and f is the same
Returns the value of this header or null if this header is not a valid header.
Creates a snapshot of the current value. If the current value is null null is returned.
Creates a log entry for this class. If the log entry already exists it is returned.
Append a list of JBoss objects to a JBoss string builder.
Returns the class s short name without the package name.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Returns an iterator over the property names in the properties file.
Get the property group with the given name.
Returns a constructor that can be used to create a new instance of the given type with the
Creates a copy of the given object. The object will be serialized and written to the output
Dereference an object and cast it to the expected type.
Initializes the context. This method is called when the context is initialized. This method is called
Update the jndicache with the given name and value. If the given name is
Returns a set of the keys in this context.
Returns a hashset that contains all the entries in this context. If includedefaults is true
Removes a property listener.
Fires a propertyadded event to all listeners in the list.
Fires a propertyremoved event to all listeners in the list.
Fires a propertychanged event to all listeners in the list.
Fires a propertychanged event.
Make a property name with the given base and prefix. If prefix is non - null the
Load properties from a property reader.
Loads a property from the given classname.
Get the property group for the given index. The index must be greater than or equal to
Returns true if the entity has been resolved. If the entity has not been resolved returns false
Resolve the systemid to an input source. This method is called when the systemid is
Resolve the systemid as a URL. This method is called when the systemid is null
Resolve the classpath name from the systemid. If trace is true then the systemid is
Sets the text of the current node. The text is assumed to be in the form of
Normalizes a public ID. The public ID is normalized by replacing all characters in the public ID
Encode the public id with the URN and return the encoded public id. The URN
Decode an URN into a public ID.
Replace all occurrences of oldstr with newstr in str. If oldstr is not found
Starts the timer. If the timer is already running it will be reset. If the timer
Stops the timer and returns the number of milliseconds elapsed since the last call to this method.
Wrap a stopwatch in a synchronized object.
Compares this hash code with the given object. The object must be of the same type as
Generates a hash code from the given byte array.
Generates a hash code for an array of objects.
Creates a new map and a list. The map and list will be initialized with the current
Set the value of the field.
Returns the next token from the token stack or null if there are no more tokens.
Initializes the date formatter. This method is called by the JVM when it is first called.
Adds a vertex to the graph. If the vertex already exists it is not added to the
Sets the root vertex of the graph. If the graph contains the given vertex it will be
Removes a vertex from the graph. If the vertex is the root vertex it will be removed
Performs a depth - first search of the graph starting at vertex v and calls the given visitor
Computes the DFSSPanningtree for the given vertex and its outgoing edges using the
Returns the vertex with the given data or null if there is no vertex with the given data
Returns an array of all cycles in the graph. The order of cycles is determined by the
Normalizes the given string. If canonical is true the string is converted to a canonical form.
Parse an XML string into an element. The XML string is read from the input stream.
Parse the given XML stream and return the root element.
Parse the given input source and return the root element. The input source is assumed to be
Create a new element with the given localpart.
Resolve a qualified name into a qname object. The qualified name must be in the form of
Copy the attributes of the source element to the destination element.
Returns true if the node has at least one child element of node. element_node.
Returns an iterator over the child elements of the given node.
Returns the text content of the given node.
Returns an iterator over all child elements of the given node with the given name.
Returns the parent element of the given node or null if the node does not have a parent
Add a resource to be waiting for a resource to be added to the pool. If the
Read a catalog from a file.
Get the address of the local host.
Set system property class value.
Display information about the given class in the given stringbuffer. This is useful for debugging.
Describes the given class and its interfaces. If the class is null the class name is
Strips the package name from a class name.
Returns the package name from the given class name.
Forceload a class. This method will throw an exception if the class is null.
Returns the wrapper class for the given type. If the type is not a primitive throws an
Get all interfaces of the given class and all superclasses.
Returns an array of all the interfaces of the given class and all superclasses.
isprimitivewrapper returns true if the given type is a primitive wrapper.
Instantiate an object of the given class. If the class is not assignable from the given expected
Returns the getter for the given attribute of the given class. If the attribute does not exist
Returns a method that can be used to set the value of an attribute of a class.
converttojavaclass is a class not foundexception. This is
Get a system property with a privileged action. If the property is not set the default
Returns the filenames for the given property. If the property does not exist an empty array is
Maintains the internal state of the set by removing all objects from the queue.
Returns an iterator over the objects in this set. If there are no objects in the set
Create a new urllister for the given protocol.
Returns a set containing the entries in this set that are grouped by this group.
Add a property listener that will be notified of changes to the properties of this component.
Remove the bound property listener from the list of listeners.
Checks if a string is null or empty.
Defines the property editor findeditor for the given type.
Register a property edititor with the given name. The type and editortypename must
Convert a string value to an object of the given type.
Get the context classloader for the given thread.
If the throwable is an applicationdeadlockexception return it. Otherwise return null.
Schedule a new timeout to be executed at the given time. If the timeout is already scheduled
Doworks the work from the queue until the queue is empty or the cancelled flag
Creates a new subcontext with the given name. The new context will be the same as
Lookup an object by name and type.
Checks if the given object is assignable from the given class.
Append the class and its interfaces to the given stringbuffer.
Returns the allowed transition with the given name or null if there is no transition with the given
Read the properties from the classpath.
Query the verbosity of the application.
Checks if the catalog name is allowed in the properties file. If not the default value is
Get the list of catalog files from the system properties or the default catalog files.
Get the list of catalog files.
Query whether or not to use the public preference for this property. If the property is not
query usestaticcatalog from system properties or from resources.
Resolve an inputsource from a publicid to a systemid. If the systemid is
Resolve the given href to a source. If the given base is null then the base is
Makes the given URI absolute. If the given URI is null it is assumed to be an
Resolve the given objectstreamclass into a Java class object.
Invoke the setter with the given string value. This method will throw an exception if the setter
Get the local name of the given element.
Get the namespace URI of the given node. If the node is not an element this method
Get the namespace URI of the given element.
Convert an enumeration to a list.
Returns an inputstream for the given filename.
Load properties from the specified file into the specified properties object.
Read properties from the input stream.
Adds an edge from this node to e. Returns true if the edge was added false otherwise
Adds an outgoing edge between this vertex and the given to vertex with the given cost.
Adds an incoming edge between this vertex and the given vertex with the given cost.
Returns true if the given edge is hased between this node and e.
Removes an edge from the graph.
Returns the edge of the given destination vertex or null if there is no such edge.
Returns the edge of the given type if it is an outgoing edge of this type.
Returns the cost of the edge between this vertex and dest. If there is no such edge
Writes a jar file to the output stream. If the source is a directory it will write
Returns true if at least one iterator in the list has a next element.
Fires an event on this thread. The event is passed to the code_fire_
Installs a JVM type provider into the given resourceset.
Dispatch an action on the JavaFX application thread. If the platform is a JavaFX application
Returns a stream of actions of the given type.
Returns a stream that contains the strict manytoone of the rights in the given collection.
Returns a stream of t2 pairs where the first pair is the left and the second is
Returns true if the user is allowed to see the robots. txt file in the page.
Checks that the instruction generated by the drinkmaker should be the given command.
Returns the sum of the degree of the words in the set.
Returns a copy of the given args with all the super - class arguments removed.
Informs the loader that a new jdbcresourceloader has been loaded.
Checks if the data source is valid. If it is a valid data source this method will
Construct a list of objects of the given type.
connectjdbconwithurlanddriverandusernameandpassword.
Run the given SQL in the given database.
Query the database in the specified database with the specified SQL. If the specified SQL is null
Add an example filter to the query. If the object is null it will be ignored.
Called when the database is about to be upgraded to a new version.
Dump the contents of this table to a CSV file and save it to the given database.
Restores the contents of the CSV file to the database.
Sets the text to be displayed in the empty list view.
Dumps the table to a CSV file in the specified database using the specified suffix.
Unescapecsv unescapecs the quote character in the given string.
Get a list of values from a row of a CSV file.
Returns a hashmap from the given CSV pairs. The keys are the column names and the
Convert a map into a string with the keys and values of the map as keys and values
Join a list of strings into a single string.
Join an array of strings into a single string.
Read a database model from an index file.
Write the current database info to the given printwriter.
Inspects the id field of the entity model. If the id field is not set it
Get the basedaomodel for the given entity.
Returns the bindtype of the converter.
Import data from a CSV file into a database.
Backup all tables in the system with the given suffix. Return true if all tables successfully backup
Restore all tables from a CSV file.
Writes the index file to the output stream.
Creates a new query from the current query and the given entity manager. The query will be
Create a typedquery from this query.
Render the query into a query string.
Delete the record with the given id. If the id is null then nothing is done.
Saves an object into the database. If the object already exists it will be inserted. Otherwise
Update an object in the database. If the object is not an object it will be created
Add a where not in clause to the query.
Add a subquery to the query.
Returns the next stack - 255 frame.
Get the top of the stack as an empty intention stack. Should only be used for
Adds a plan to the set of belief assignments. If the plan is null nothing is
Selects a plan according to the given planselection policy. If no policy is specified the
Selects a plan at random from the set of known belief assignments.
Sets the planvariables of the given plan instance based on the given belief results.
Returns the belief at the given index or null if the index is out of bounds.
Returns a copy of the parents of this node in the order they appear in the tree.
Returns the children of this node as an array of bytes.
Grows the length of the given byte array by the given amount. If the given byte
Creates a new logger with the given name and level and file.
Move forward by one step in the stream. If the stream is empty no action is taken
Set the goals.
Pause for user input.
Initialize the intentionselection pools.
Initializes the intentionselector threads.
Start all intentionselector threads.
Shuts down all intentionselection threads.
Register a jillextension extension.
Reset the state of the class to its initial state. This is called when the class is
Load a number of agents from an objectcatalog. This method is used to load the agents
Process the plans for a given goal type.
Create the agents in the objectcatalog with the given number of agents.
Load a class by name and check that it is assignable from the given classtype.
Creates a new instance of jillextension for the given classname.
Returns true if obj1 is equal to obj2 false otherwise.
Returns a string with the usage of the application.
Parse the command - line arguments into a number of arguments.
Parse the given argument with the given option and store the result in the global constant.
Evaluate the given query on the given beliefbase and log its execution time.
Returns the object at the given index or null if the index is out of bounds.
Returns the object with the given name or null if no object with the given name exists.
Pushes an object onto the stack. If the object is null this method does nothing.
Returns the object at the given index or null if there is no object at that index.
Pushes an object onto the end of the stack.
Removes and returns the last object in the list. If the list is empty returns null.
Get the type of the given object.
Returns true if the belief and aquery match.
This is the main method of the beliefbase example. It runs the beliefbase
Converts a string to a byte array. If the string is null returns an empty byte array
Post a new goal on the stack. The goal will be pushed onto the stack and flag
Sends a message to the agent with the given id.
Send a message to an agent.
Returns a byte array containing the goals in this line. The goals are stored in
Create a new belief field on this object.
Add a new belief to this node.
Evaluate the given query against the current belief base and store the result in the lastresult
Suspends the agent with the given flag set to true. If true the agent will
Returns the field with the given name or null if no field with the given name exists.
Register the given number of male neighbouring belief names.
Build a random name.
This method is run in a separate thread. It is not thread - safe. It is
Checks if the agent execution stack is valid. If the stack is null returns false. Otherwise
Remove all the finished agents from the active agents set.
Manages the goal of an agent. This is called when the agent is about to
This method is called when the pool is shutting down. This method is called when the pool
Set whether an agent is idle or not.
Moves the pin a to pin b. Pina and pinb must be in the range
This method is used to initialize a new instance of this class. This method should be called
Wait until the thread is idle.
Finishes the execution of the application. This method should be called at the end of the
Returns true if at least one pool is idle. If at least one pool is idle returns
Returns the poolid for the given agentid.
Picks an expression from the stack.
Sets the expression that will be used to evaluate the value of this expression. If the expression
Joins the attribute with the attribute from the from expression and returns the path to the attribute.
Recursively joins the properties starting at the given index with the given join. If the index is
Find or create a join.
Returns true if the cursor is at the end of the range. If the cursor is at
Get the next uploadstream from the request.
This method is called when a request is received from the client. It is called by the
Returns true if the request has a parameter with the given name and value.
Returns the value of the parameter with the given name or null if there is no such parameter
Parses the given expression into a map of parameter names to their respective values.
This method is called to set the configuration of the transaction manager. This method should be called
Get the target file for the given artifact name and loginfo.
Writes an artifact to a temporary file. If the target file does not exist it will be
This method is called after processing a managedclassspi object. This method is called after the
Returns the declared constructor of the given implementation class or null if the class is null.
Builds the string representation for the given descriptor.
Get a method from an interface. If the method is not found return the given method.
Returns the type of the given field if it is a list. Otherwise returns null.
Get the value of a dependency of a managed class. This method will return null if the
This method is called when the entity is persisted. This method is called when the entity is
Set the default link for the given rel.
Sets the default linktemplate for the given rel. If the href is null the default link
handlelinks is a helper method that handles the response of a HEAD request. It
Handle the links from the response headers and add them to the links map. The linktemplates
Handle links in the body of a message.
parselinkobject - Parselinks an object node into linksforrel and link
Get or create a map with the given key or create a new map if it doesn t
Handle the response of the CAPABILITY HTTP request.
Returns true if the given method is allowed to be called.
Register all instance processors.
Register an instance factory for a given class type.
Register an instanceprocessor. This method will throw an exception if the instanceprocessor is already registered
Register a classprocessor. This method will throw an exception if the classprocessor is already registered
Adds an argument to the command.
Method createtargetfilelist.
Convert the object to an XML string.
Initializes this builder with the given context and variables. This method is called by srcgen4
Check if a template file has a reference to another template file in a given template directory.
Create a parameterizedtemplatemodel from the specified XML reader.
Create a parameterized template model from a file.
Sets the request path. If the request path is null the current method name is used.
Returns an observable sequence that can be used as an observable sequence. The observable sequence will be
Convert a string into an object of the given type.
Sets the value of the given field to the given instance.
Add a capturetologger appender to the given logger.
Remove the appender with the given name from the given logger.
Clear the capture of the appender with the given name. The appender will be removed from the
Parse the model. This method will throw an illegalstateexception if the model is invalid.
Resolve all proxies in the resourceset. This is done by checking if all proxies are unresolved
Returns an array of files in the given directory.
Parse the given directory and its sub - directories. If there are no files in the directory
Returns true if the resourceset has been fully resolved.
Find all alerobjects in the given resourceset.
Sets the list of files to look for. If null is passed the list will be set
Sets the file extensions.
Sets the list of model resources that should be loaded.
Reads the next record from the input stream and splits it into parts and sets the partindex
Sets the parametername to the array of strings in the form of an array of strings.
Convert a string to an object of the given type.
Merge a template into a single generated file.
Get the canonical path to the model directory.
Get the canonical path to the template directory.
Write the document to the outputstream.
Start the webview.
This method is called when a new window is created. This method is called when a new
Print the contents of a webview to the screen.
Writes the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream.
Invoke a method on an interface.
Attaches the HTTP servlet request and response to the servlet context.
Detaches this instance from the context. This method is called when the context is detached.
Returns the cookies associated with this request.
Dumps the HTTP request information to the log.
Get the list of meter values for all the managed methods in the container.
Sets the secret key keepaliveperiod and parameters from the given eventstream config.
Sets the remote host. If the string is null then a new ID will be generated.
Returns the parameter with the given name converted to the given type.
Removes the prefix from the given path if it is present.
Returns the common parent of dir1 and dir2 or null if dir1 and dir2
Convert an absolute path to a relative path.
Convert a relative path to an absolute path.
Returns the directory depth of the given file.
Dumps an error to the log. This method is called when an error occurs during a request
Send a JSON object to the client and set the appropriate status code and content length.
Adds a parameterizedtemplate model to the list of paramtemplates.
Adds a list of parameterized templates to the list of parameters.
Initializes the parameterized template model with the given context and variables. This method is called by the
Find all the parameterizedtemplates that refer to a templatefile in a given templatedir.
Sets whether or not the save button should be displayed or not.
Delete the file.
Invoked when the endpoint is about to be deleted. This method is called when the endpoint is
Creates a new instance of the managed class with the given arguments.
Returns an array of all the files in the result set sorted according to the filecomparator
Get a summary of the results of this query.
Get the summary row for a given directory. The summary row includes the number of times the
Get the summary row for a sub - directory of a given file.
Creates a new instance of the class represented by the given managedclass. The managedclass must
Get the setup class.
Returns a list of all the files in the model directory. If the modelpath property is
Returns a list of all the model resources that are defined in the modelpath property.
Sets the collection of candidates for this entity type.
Load the configuration from the given inputstream using the given loader. The loader will be called
Called when an error occurs. Shows a notification with the error message.
Returns true if the formal parameter is an object type.
Reads the request body and returns an array of objects of the specified type. The input stream
Read an object from the given inputstream. The inputstream is expected to be a JSON
Extract the parameter from a fitcell.
Get the hints for this query.
Returns true if the request is an XHR request. If the request is an XHR
Returns true if the request is for the Android user agent false otherwise.
Handle the message received from the client. If the message received from the client is the same
Returns a list of all properties of the given beantype that are annotated with the given annotation
Returns the annotation of the given property on the given beantype. If no annotation is found
Log a message to the server s logger.
Perform a whois lookup with the given domain and timeout. This method will return a who
Tells JRuby whois has a parser for the given whoishost string.
Get the managedclassspi for the given interface name. If the interface does not exist or
Get the managedmethod for the given methodname in the given managedclass. If the method
Process not containsexception.
Process a string that does not contain the given string in the given map of parameters.
Serialize the HTTP servlet response to the output stream.
Returns the value of the cookie with the given name or null if there is no cookie with
Adds a cookie with the given name and value. The name and value must not be null
Removes the cookie with the given name from the response.
Returns an iterator over the cookies contained in this response.
Gets the targetfilelistproducer.
Adds a new field to the constant pool.
Compiles the given class into a Java class. If the class has not been compiled yet it
Verify that the response is the same as the one in the tokenedimagefiles map.
Returns the file name as a string. The file name will be converted to lower case and
Ensure the trailingslash of a URI.
Get the current http servlet request.
Invoke a method on the target object. If the target object is a transactional object this method
executesemutabletransaction for managedmethod spi.
executeimmutabletransaction - executeimmutabletransaction - executeim
Returns an array of all files in the directory that match the filter. If no files match
Returns the last file in the directory that matches the filter or throws an exception if there are
Get the concreteconfig from the given parser config. If the concreteconfig is null
Returns true if the request path starts with the path component.
Returns a list of factories that can be used to create an artifact of the given type.
Returns the httpsession associated with the instancekey. If there is no session associated with the
Serialize the HTTP servlet response to the output stream.
Read the meta data from the server.
This method is called when a request is received from the client. It is called by the
Closes the underlying database connection and releases any resources associated with it. This method should be called
This method is called when the event stream is no longer empty. This method does nothing if
Handles the allowed methods for the endpoint.
Upload the blob to the server.
Delete a file from the remote server.
Extract the column parameters from a fitrow.
Returns an array of the names of the arguments in the command line.
Schedules a period of time for the given period. The period is the number of seconds to
Timeout the given task. If the task is already running it will be cancelled. If the
Set the configuration of the repository.
Returns the next file in the list.
Configures the application. This method is called when the application is started. This method is called
Prints the welcome banner to the standard out.
Prints the stopped banner to the standard output.
Creates a new instance of the chameleon.
Register a hook to stop the chameleon instance when it is stopped.
Trigger the tray notification.
Trigger the endpoint. This method is called when the endpoint is about to be triggered.
Insert a new row into the table and replace the existing row with the new row.
Get the counts of all the files in the result set.
setter for casfeatcode_score - sets
getter for variants - gets
setter for variants - sets
getter for questiontype - gets
setter for questiontype - sets
getter for token - gets
getter for deplabel - gets
setter for deplabel - sets
getter for semantictype - gets
setter for semantictype - sets
getter for sections - gets
setter for sections - sets
indexed getter for sections - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for sections - sets an indexed value -
getter for casfeatcode_uris - gets
setter for casfeatcode_uris - sets
getter for types - gets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab.
setter for concepttypes - sets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab
getter for targettype - gets
setter for targettype - sets
getter for rank - gets
setter for rank - sets
getter for querystring - gets
setter for querystring - sets
getter for candidateanswers - gets
setter for candidateanswers - sets
indexed getter for candidateanswers - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for candidateanswers - sets an indexed value -
getter for casfeatcode_query - gets
setter for casfeatcode_query - sets
getter for hitlist - gets
setter for hitlist - sets an array of objects of type uima. julielab
indexed getter for hitlist - gets an indexed value -
indexed setter for hitlist - sets an indexed value -
getter for abstractquery - gets
setter for abstractquery - sets
getter for casfeatcode_searchid - gets
setter for casfeatcode_searchid - sets
setter for docid - sets
getter for casfeatcode_offsetinbeginsection - gets
setter for casfeatcode_offsetinbeginsection - sets
getter for casfeatcode_offsetinendsection - gets
setter for casfeatcode_offsetinendsection - sets
getter for beginsection - gets
setter for casfeatcode_beginsection - sets
getter for casfeatcode_endsection - gets
setter for casfeatcode_endsection - sets
getter for casfeatcode_aspects - gets
setter for casfeatcode_aspects - sets
getter for triple - gets
setter for triple - sets
getter for oursourcerelation - gets the value of oursourcerel
setter for sklearn. julielab. uima. Sourcerelation
getter for subject - gets
setter for subject - sets
getter for predicate - gets
setter for predicate - sets
getter for isobjuri - gets true if the triple is an object URI false otherwise.
setter for isobjuri - sets
getter for operator - gets
setter for operator - sets
getter for operatorargs - gets
setter for operatorargs - sets
getter for concept - gets
getter for casfeatcode_score - gets
getter for gettext - gets
setter for text - sets
getter for casfeatcode_id - gets
setter for casfeatcode_id - sets
getter for casfeatcode_name - gets
getter for abbreviation - gets
setter for abbreviation - sets
setter for concept - sets
getter for variants - gets
setter for variants - sets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab.
getter for namedentitytypes - gets
setter for namedentitytypes - sets
getter for concepttype - gets
setter for concepttype - sets
getter for occurrences - gets
setter for occurrences - sets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab.
getter for concepts - gets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab.
setter for concepts - sets A collection of objects of type uima. julielab.
getter for originaltext - gets
setter for originaltext - sets
getter for args - gets
setter for args - sets
getter for casfeatcode_label - gets
setter for casfeatcode_label - sets
Returns the index of the next clear bit in the set.
Sets the bit at the given index to true if the bit at that index is set to
Free the given byte buffer. This method is called when the buffer is no longer needed.
Create a new instance of a cache value.
Rehashes the given array of objects and returns a new array of the same size.
Converts the list of monomers into a 2 - letter Helm notation.
Checks if there is a bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket bracket
Add details from a string to the internal data structures. This is done by splitting the string
tohelm2 returns the helm2 representation of this unit.
Adds an element to the element list.
Checks if the polymerid is a valid polymerid.
Checks if the given polymerid is a connection to the current polymerid.
Checks to see if there is a connection in the given string. If there is a connection
Checks if the group id matches the given string. If it does it returns true. Otherwise
Checks if the given string matches the regular expression. If it does it returns true. Otherwise
ispeptideorrna returns true if the string is a peptideorrna
Convert the notation container to a JSON string.
method to get a single polymer from the list of polymers
Gets the current groupingnotation.
Returns the 2 - letter to - helm representation of this CIM object. This is the
polymertohelm2 returns the 2 - letter notation of the PolymerList.
Returns a string representation of the connection list in helm2 notation.
Converts the list of groupings into a 2 - element helm notation.
Returns the string representation of the annotation section as a helm - style string.
method to get the list of all polymer and grouping ids
method to get the polymer object with the given id
Sets the polymerelements attribute of the PolymerElement object.
Convert a string to a doconvert format.
Sets the annotation.
Sets the number of occurrences of the given string. If the string is equal to the default
Decide which monomer notation to use based on the given string and the given type.
method to decide which monomer notation a group is based on the input string. If interval is
Decide which helmentity to use based on the given string.
Get the value as a list of doubles.
parses the given string and returns the state of the state machine. If the string is
Set the RNA contents from the input string.
Define the ambiguity for the given string.
Get statistics about the worker thread.
Creates an adigraph from the given set of edges.
Creates an adigraph from the given nodes and edges.
Initializes the internal map of incoming paths.
Returns a sorted list of nodes in the graph sorted by reachability.
Subscribes to the given pattern and invokes the given methodname on the given class.
Subscribes the server to the given pattern and returns the number of times it was subscribed
Unsubscribe from a pattern.
Return a response from the server. This method is used to return a response from the server
Send a RETURN_SYNC message to the OTP server. This message is sent to the
Poll for a request or block until a request is available or the timeout is reached.
Send a shutdown message to the OTP server. This message will be sent to the O
If the throwable requires non - local handling throw it. If the throwable requires non - local
Unlocks the runstate of this thread. If the runstate is the same as the
Creates a new worker thread. If a worker is created it will be deregistered from the
Try to add a worker to the pool. If the worker is already in the pool it
Register a new worker thread. The worker thread will be started when this method is called.
Deregisters a worker thread. This method is called when a worker thread is no longer
This method is called by the worker thread when it is signaling a work. This method
This method is called by the worker thread when the worker thread is running. The worker thread
Wait for a work to be done. If the workqueue is null or the number of
Returns the common submitter queue for the current thread or null if none is available.
Returns the number of external completion tasks for the given task. If there are no external completion
Submits a task to the pool. The task will be executed in the order they were
Creates a new forkjoinpool with num_ threads and a uncaught exception handler.
Returns a value from the queue or throws an exception if the queue is full. If the
Builds a JSON string from the given code.
Get statistics about the workers in the pool.
Creates an alist from the given elements.
Reverses the order of the elements in this list. The order of the elements is
Returns true if at least one element in the collection satisfies the given predicate false otherwise.
Folds the elements of the given collection into a single value starting with the given value.
Folds the elements of a list to the value of the first element in the list using
Pushes a task onto the tail of the queue.
Creates an option from a nullable value.
Creates an alonghashmap from the given keys and values.
Returns an alistmap with the given equality.
Creates an alistmap from the given keys and values. The returned alistmap is
Creates an alistmap from the given keys and values.
Returns a set of the keys contained in this map.
Normalizes the source name to include the protocol if it is present. If it is not the
Marshals a boundtype to a string.
Returns a subsequence of the specified range of this string. The start and end positions are
Returns a binarysearch implementation for the given list.
Returns a binarysearch implementation that uses the given list to sort the elements using the given comparator
Sends the given email message and returns a future that will be cancelled when the message is sent
Binds the given routebinding to all the routes that match the given HTTP method and version.
Bind a filterbinding to the specified method and path.
Returns true if the tagbody should be displayed.
Convert a long to an int. If the long is greater than integer. max_value
Removes duplicates from an array of strings and returns a new array of the same length.
Returns a string that is like the given string.
dorun is called when the state machine is in a state that is in progress.
Login a user with a password. If the password matches the user the response will contain the
Get the login user model from the request session.
Check if a password matches a salt. The password is assumed to be in hex format.
Save or delete a user s log - in cookie. If save is true the cookie will
Returns the loginkey for the given user IP and user agent.
Returns a cookieuser object for the given uuid or null if the uuid is not valid.
Forward the request to the target path in the given webcontext.
Returns the long value of a request parameter or the default value if the parameter is not present
Log a debug message. If recordcaller is true the message will be logged at the caller
Get information about the caller of the current thread at the given level.
Convert a char array to a byte array.
Converts the given character sequence to a byte array.
Convert a byte array to a char array.
Converts a character sequence to an array of bytes. The first byte will be the first character
Looks up the localedata for the given locale code.
Schedule the job to be called in the given number of seconds. The job will be executed
Crops the given image to a new location. The original image will be copied to the
Schedules the given invocation for the given number of milliseconds.
Invoke the given direct invocation in a separate thread. This method will retry the invocation if it
Gets the rest operations.
Renders an error in the ajax response.
Renders an AJAX forbidden response with the given message and data.
Process a template string using the Freemarker s template engine. The template is
Parse the path from the currentactionpath and the url. If the currentactionpath is
Render the datatables for the given model class.
Render empty datatables.
Sets the list of items that will be displayed on the combobox. If the list is
Sends the response to the given webcontext with the appropriate headers and status code.
Returns a list of all the providers bound to this type in the given injector.
Returns the current method s stack trace as a string. If the stack trace is longer than
Compacts the memory of the JVM.
Propagate the given metrics to the local metricscollection.
Encodes a string into a byte array.
Copy data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Copy data from the inputstream to the outputstream. The data is read from the input
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream using the default encoding.
Copy the contents of the input stream to the output stream. The output stream will be flushed
Copy a number of characters from the input stream to the output stream.
Copy the contents of the reader to the outputstream using the default encoding.
Copy the contents of the input stream to the outputstream using the given encoding.
Compares two inputstreams. The first inputstream is read from the first inputstream and the
Returns true if the reader input1 is less than or equal to the reader input2.
Applies the pipeline to the given io. If the pipeline returns null the io is returned.
Returns the SQL for the given group and SQL ID.
Unmarshals a string into an object of the given class.
Unzips a ZIP file into a directory. If a pattern is specified only files matching
Get an instance of a permission dialog fragment. This method is not thread - safe. It
Called when the dialog is resumed. This method is called when the application is resumed
Add a core value type that will be converted to the given converter.
Returns true if the given value matches the given regular expression.
Returns true if the given string is a mobile phone number false otherwise.
Returns true if the given value is a phone number false otherwise.
Returns true if the given string is a birthday. If the string is a birthday the method
Returns true if the given string is a valid URL.
This method is called by the filter chain in order to execute the web context. This method
Encodes the given string to base64.
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Read UTF - 8 properties from the given inputstream.
Read the content of an inputstream and return it as a string. The stream is closed
Read the content of a file as a string. The content of the file is read as
Writes the given byte array to the given file. The data is written to the given file
Copies the contents of source to target. If target does not exist it will be created.
Serialize a DOM document to a string.
Get the document from the given file. If the file cannot be parsed null is returned.
Get a document from an XML string. If an error occurs during parsing null is returned.
Get the document from the given inputstream.
Returns true if the document has a valid signature for the given public key.
Sign a document with a public key and a private key.
Returns true if the given class is cached safe for the given classloader. If the class is
Returns true if the given class is an array and its component type is a primitive type.
Returns true if the given class is an array and is a primitivewrapper
Resolves the given class if it is a primitive type. If it is a primitive type it
Returns true if the left hand side of the right hand side is assignable from the right
Returns true if the given value can be assigned to the given type.
Returns an array of all interfaces of the given object.
Returns a set of all interfaces that are implemented by the given object.
Create a temp config file and delete it on exit.
Returns a map of the variables in the given URI. If the URI does not contain any
Add a permission to the list of permissions that can be granted to the user. The message
Binds an implementation class to an extension point. The implementation class must be a subclass of the
Returns the built - in object for the given type.
Returns the number of the given type as an object of the given type. If the given
Convert the given object to the given type. If the conversion fails a warning will be logged
Convert a user defined value type to an object of the specified type.
Returns a query parameter of the given type with the given name. If the parameter does not
Create a parameter that returns the value of the cookie with the given name. If the cookie
HTTP session parameter.
Initialize the datasource.
Adds a parameter to the query.
Sets the value of a field to a given value if it is equal to the given value
Show the permission dialog fragment with the given permbean and request code.
Returns true if all values have been granted in the resultmap otherwise returns false.
Returns true if any of the given values is denied by the given resultmap.
Returns a list of records that match the given SQL SELECT.
Returns the first record matching the given SQL SELECT statement.
Returns true if the given pk_column is a new value.
Returns true if the given method declares an exception of the given type.
Process the queue of softvalues and remove them from the queue.
Put a key - value pair into the cache. If the cache already contains a mapping for
Returns true if the string matches the given pattern. If the string does not match the pattern
Read the command - line arguments and return an instance of the given interface class. If the
Returns the protobufentity annotation for the given class or null if the class is not annotated with
Returns true if the given class is a protobufentity or false if it is not.
Returns a hashmap of all protobuf fields of a given class. The keys are field names
Returns the name of the getter for the given protobuf field. The name of the field is
Get the pojosetter name for the given protobufattribute and field.
Get the current objectmapper instance.
Get the json factory instance for this thread. If the thread hasn t been created yet this
Convert an object to a JSON string.
Sets the top right bottom and left borders to the specified values.
Get a userrecord from the database. This method is used to get the userid and credential
Copy out the attributes of the target object from the attributesetters to the target object.
Copy out the attributes from the JMX attributesetters to the target object.
Creates a new frame with the same title and content pane as this frame but with a border
Save the access token and secret to the preferences.
Get the access token from the user s preferences or null if the user is not authenticated.
Returns the default classloader for the current thread or the system classloader if none is available.
Returns the URL of the named resource. If classloader is null the current thread s classloader is
Get a resource as an inputstream. If the resource is not found null is returned.
Get an inputstream for the given class. The stream will be closed after this method returns
Initializes this URI with the values from the given other URI.
Initializes the scheme from the given URI specification.
Initialize the path from a URI specification.
Sets the URI scheme.
Set the userinfo component of the URI.
Sets the host component of the URI.
Set the port number. If the port is - 1 throws a malformeduriexception.
Append a URI path to the current path. If the path already has the same length as
Sets the query string for this URI.
Sets the URI fragment of this URI.
Returns a string representation of the URI scheme and scheme specification part of this URI.
Create a prepared statement from an iterator.
This method is called when the applet is created. This method is called when the applet is
Get the muffin for this string parameter.
Set the value of the muffin parameter.
Returns the contents of the clipboard or null if the clipboard is disabled.
Sets the contents of the clipboard to the given transferable object.
Load all the services of the given type and return a hashmap of their ids.
Set the parameters of a parametrizedoperation. This method is used to set the parameters
Returns a hashmap of the parameters of the given parametrizedoperation.
Returns the parametrizedoperation for the given service id or null if no such service exists
Finds the first instance of the given class in the given collection. If no instance is found
Parse a query string into an object of the given class.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the buffer.
Returns the encoding of the given XML string or null if it is not a valid XML string
Creates a new instance of the given connection object. The connection object will be proxied to the
Gets the authorization token from the given authorization URL.
Visit a packagedeclaration. This method will be called for every node in the tree that is
Visit a classdeclaration. This method will be called for every node in the tree that is
Visit an executabledeclaration. This method will be called for every node in the tree that is
Returns the value of the given key in the given properties. If the key does not exist
Returns a declarationfilter that returns true if all of the given modifiers are contained in the given
Returns a declarationfilter that only accepts declarations of the given type.
Returns a declarationfilter that returns true if this and f are true.
Returns a declarationfilter that returns true if this or f is true for the given declaration.
Returns the map of values. If the map has not been initialized yet it will be initialized
Makes the given constructor accessible if it is not public or it s declaring class is public.
prepareobjectquery - prepare the objectqueryinfo object for a query. This method is called
Replaces all hyphens in origin with hyphens and returns a new string.
Convert an array of bytes to a hex string.
Get the list of indexes for the given field name.
Returns the parsenamed SQL string from the given sql string and the given nameindexmap
Convert a collection of protobuf objects into a new collection of protobuf objects. If the
Set the value of a field in a protobuf builder.
Sets the value of the given protobuf attribute on the given POJO using the given setter.
Returns true if the file should be included in the result set. If the file does not
Get an instance of resultset from the given resultset object. The resultset object will be proxied to
Returns a map of expected labels and their corresponding index in the given list of labels.
Returns the generic generic type at the given index in the given type or null if there is
Polls the queue until it is empty. If the queue is empty this method blocks until
Poll the objects in the queue and return true if all objects have been polled false otherwise
Get a declared field from a class and its superclasses. If the field is not found
Get the declared methods of the given class and all of its superclasses. If recursively is
Returns the declared method with the given name and parameter types. If the method is not found
Returns an array of declared methods that are annotated with the given annotation class.
Returns an array of all declared constructors that are annotated with the given annotation class.
Dumps a single byte to the standard output.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the substring in the string s starting at the specified
Returns a copy of the string s with all of the characters in the chars string removed.
Clean the state of the state machine. This is used to clean up the state of the
Initialize the audit class.
Initialize the message queue.
Initialize the password validator. This method is called when the password validator class is not null.
Method called to initialize the password authenticator. This method is called by the constructor of the class
Returns the resolvelocalecode for the given locale.
Looks up the localeinfo object for the given locale code. If the object doesn t exist
Get an instance of a statement.
Removes all of the elements from this list.
Pops an element off the stack and returns it. If the stack is empty this method
Get the inputstream for this file. If the file does not exist create a new one
Parse the command - line arguments into a properties object. If the properties object is null a
Returns true if the given tokens match the given patterns. If no match is found false is
Move the cursor to the given position.
Returns true if this rectangle encloses the other rectangle.
Returns true if this rectangle contains the given point.
Returns the intersection of this rectangular with the other. If the two rectangles do not
Returns the union of this rectangular and the other rectangular.
Returns a new rectangular with the x - component of this and the x - component of
Returns a new rectangular with the y - component of this and the y - component of
Returns the offset of the column at the specified position in the table. If the column is
Returns the offset of the specified row of the matrix. If the row is out of bounds
Get the bounds of a cell relative to the current viewport.
Calculates the columns of the table based on the columns of the table.
This method calculates the number of rows that need to be calculated based on the number of rows
Returns the throwable that is unwrapthrowable or null if t is unw
The main entry point for the application. This is the entry point for the application. It
This method is called when a code update is received from the server. This method is called
Copies and resizes the codebuffer. This method is called when the codebuffer has been
This method is called at the beginning of the constructor. It is called at the beginning of
Returns a copy of this queryparameter with only the elements that are not in the excludedlist
Adds a new child node to the end of this node s children.
clearchildren is a helper method to clear the list of items that should be deleted
Returns the next element in the internal list or null if there are no more elements.
Adds the given instructions to this function. The instructions are added to the end of this function
Adds the given instructions to the top of the list of instructions and sets the addedtoparent
This method is called when a property is changed. It is called when a property is changed
Register a new workpanel.
Update the present component flags based on the componentmap. This is called when the componentmap
Create a new decimal type with the given name precision scale and minimum and maximum values.
Returns true if the term is a bound or anonymous term. If the term is a variable
Returns a list of instructions that can be used to optimize the given list of instructions.
Compares two collections and returns the index of the first element in c1 to the index of
This method is called when the request is handled by the servlet. It logs the request and
This method is called when the start of a tag is encountered. This method is called when
Render a button.
Resets the state of the model to its initial state. The initial state of the model is
Initializes the model. This method is called when the model is initialized. This method is called
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Returns the index of the given key in the map.
Sets the value at the given index.
Remove the value associated with the given key from the map.
Remove the value at the given index.
Returns true if the object has a property with the given name. If the object has a
Set the value of a property on the given callee object.
Get the value of a property on a given object.
isassignablefromprimitive returns true if the wrappertype can be assigned to the
Initialize this object with the given callee object. This method is called when the callee object is
Decide whether the given state is a decision tree. If the decision tree is not a
Initializelookups is called for each node in the decision tree. This is called
Returns a list of variables that match the query and the query statement.
Unify the left and right terms. The left and right terms are assumed to be variables
Compiles the given clause into a SQL statement.
Finds the maximum number of arguments in a clause.
Allocate the permanent query registers for the given query clause.
Gathers the position and occurrence information for the given clause.
Display the predicate.
Display the given query in the console.
Read a string from a byte buffer.
Get the string value of the field.
Set the value of this attribute to the given string value.
Read a term and write it to the appropriate content handler.
Returns true if the given classname is a loadable class. If the classname is not found
Returns true if the given classname is a subtype of the given parent.
Returns true if parent is a subtype of child.
Returns true if parentclass is a subtype of childclass false otherwise.
Returns the class object for the given classname.
Creates a new instance of the given class.
Creates a new instance of the given class with the given arguments.
Calls a method on an object that overrides illegalaccess. This method is intended to be used
Call a method on an object with an array of parameters.
Call a static method with the given parameters.
Returns the constructor for the given class and arguments. If the class does not have a constructor
Returns a set of all setters that match the given property name in the given object.
Returns a transactional queue that wraps the given queue in a linked list and wraps it in a
Get a transactional queue that will requeue all items in the given queue in a transactional manner
Get the type of an object.
Reset the state of the cache to its initial state. This method is called when the cache
Create a new instance of the class with the given name and minimum and maximum values.
Add a supported time zone to the endpoint.
Adds a new alternated dimension table for the given tzname. If the tzname is
Adds a new dimension to the database.
Performs a depth - first search to find free variables that match the given query.
Performs a depth - first search to find variables that are freenon anonymous.
Compare two searchnodes for equality.
Writes an object to a file.
Read a string from a bufferedinputstream.
Creates a new heuristic searchnode for the given state. The heuristic is used to create the
generatetraceindent returns a string with the given number of indentation. If delta is
Returns true if the given body is the last argument of the given variable or if it is
Choose the best property todecideon for the given examples and input properties.
Create a new functor with the given name and arguments.
Create a new variable with the given name. If the name starts with _ it will be
The executewitherrorhandling method is called when an error occurs during the execution of the
Returns the element at the given index in the list or null if there is no element at
Sets the paint object that will be used to paint the image. The paint object can be
Override paintimmediately to enable double buffering if the buffer is not double buffered.
Creates a bufferedimage of the specified size.
Creates a binary image of the specified size.
Creates a GSurface for the specified pixel bits. The GSurface is
Sets the queuesearch algorithm.
This is the main method of the program. This is the main method of the program.
Returns the clause of the expression.
Returns a list of terms from the source code.
Parse a functor. This is the name of the function and the number of arguments.
Returns a term that represents a variable in the source code. The term is the name of
Integer literal.
The doubleliteral term is a floating point literal that can be used to represent a
Returns a string literal from the current token. The string literal is a string literal with the
Returns the directive that was consumed and null if none was consumed.
Interns an operator in the operatortable with the given priority and associativity
Initializes the built - in variables.
Returns the next token of the given kind or throws an exception if there are no more tokens
Consumes the next token of the given kind. If the next token is of the given
This method is called when the application is bound to the application. It is called by the
Rolls back the transaction to the previous state. This method is called when the transaction is
Collect all elements from the iterator into the target collection.
Calculate the timeofdaytoticks given the time of day minute second and millisecond.
Returns the number of ticks in the past in the past in the past in the past.
Returns the given ticks with the given number of hours set to the given hours.
Returns the given ticks with the given number of minutes rounded down to the nearest minute.
Returns the given ticks with the given number of seconds set to the given value.
Returns the ticks with the year set to the given year.
Returns the specified ticks with the specified month set to the specified value.
Returns the ticks with the given date set to the given date. The ticks will be rounded
Returns the start of the Millisto year for the given year.
Read a block of bytes from the source stream.
Returns the entry for the given key or null if there is no such entry.
Returns the cuckoo entry for the given key or null if there is no such key
Rehashes the hash table so that it can be rehashed later.
This method is called when an action is performed. It is called when an action is performed
Sets whether the next available item in the queue is available. The next available item will be
Sets whether or not the previous available state is available. This is used to determine if the
Sets the finished flag to true if there is data available in the buffer.
Returns a wamresolvingnativemachine for the given symboltable.
Returns an iterator over the set of variables in this scope.
Returns the expected number of probabilities given a set of probabilities. The expected number is the number
Returns the PFordistribution of the given counts.
Sets the year month and day based on the given ticks value.
This method is called when an action is requested. It is called by the servlet to perform
Creates a new url object from a string.
Returns the request information as a string.
Returns the headers of the request as a HTML table. The headers are returned as a string
Get all the cookies in the current request.
Returns the parameter names and values of the current request as a table of HTML code.
Returns the current request scope as a HTML table. The table will contain all of the attributes
Get the HTML representation of the current page scope.
Get the current session scope as a HTML table.
Returns the current application scope as a HTML table. The application scope is defined by the servlet
Returns the principal of the currently logged in user or null if the user is not logged in
This method is called when the start tag of the message is reached. This method is called
Converts a map of values into an HTML table.
Set the current screen state.
Walks the tree starting at the root of the tree starting at the root of the tree
Compares two searchnodes for equality.
Updates the internal registers with the values in the given array. This method is called when the
Notifies all registered property change listeners of the given changes.
This method is called when a clause is left in the query. It is called by the
Returns true if the given context is an intoplevel functor of the parent context.
Sets the arguments for this term.
Returns the fixity associated with this transformation.
Returns true if this matrix associativity is infix.
Compares this symbol to the given object.
This method is called when a property of an object is changed. This method is called when
Register a new workflow controller.
Get the enum attribute factory for the given class.
Creates a component factory for the given class name.
Returns the storage cell of the given variable or null if there is no storage cell.
Returns true if this variable is bound to the current context.
Sets the attributes for the specified column. If the column does not exist it will be created
Sets the attributes for the row with the given index. If the index is greater than the
Returns the attributeset for the specified column or null if the column does not exist.
Returns the attributeset for the given row or null if the row does not exist.
Insert a new cell into the attributeset at the specified coordinates.
Create an instance of a timeonly type with the given name and minimum and maximum values.
Create a new string pattern type with the given name maximum length and pattern.
Returns true if the given character sequence is an instance of this class.
Creates the initial context for a term.
Updates the registers of this WAM memory layout with the contents of the given WAM memory
Get the string representation of this variable.
Returns the path to the goal of the current node. If the node does not exist this
Returns a list of items in the cache with the given block number. The list will be
Get the properties of a resource. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Set the hertz rate of the sound. The default value is 1. 0.
Reads a block of bytes from the remote source into the given byte array.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position in the source stream.
Gathers the disjunctions from a list of expressions.
Read an int from a byte array at a specific offset.
Writes an int value to a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order.
Write a 24 bit int to a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Read a 24 bit integer from a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order
Read a short from a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order.
Writes a short value to a byte array at a specific offset in big - endian order.
Returns the state of the child of this treesearchstate for the given operator.
Returns an iterator over the valid operators in the tree.
Returns the id of the node. This is the id of the node in the tree.
Get the value of the field as a string.
Sets the value of this attribute to the given value.
Converts a list of strings to an array of strings using the specified delimiter.
Converts an array of strings to a list of strings with the given delimiter.
Returns the first letter of each part of the given name with the first letter capitalized.
List all the handlers in the given array and append them to the given stringbuffer.
Returns the wamcallpoint for the given functorname. If no wamcallpoint exists
Add a wamcallpoint to the symbol table. The offset and length of the wam
Returns true if the given category is a subcategory of the current category.
Returns the id of the node. This is the id of the node in the tree.
Get the value of the attribute at the given level.
Returns the last value in the path.
Writes an object to the outputstream.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Computes the h - value of a heuristic search node.
Returns the modulo of the given value. If the value is less than the number of buckets
Adds a userreadable error message to the list of errors.
Writes a string to the output stream.
Classify the given state into a map of attribute names and their ordinal values.
Compares two elements according to the partial ordering.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the set. The returned iterator is a distributediterator that
intlogbase2 returns the integer log base of the second argument. If the second argument
Convert an integer to the logarithm of the base 2. This is the inverse of the
Returns the integer logarithm of the given value in base 10.
Returns the value in the base - 10 representation of the given integer using the base - 10
Returns the integer log10 of the given value. The value is rounded to the nearest power
Returns the integer logarithm of the given value in base 10.
Returns the number of characters in the string that are represented as an unsigned 32 - bit integer
Returns the number of characters in the string that are represented by the given 64 - bit value
Returns the number of characters in the decimal part of the given integer value.
Sets the head of the list of instructions to be executed at the beginning of the list.
Emmit the given byte buffer using the given wammachine and callpoint.
Set the current workflow screen. This method is called when the current workflow screen is changed.
Returns true if the expression evaluates to true. If the expression evaluates to false it returns false
Returns an iterator for the given key. The base is the base key the modifier is the
Create the array properties. This method is called when the properties of an array are created.
Set the hertz rate of the sound. The default value is 1. 0.
Evaluates the given number type and returns the result as a new object of the given type.
Find the properties of this class.
Get the properties for the system property. This method is overridden in subclasses to provide additional information
Get the properties using the classpath.
Get properties using the current working directory.
Leave a functor in the body of a clause or a functor in the parent context
Get the term of this expression.
Sets the substitution term to bind to.
Creates a new priority queue. The queue will be sorted according to the number of nodes in
Close the output stream and release any resources associated with it. This method should only be called
Append a loggingevent to the buffer. If the buffer is null nothing is written.
Starts the connector thread.
Initialize the printers that will be used to print the output of the symbol table.
Resets the transaction id to its default value. This method is called when the transaction is committed
Rolls back the transaction. This method is called when the transaction has been rolled back.
Request a write operation. This method is called when a write operation is requested for a transaction
Add a cached write operation to the cache for the given transaction id.
Acquires a global writelock for the given transaction id. This method is safe for concurrent
Release global write lock.
Enlist with the current transaction session.
Enter a ruleset node. If there are no more than num_ children the ruleset node is
Inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue waiting up to the specified wait time for
Retrieves an element from the queue waiting up to the specified wait time. If the queue is
Put an element into the queue. If the queue is full the element will be added to
Returns the next object from the source.
Returns the value of the specified property as a boolean or null if the property does not exist
Returns the value of the specified property as an integer or null if the property does not exist
Returns the value of the specified property as a long. Returns null if the property is not
Call a mixin with the given name and arguments.
Creates an inclusivenodevisitor that adds all of the nodes in the tree.
Backtrack the unexamined successor count for a given searchnode.
Retrieve the code for a given wamcallpoint from the codebuffer.
Execute an andextractbindings query and return the result as a set of variable objects.
Decode the heap.
Capture the current state of the event. This method is called when the event is captured.
Restores the state of the object to its original state. This method is used to restore
Get an object from the hashmap for the given class and attribute. The object will be
Put an object into the hashmap. If the object is not an instance of the class
Returns a collection of all the field names of the given class.
Execute the mojo. This method will be called when the mojo is executed.
Inserts an element into the queue. If the queue is full the element is added to the
Creates a new searchnode with the given state. This node will be added to the search
Creates a queue of nodes. The queue will be sorted according to the uniform cost comparator.
Creates a new termwalker that walks the tree starting from the root of the tree
Returns a termwalker that walks the tree starting at the goal of the given unary
Returns a termwalker that traverses the term tree starting at the given context change visitor
Returns a termwalker that walks forward until the given unarypredicate evaluates to true.
Returns a termwalker that traverses the positional term tree using the given visitor.
Get properties from an input stream.
Get the properties of the given file. The properties are read from the given file object.
Get the properties of the given URL.
Get properties from a file or directory.
Computes the width and height of the separator dimension.
Initialize the font metrics.
Adds a propertychangelistener to the list of property changes that will be performed on the
Adds a propertychangelistener to the list of property changes that will be performed on the
Remove a propertychangelistener.
Fires a propertychange event.
Create a new instance of the class with the given name and minimum and maximum values.
Perform a fade - out of a group. This method is called when a group has been
Shows the horizontal bar of the dialog.
shows the left bar on the left side of the dialog
Show the right bar on the right side of the dialog.
Returns a map of sanitizer adiocontrols keyed by the control name.
Waits for the specified time to elapse. If the time elapses the method blocks until
Waits for the specified time to elapse. If the timeout is reached the thread will be
Execute the mojo. This method will be called when the mojo is executed.
Appends the classpath elements to the given command line.
Create a new instance of the dateonly type with the given name dateonly from and date
Prints the introduction of this class to the standard out.
Initializes the command line reader.
Evaluates the given sentence. If the sentence is a query evaluate the query. Otherwise evaluate the
Evaluate the query and return the result.
Returns the multitypedata for the given boolean.
Returns the multitypedata for the given byte.
Returns the multitypedata for the given character.
Get the multitypedata for the given short.
Get the multitypedata for the given index.
Returns the multitypedata for the given number of bytes.
Get the multitypedata for a given Fourier transform.
Get the multitypedata for a given distance.
Get the multitypedata object for the given string.
Get the multitypedata for the given object.
Sets the value of the named attribute in the current page context. This method is intended to
Clear the range from the given key to the end of the range. If the key is
Expands a key in the hash table. This is used to ensure that the key is
Internal method to insert a character at a given position in the table.
Compares two searchnodes based on their cost. The cost is determined by comparing the path cost
Parse all the operators in the term array and return the result as a new term object.
Get the set of operators matching the given fixity name.
Checks if a candidate opsymbol has one of the given fixities. If not an exception
Create a new node from this node and a successor node. The successor node will be the
Returns a string containing all the errors that occurred during the execution of the command. This is
Get the options in force for the command line tool.
Returns the usage string for the command.
Adds the trailing properties to the given properties object. The trailing properties will be added to the
Adds the optionstoproperties from the given properties object.
Adds an option to the command line.
Check if the matched argument is a valid format for the option. If it is a valid
Compares two iterators and returns an error message if they are not. The mapping function is used
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this tag.
Returns an array of the options of this tokenizer. The options are the stemmer named entities
Set the selected stemmer.
Get the actual stemmer.
Returns the stem of the given word or null if the word is not stemmed.
Entry point for the command - line script.
Create an instance of the class with the given name and minimum and maximum values.
Reset the state of the cache to its initial state. This method is called when the cache
Returns a string representation of the current traceenvframe.
Returns a string representation of the choice frame at the current position in the data buffer.
Call an internal function. This is called by the user code when a function is called.
Returns the next stack frame in the stack or - 1 if there is no next stack frame
This method is used to backtrack the current state of the state machine. This method is
Truncate the instruction at the given address. This is used to make sure that the instruction is
Unwinds the trail of a pair of integers.
Tidy up the trail of the table. This method is used to clean up the table
Returns true if the two integers are the same and false if they are the same.
Unify a constant at the given address in the given function. If the address is a
Returns the string representation of the given slot in the given mode.
Get the start state of the random number generator.
Returns true if the given state is an issolvable state.
Returns the childstate for the given operator.
Returns an iterator over the valid operators.
Returns a string representation of the board.
Determines if swaptiles should be swaptiles of the specified rectangle.
Convert a string to a list of characters.
Returns the eightpuzzlestate of the given list of characters.
Convert a logrecord to a tolog4j message.
Returns the log4j level corresponding to the given log4j level.
Adds an element to the requeue queue. If the queue is full the element will be
Adds an element to the requeue queue. If the queue is full the element will be
Increments the size and count of the given record by one and increments the count.
Decrements the size and count of the given record by one and decrements the count.
Signal on size crossing.
Returns the list of names for the given name. If the name is the same as the
List all bindings with the given name.
Add a property value to the environment.
Remove the value of the specified property from the environment. If no such property exists null is
Rungctillstable is a thread - safe implementation of the rungctillstable
literal | color | multidimension | dimension | string
Add a resolvemixin reference to the current node.
Push a variablereference to the stack. If the parser translation is not enabled this
Sets the maximum height of a row in the table. If the row has already been set
Update the maximum width of a column. If the column is already at the maximum width then
makenode is called when the successor node is a heuristic search node. The successor node
This method is called by the servlet to execute the action. It is called by the servlet
Substitute the builtins in the given clause with the interner symbol table.
Initialises the symbol table for a term. This is used to initialize the symbol table for
Walks the given clause to see if it is a toplevel check clause. If it is
Returns a string representation of this term s list of arguments.
Returns true if the two numbers are of the same type as the first number and false otherwise
Sets the state to running if it is the initial state. If it is the initial state
Mark the server as terminating.
Mark the service as terminated. If the service is not running or shutdown the service will be
Inserts an element into the queue. If the queue is full the element is added to the
Returns - 1 if node1 is less than node2 - 1 if node2 is greater
Insert a new node into the list of nodes. This method is called when a new node
Restarts the application. This method is called when the application is about to be restarted.
Returns a set of objects that match the given searchmethod.
Returns a collection of objects that match the given searchmethod.
Searches for all solutions using the given search method and adds them to the given collection.
Moves the cursor to the next element in the sequence. If there is no next element in
Restores the values of an object from a map of values. This method is intended to
Get the value of the given property of the given class. If the property does not exist
Put a multitypedata value into a multitypedata object.
Put a property of a given class to a given value. If the property does not exist
Captures the current state of the state machine. If ignorenull is true the state machine
Removes and returns the last element in the list. If the list is empty null is returned
Returns a string representation of the given modifiers. The modifiers are represented as a bit mask.
Convert a string to an integer.
Convert a string to a date.
isdate returns true if string s is a valid date string false otherwise.
Returns true if the string s is a time string false if it s a time string.
Returns true if the string s is a date - time string. The string s format is
Returns a tokensource for the given string.
Get the tokensource for the given file.
Returns a token source for the given input stream.
Returns true if the given instruction is a constant or false if it is not.
Returns true if the instruction is a void variable. If the instruction is a singleton or non
Returns true if the instruction is a non - argument function.
Returns an iterator over the children of this node. If reverse is set to true traverses
Returns the term at the given index. If the index is out of bounds null is returned
Returns an iterator over the children of this node.
Returns a string representation of this term s arguments. If the number of arguments is greater than
Retrieves a summary of the results of a query. The result is returned as an instance of
retrieves a list of measureappenders of the given class and query parameter.
Execute a query and return a list of the results. This method will log the time taken
Emmit the given codebuffer using the given wammachine as the target machine.
Sets the basictype for the given class.
Consults the source code for the given input stream.
Returns a string representation of a variable binding. This is used for debugging and debugging purposes.
Expands a set of solutions into an iterable of maps where the keys are the names of
Run the reader.
Read the XML stream until the end of the stream is reached or the shutdown flag is set
Returns the current time in milliseconds. If the current time is greater than the last time the
Returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Update the trackinfo object with the new trackinfo object. This method should only be called
Updates the player s playlist progress and volume with the given values.
Handle the final output of the player. This method is called when the player has finished playing
Handler for Musicusageresource request.
Submits a request for an event to be sent to the server. The request will be
Fire a startmusicrequest event.
This method is called when the connection has been established. This method is called when the connection
Starts the reader thread. The reader thread is started in a separate thread. The reader thread
This method is called when the server shuts down. It should be called when the server
Reset the parser to the beginning of the input stream.
This method is the main method of the parsing thread. This method is run in a separate
Process a single packet. If the packet is null nothing is done and nothing is done.
Set the command line option.
Create a new chat with the specified userjid. The bot must be an administrator in the
Internalizes this contentmanager instance with the given contentmanager instance. This method should be called
Resets the content to the given map. If the map is read - only the content will
Sets the value of a property. If the property already exists it is overwritten. If the
Adds a packet filter to this packet.
Process a servlet request. This method is called when a request is received from the client.
Reset all properties to their default values. This method is called by the constructor to reset all
Initializes the writer thread and sets done to false. This method is called from the constructor.
Sends a packet to the client.
Advances to the next packet in the queue.
Open the stream to the server and write it to the stream writer. The stream will be
Returns a list of all informations for this type.
Returns true if the given descriptor is a member of this class or if the given descriptor is
Register a consumer that will be called when an event goes into the lifecycle of the application.
Shuts down the executor and cancels the timer if there is one.
Returns true if the given entry is valid for the current thread. If auto_commit is
Returns the given key or null if the given key is null. If the given key is
Returns true if x == y or x == y or x == y or x == y
Returns the entry associated with the given key or null if there is no such entry.
Resizes the table to a new capacity. If the new capacity is the same as the
Puts all of the elements in the given map into this map.
Remove the value associated with the given key.
Removes the entry for the given key if it exists. If the key does not exist it
Removes an entry from the hash table. If the object is not an entry null is returned
Adds a new entry to the hash table. If the size of the table exceeds the threshold
Creates an immutable map with the keys removed from the base map and the augmentation function applied
Encode a binary string into an XML attribute string.
Encodes a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
Encodes a string into a base64 - encoded string.
Encodes a portion of a byte array into a base64 - encoded string.
Iterate over the elements in the collection and return the number of elements in the collection.
Sets the track selector controller. This controller will be called when a track is selected.
Sets the controller that will be called when the jump progress changes. The controller will be called
Sets the controller that will be called when the current playback state changes. The controller will be
Sets the volume changeable controller. The controller will be called when the volume is changed.
Broadcast a list of playlists that are available to be played by the user.
Handle the command resource event. This method is called when a command resource is added to the
Handles a volume change. If the volume is not present an error is sent to the player
Handle a jump.
handles the selecttrack event.
Returns the thread cache for the given name creating it if it doesn t exist.
Returns the request cache for the given name creating it if it doesn t exist.
Returns the altfield of the given field and streamid. If the streamid is null
Returns the path to the shard with the given id. This is the path to the shard
Adapts the given object to a session. If the object is a sessionadaptable
Safely invoke a method on a target object with the given arguments. If the method
Delete a path and all of its children from the content manager. If the path does not
Update a single entity in the database. If no properties are specified the entity will be merged
Set the ping interval in milliseconds.
Schedule a periodic pingservertask to run every pinginterval seconds. If the interval is
Adds an array of options to the command - line parser.
Returns true if this parser has the given option. If the option is null returns false.
Parse the command line from the given command line arguments.
Prints the command line usage for the given application name.
doparse is the main entry point for the doparse command. This is the
Initializes the connection to the XMPP server. This method is called when the connection has been established
Called when the start of a TLS handshake has been received.
Returns the compression handler if any. If none is found null is returned.
Send the requeststreamcompression to the client. This is done by sending the request to the
Start the stream compression process.
Notifies the client that a connection error has occurred.
Notifies the client that a connection has been re - established. This method should be called
Registers a SASL mechanism with the given name.
Returns a list of all registered SASL mechanism implementations that are supported by the current user.
Returns the output plugin behaviour for the given list of identifications. If no output plugin behaviour
Log a message and throwable with a level of INFO. If the throwable is null the message
Log a message and throwable at the ERROR level of system. err.
Log a message to the given output stream with the given prefix and thread name and throwable.
Create a new start event with the given source.
Creates a new startevent object with the given identification. If the identification is using java the
Notifies the listeners that a new string has been written to the file.
Returns true if this resource provides the given resource. This method is used to determine if the
Returns true if the given sourceid is contained in the list of resources.
Returns true if this resource provides any of the given resource ids.
Returns a list of all resources that have a provider with the given resource ids.
Get a value from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Get the cache key for the given key.
Remove the key from the shared cache if it exists.
Put a value into the cache. If the value is already in the cache it will be
Get the CFLocations from the system property. If the system property is set to true the
Include a file or directory in the jar. If the file is a directory it will be
Include a jar file into the locationmap.
Adds a default ASL Mech to the list of supported ASL Mechs.
Adds a collection of ASL mechs to the system.
Create a debug message for debugging purposes. This method is called when a debug message is received
This method is called when the component is activated. It is called when the component is activated
Registers the commonevents that will be notified when the container is ready to receive events
Register an event listener.
registereventid - Registerevent id.
Acquires a lock on the given channel and passes it to the given consumer. If the
Returns true if the event can be run.
Creates a new dsesession for the given dsecluster and keyspace.
Create a musicplayererror with the given source and error.
Start playing a track.
Stop playing the music.
Send a command to the player. The command can be a command a playlist a progress track
Create a broadcaster playlist request for the given provider and playlist name.
Create a broadcasterplaylist answer for the given identification provider and playlist.
Append a string to the end of the URL. If the string is not blank it will
Adds a query parameter to the request.
Adds a query parameter to the request. If the value is null null is returned.
Adds a query parameter to the URL.
Add a query parameter to the URL.
Get the playlist associated with this event.
launchbuttonactionperformed This method is called when the launchbuttonactionperformed event is
This method is called when the server is ready to start up. It will wait until the
Checks if the given URL exists on the server. If it does it will follow redirects.
browserbuttonactionperformed This method is called when the user clicks on a button on the
Creates an image icon from the given path. If the path is not found an error is
Entry point for the launchnakamura script.
Sets the values of this intarray to the specified values.
Returns a hashmap containing all of the values of this level as well as all of its
Get the value at the given index in the JSON object or null if the value is not
Get the value associated with the given key. If the value is a jsonarray or json
Returns the value as an integer. If the value is null returns the defaultvalue.
Returns the value as a double. If the value is null returns the defaultvalue.
Get the value as a string. If the value is not a string the defaultvalue is
Create a command resource.
Verify that the given command is a valid play pause stop or change_playback.
Verify the capabilities for a given command.
Verifies that the given command is valid against the given capabilities. If the command is not valid
Execute a batch of statements asynchronously. The callback will be called when all the statements have been
Returns a set of all subclasses of the given class. If the given class is null then
Returns a set of all subclasses of the given fully qualified class name.
Search for classes in the given location. If the location points to a directory it will be
Search the directory for classes that are assignable from clazz and that are not in packagename
Converts this resource to a list of resources.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Process a packet and add it to the result queue. If the packet filter is not null
Get the volume from the list of resources from the source of the event. If the list
Create an error response from an IQ and log the error to the given logger.
Create a copy of an IQ with an error response.
Returns true if the identifiable is a member of the selectorresource. If the selectorresource
Sets whether or not the login is enabled for the given time range.
Decorate the given set with synchronized operations.
Sets the name of the service.
Update the status of the subscription.
Returns a collection of roster groups.
Append an RSM element to a query element.
Get the parsersm from a query element.
Create a new leavingevent with the given identification source and descriptors. If strict is true the
Reload the roster from the server. The server must be in a read - only state
Create a new entry in the store. The entry will be created in the given groups.
Returns a collection of all entries in the roster.
Get the presence information for the given user with the given resource.
Set the offline presences for all the users in the presencemap and notify the listeners.
Fireroster change event handler.
Set the digest for the given connectionid and password. The connectionid and password must be
Override the generateresource to create a broadcaster available playlist or a broadcaster playlist
Creates a new playerrequest.
Get the time passed for this resource provider.
Register a listener that will be called when the properties assistes are updated.
Initialize the properties file. If the properties file does not exist it will be created.
Reloads the properties from the properties file.
parsestreamerror returns the first streamerror element in the given element or null if there
Parse the mechanisms string from the given mechanismsel element. If the element is not
Parse the compression methods from the given XML element.
Parse a packet extension from an XML pull parser.
Decode a string into an object of the given type.
Verify that the event is a play request and that the player is the target of the playlist
Get the playback state from a resource.
Get the secret key for the given subdomain.
Returns true if the given subdomain is allowed to be used multiple times.
Put a key - value pair into the map. If the map already contains a mapping for
Returns a reference to the keyset of this map. The keyset is backed by this
Returns a copy of the values contained in this map. If this map has no values then
This method is called when a reference is removed from the cache. This method should be called
Returns the entry associated with the given key or null if there is no entry associated with the
Returns the hash code for the given key and value.
Creates a new referenceentry.
Returns true if this indicator is at least strong enough to indicate that this indicator is at least
Sets the presence of the vague. If the vague is present the presence
Update the vague with the list of present and optional presence. The vague will be
Delivers the given message to all subscribers of this channel.
Generate an instance of an instance of the given class and add it to the generatescript
Initialize the output directory. This method is called when the output directory is not yet initialized.
Load the properties from the specified file.
Writes the content of st to the specified file. Returns the number of bytes written.
Returns the progress of the event. If there is no progress it returns an empty optional.
Decorate a collection with a synchronized collection.
discovers a range of ipv4 addresses and returns a collection of serviceresolver objects
Get the current configuration of the server.
Gets the threadpool.
Create a stopmusic resource.
Verify that the player is the target of the stopmusic descriptor.
Get an instance of the DSE cluster with the specified parameters. The DSE cluster is
Adds a connection listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a new connection is
Adds a packet listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a packet is received
Add a packet listener that will be notified when a packet is received.
Fire the listeners that are waiting for a packet to arrive. This method is called when
Add a packet interceptor to be called when a packet is received. The packetinterceptor is
Notify all registered interceptors of a packet. This method is called when a packet is received.
Convert a parameter to an array of values. The parameter name is the name of the parameter
This method is called when the connection to the server has been lost. It is called when
Get the id of the current thread. This is the id of the current thread in the
Returns true if the given node is valid for the given thread_id. If auto_
Get the key associated with the given value.
Returns the object at the given index or null if the object does not exist at the given
Returns the node at the given index that is valid for the given data and thread_id
Returns the node at the given index or null if there is no such node.
Compares two objects using the specified comparators. If one of the comparators is null then
Returns the least node with the given index or null if there is no such node.
Returns the most node at the given index in the given node or null if there is no
Returns the next node greater than or equal to the given index or null if there is no
Returns the most valid node after the given thread_id or null if no such node exists
Returns the least valid node starting from the given node starting from the given thread_id.
Copy a color from one node to another.
Returns true if the value at the given index is red. If the node is null returns
Returns true if the value at the given index is a black value.
Returns the grandparent of the node at the given index or null if there is no parent
Returns the parent of the node at the given index or null if the node is null.
Returns the right child of the node at the given index or null if the node is null
Returns the left child of the given node at the given index or null if the node is
Rotate the left child of a node to the right child of the parent of a node.
Rotate the right child of the node at the given index.
doredblackinsert - Doredblack a node at a given index
doredblackdelete is called when a node is deleted from the tree.
Checks that the object o is non - null comparable and throws an exception if it is.
Insert a new value into the tree. If the value already exists it will be overwritten.
Returns true if the map contains the given key. The key must be a valid key.
Returns true if the map contains the specified value. The value is checked to see if it
Get the value associated with the given key.
Removes the value associated with the specified key. If the key does not exist it is created
Removes all entries from the cache. If auto_commit is true the cache will be committed
Copy entries from this map to the new_map. The new_map is not modified
Deletes all expired entries from the cache. This is called when the cache is no longer needed
Culls the cache. This is called when the cache is no longer needed.
This method is called when the component is activated. This method is called when the component is
Get a playerrequest for the given playlist name. If permanent is set to true the request
Initialize a new default rosterstore.
Open the default rosterstore.
Scan a range of addresses. If addr is null then all addresses will be scanned.
converts an inetaddress into a subnetaddress of the given subnet
Returns a hashmap containing all of the data contained in this object. The keys are the
Creates a trackinfo object from a hashmap. The hashmap is expected to contain the
Add all application classes in the given set to the classnames list.
Execute the application if the service is an execs_application or gen_runscripts.
Print the list of classes and their names.
Prints the usage information.
Entry point for the command - line tool.
Creates a new muteevent request.
Creates an optional containing a muteevent object for the given identification. If the identification is
Returns the goodwillschema for the given schemaname. If the schemaname does
Write a list of lines to a file. If the file already exists it will be deleted
Check if the class is in the executable jar.
Adds an option to the command line. If the option is not null it will be added
Returns a list of all the fields in the schema. The order of the returned list is
Get a field by it s name.
Returns the package name of the given jarentry. If the jarentry is null
Map the content of the given base map to the values of the values in this map.
Create an event listener for the given descriptor. The descriptor must match the given descriptorid.
Sets the current state of the iterator. Returns the previous state of the iterator.
Iterate over the elements in the collection. The iteration stops when all elements in the collection are
r Iterates over the given iterator and returns the value of the next item.
Get the trackinfo for this resource from the list resource container. If no resource is found
Returns a hashmap containing all the values of this object.
Import a resource from a resource model.
Create an error image from the given lines. The error image will have the same width and
Get an image from the given URL.
Get the content of the given URL as a JSON string.
Reverses the order of the keys in the source map to the target map.
Returns the result of the multiplication of the two sets. The result is a set of the
Start the daemon.
Return the object back to the pool. If there is an exception it will be logged and
Creates an optional object that represents a stop event for the given identification. If the identification is
Get the current trackinfo from the queue or null if there is no current trackinfo.
Return a new playlist with the given trackinfo updated.
Shuffles the playlist and returns a new playlist with the shuffled trackinfos.
Verify that the capabilities can be played with this playback mode.
Returns a hashmap of the current state of the object. The keys are the names of
Returns a copy of the given string with XML - escaped characters converted to their corresponding XML -
Evaluate the challenge and return the response. If the challenge is null then return an empty response
Convert this object to a bytearray outputstream.
The main loop of the event handling thread. This method blocks until the thread is stopped.
This method is called when an event is received from a topicindexer. This method is called
Join all the queues in the queue manager. This method is called when the queue manager is
Set the value of a property. If the value is null the property will be removed.
Remove a property. If the property is not read - only it will be added to the
Adds the given principal to the list of principals. If the list is not readonly and the
Removes the given principal from the list of principals. If the list is not readonly and the
This method is called when the root window is closed. It removes the listener from the connection
This method is called when the user enters a presence event. It is called by the
This method is called when an event is received from the server. It sets the state of
Returns true if the resource is permanent false otherwise.
Set the name of the roster.
Returns true if the map contains a mapping for the specified key. If the map contains multiple
Returns true if the hash table contains the given value. If the value is null returns false
Associates the specified value with the specified key. If the key already exists the old value is
Removes all of the elements from this list.
Returns the hash code for the given object key.
Returns true if the two keys are the same or if the keys are null.
Returns true if the two values are equal ; otherwise returns false.
Ensure that the hash table has the given capacity. If the table is full the new capacity
calculates the new capacity for the given proposed capacity. If the proposed capacity is larger than
Creates an iterator over the entries in this set.
Load a map from a binary inputstream. The inputstream must contain the key and the
Initialize the add - on with the given context.
Notifies all registered connection listeners that a reconnection has failed.
Notifies all connection listeners that the attempt to reconnecting in has been made.