Returns the current depth in the tree.
Compute the union size of two Bitsets
Notification that the model is ok.
Returns a string representation of the classifier.
Returns the union of the two sectors.
Checks if the given value is equal to the given value.
test - x where x is a positive number
Recursive directory walk.
Returns the ordinal array of the given tuple set for the given field.
divide with rm.
Configures all subplots with the new dataset.
on schedule as library scheduler.
Is string type boolean.
Validates SQL statement.
Create an array of longs from the given array.
Checks if trace logging is enabled.
Use a weapon if not holding other weapon.
Create a new tcp matcher.
Recursive method to determine the maximum level of a tree.
Request a confirmation from the user.
Decrements the worker count and terminates.
Test inserting a row.
Put a new map entry.
End an element.
Prints a message using the current stack trace element.
Deletes all leaves with the given name
Convert this set to a string.
Validates the given component.
Remove a shutdown hook.
bounded stack scroll
Waits for volumes to be visible.
Startup additional services.
Update the view.
Paints the image.
Checks if a connection is allowed for the given event name.
Return true if this is prefixed.
Release any connection.
Add a collection of actions to the view.
Add a simple series renderer to the renderers.
Copies up to num bytes from is to os
Calculating the angle of a given value
Return a buffer to the pool.
Maps the given values to the given options.
Create a new character sequence by concatenating this sequence with another
Respond to a GET request.
Notify listeners that a state has been changed.
Tests the equality of this ECP.
Format and log throwable.
Constructs a Redis key for the given queue name shard name priority and job state.
Decodes the given string using the given charset.
Add a restricted domain.
Acquires a write lock and stops the read if it is currently locked.
Test is auto increment.
Copy the contents of a byte array to an output stream.
Checks if the list is empty.
Render a single frame.
Test if a string is a valid XML NCName
Appends a message to the message list.
Prepare the data set.
Build the registrar.
Checks a string to see if it is a valid identifier.
Rebuilds the edit log.
Removes all rules from the set.
Add the nodes returned by the iterator in document order.
Check if we need to refetch data.
Create a document type with the given qualified name public id and system id.
Returns this field as a byte array.
Get the enum value for the given style name.
Get next mpeg.
Create export mask map.
Inserts an element in the array at the specified index.
Draw an image with no scale.
Insert a document into the cache.
Update the progress.
copy data from is to out
Fade in or out an audio file.
Draws this edge.
Loads properties from an array of classes.
Compare two numbers of the same length.
fix gps date time to exif schema
Checks if the cell consumes the given event type.
Read a byte of data from the stream.
Create the y axis.
Get the current max value.
Prints a file.
Extends this grounding by the given grounding.
Expect the next token.
get table types order.
Get or create a file channel from cache.
Remove a swipe listener
Returns the descriptor corresponding to the given signature.
Add parameters to the request body.
Converts this string to an annotation class.
Returns true if this resource supports the integer resource id.
Create an electronic text map.
Guard an expression.
Returns how many times rectangle stripe cross line or the are intersect
Returns the union of orig and remove o.
Get the unix timestamp.
Returns true if this is a PDF document.
Draw the grid background if needed.
Implement zip stream impl.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Finishes the activity when the temporary files are copied.
Get the common submitter queue.
Returns true if the given attribute is a field package.
divide with half up
Convert codes to lower case.
Loads the text from the given stream.
Calculates the radius of the selector.
Measures width according to a specific measure.
Test get and put methods.
On added.
Parse a local number.
Convert a list of paths to pixel coordinates.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
Checks the state of an expression.
Slide in from top.
Creates a new big integer that is a copy of the given one.
Handle a locale specific error.
Reads the hash from the given stream.
Creates an index segment.
Returns the liveness of the database.
Inserts a value into the map.
Returns the minimum dimensions for the specified container.
Selects the view at the given position.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this group.
ignorable whitespace.
Waits for an editor to become active.
Finds the solution with the largest objective value.
Converts a latm value to the y value.
Register a callback handler.
Parse XML from the given input stream.
Returns the current score.
Estimate the grammaticality of a set of texts.
Attempt to link a zone to a spannable string.
Check that all values in an array are NaN.
Processes a connection event.
Returns the percentage of values in this set that fall within the given range.
Closes the given closeable without throwing an exception.
release page context
Add a new event listener.
Checks if the journal needs to rebuild.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Loads properties from the given classpath resource.
Returns true if the given object is the same as this object.
Parse a name value pair.
Handles a pull event.
Returns the mapping object at the given location in the given map.
Parses the given file and returns the result as a string.
Find the differences between two texts. Simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or
Create a new repository with the specified domain.
Count the number of tokens.
Indexes a single document.
resets all the common components.
Handle an exception.
Reads the object.
Paint the arrow in enabled state.
Log a throw.
To big integer zero.
Update the accuracy of the accelerometer.
Returns true if trailing arguments are allowed.
test set max crl math
Evaluates the popup menu.
Remove a task from the queue.
divide with half up rounding mode
Ensures that the given path exists.
Attempts to load the class with the given name.
Measure short.
Returns true if the view is clipped at the given point.
workspace ; }
Write the given byte array to the given file.
Adds an item to the list.
Processes pending custom messages.
Determines the number of consecutive digits.
Parse and add a node.
Calculates the height of the image based on the multiplier.
Test numeric scalars.
Shutdown all callbacks except the listener.
static final int num = 0 ;
Populate the profiles combo box.
Checks the header of the file.
Returns the absolute value of this complex number.
Maps an algorithm name to an OID.
Specified number of arguments.
Refills the input buffer.
Processes a mouse event.
Add a module to the module map.
Checks if the database has all the tables.
Classify a list of features.
Bind view holder.
Update the list of lines.
Draws a rectangle of the specified size.
Refresh the size of loading views.
Replace the split element at the given index with the given split element.
Build the start item list.
Computes the number of splits for the given number of records.
Called when the mouse is clicked.
Scans the given directory for files that match the given include and exclude patterns.
Returns true if there are any postponed routes.
Returns true if at least one widget is selected.
Set the path of the given URI.
Converts a XML element to an integer value.
Read fully string.
Add a property getter for each event type.
Marks an entry as used.
Executes the command.
Expire the tokens for the left endpoint.
Registers an implementing class for the given algorithm URI.
Loads the settings from the given file.
Check whether the given character sequence contains any word breaking character.
Checks the intersections of the strings.
Removes the specified object from the set.
Composes two unary operators.
Add cdc col specs.
Converts the given name to a java field name.
Generate a random key.
Validates an argument.
execute a list of SQLs
Rebuilds the edit log.
Refresh the done button.
Create the migration task page.
Ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes.
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Close a cursor and remove it from the map
Checks if the next token matches the given pattern.
Push an integer on the stack.
Create an XML node with optional attributes and content.
Inserts the given item at the given position.
Notify all waiting threads that a failure has occurred.
Transforms the source stream using the given stylesheet.
Split string with escaped delimiter.
Reads the next line from the reader into a token. Blocks until a line is available
Deletes an obligation.
Clip the right side of the view.
Create a new compound package content object.
Checks the coverage of this subspace.
Finds all values in the given string.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array or - num if not
Appends the given value to the list of values associated with the given name.
Compares the specified object to this certificate. The object must be a certificate.
Appends a between statement.
Encodes a string into exactly 1 byte.
Compute the histogram for a serie
Recursively computes the weights of a node and its children.
Creates a new searcher instance.
Appends a field to the query.
Combines two stages using the supplied completion function.
Builds the create schema statement.
Compares two negative numbers of the same length. The first is shorter.
creates a new stream info manager
Returns this conjunction as a sentence.
Return true if this is the pronoun of the word.
Append short type.
Tokenizes a string.
Backup the favorites.
Update the statistics.
Validates the payment product.
}
Encrypt result.
Slider state changed.
Parses a delimited list of words.
Initializes the layout.
Returns true if the animation is running.
Creates a mosaic definition.
Suggested alias for the given node.
trust all https certificates
Returns true if the component is in need of a form.
Add a listener to the item distribution
Safe sqrt.
Runs callables in parallel and waits for them to finish.
Append a character to the buffer expanding if necessary.
Initializes the owner references for the given field.
Builds a UNION sub - query.
Constructs a node with the given starting point as the star.
Increases the count by a given amount.
Revert the changes.
Concatenate float arrays into a new array.
Return the next value from the iterator.
Navigate to the root of the tree.
Returns true if the stream can be read.
Copy the contents of this buffer to the given byte array starting at the given offset.
Called when an item is dismissed.
Probability density function of the normal distribution
Returns a sorted copy of the given array using the given comparer.
Add a new zoom listener.
Clears the set of registers in the given range.
Fire annotation selected event
Verification of server evidence of a message.
Handles text.
Remove a service from the registry.
Returns a string reference to an attribute.
Create a new escaped writer.
Checks if the given date is expired.
Adds a record to the album.
Checks if is correct method.
Test case 17.
Clears this metadata property builder and returns it.
\brief Gets the r distance between two vectors.
Checks the version and hosts.
Converts a string to lower case.
Test sign bytes negative3.
Builds an opus comment.
Asserts that the received event contains the expected properties.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Converts a string to its upper case representation.
Iterator over the required edges.
Releases a previously acquired lock.
Format the given text as a box.
Force number string to two digits.
Adds a new drop item to the model.
Returns a list of entities matching the specified primary keys.
Load a workflow.
Returns the hash code of this certificate.
Removes a tag from the list of tags.
Verifies the given ECDSA signature and public key.
Recursively deletes a directory and its contents.
Asserts that two iterators are in the same order.
Format the finished percentage of a rollout group
Generates a host name from the given parameters.
Transfers all lines from the given file to this file.
Unwraps a string.
Test if all segments in the dataset are present.
Get the next event time.
Create the lines for the given text.
Euclidean norm of a number.
Computes the number of transitions between two points.
Convert a long to a string of bits.
Encodes an array of bytes to an array of bytes using the specified URL safe bit set.
Tokenizes the given content using the given client.
Awaits at most the given number of parties to become available.
Loads the translations cache if the cache is empty.
Set the mouse mode.
Add a new event to the list.
Stops a timer with the given name.
Returns the summary as a string.
Create a temporary directory.
Adds a horizontal span to the plot.
Extents the connections of all connected brds.
Create a new i instance.
Finds the parents of x in the list of nodes.
Configures from a stream of properties.
return a new connection.
Adds a list of projects to a task.
Do the flood detection for a single bddp output.
Causes the current Thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Verify that the write set is not found.
Estimate the entropy of a set of masses.
Checks if a given string is a valid NMEA token.
Parses a double value.
Puts a string into the buffer at the current position.
Adds a new rtcp event listener.
Ensure that the data has at least the given number of columns.
Lexical handler methods
Connects the given file descriptor to the given address on the given port.
Returns true if a node is whitespace.
Creates a new colored background with the given debugger provider.
Attempt to open the file.
Deregisters a spring from the registry.
The name of the log file.
Parse a triples b.
remove all elements from the list
Sorts the given byte array using the Quicksort algorithm.
Closes the popup.
Free the object with the given id
Stretch the view vertically to the given cross size.
Convert hex string to inet6 address.
Track a failure.
Reads a double.
Returns true if the bar is at the maximum.
Tests if the next character in the queue matches the sequence. Case insensitive.
Parse and add map tile set.
Computes the calendar component of the given time value.
Enables tethering.
Distance between two points.
Sets the protocol host port file and handler.
Create a method for the volumes operation.
Sends a command to a file descriptor.
Init the widgets with the manual
Attempt to trust all hosts.
Samples from the max distribution
Get user code form.
Test the construction of the mission name.
ZoneOffsetTransitions are equal if they have the same transitions and offsets.
Releases the resources associated with this instance.
Closes the output.
Recursive method to resolve files.
Test for get instance.
Reloads the configuration.
Removes the given message processor from the list of message processors.
Issuer serial.
Adds the edge matchers to the set.
Puts an array of bytes into the buffer at the current position.
Convert an array of objects to a string with the given delimiter.
Clears all images from the registry.
Permite obtenir la color courante.
Creates a new lua state.
Checks the preamble size.
Reads the next byte of data from the input stream.
Limit the clip.
Shutdown the pool.
Convert a collection of strings to a collection of inet addresses.
Remove new line chars.
Calculates the total number of unread feeds and categories.
Appends HTML to a string builder.
Migrates all the columns of the given table.
Returns the number of rows in the table.
Compresses the given JAR file.
Adds an attribute to this table.
Set int value.
Sorts the specified range of the specified array of elements according to the order induced by the
is this a server transaction or not
Highlights a range of text.
Read fully len bytes from the given input stream into the given buffer.
Assumes that the given assumption is true.
Add to cart bulk.
Adds a frequent item set to the list.
Update the peek buffer and return the number of bytes skipped.
Create a workflow method to remove volumes from a cg.
Prompt the user for the list of URLs.
Convert a mouse event to a cell index.
Compute a regular expression string from the original string.
Generate a call identifier.
Parse an hour value.
Processes a key event in the history.
Substitutes a substitution for a set of reference types.
Returns all known transports.
Request the number of seconds until idle lockout.
Get all available databases.
Compares two negative numbers of the same length. The second is shorter.
hacky adjuster.
Decodes the given string as base64 and returns the decoded object.
Copies all the properties from the old document to the new document.
Singular Value Decomposition
Release a previously acquired lock.
Caller must be synchronized on this
Returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the specified array. Returns - num
Writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
Divide two numbers.
max and less.
Blocks the calling thread if tf is true.
Called when the mouse is moved.
Writes floats from the given float array to the current position and increases the position by the
Checks if the given CIDR address is contained in the given CIDR subnet.
Attempts to acquire a lock.
Check a known cookie.
Prompt the user for import files.
Creates a new instance of Gregtech.
Reads the entire contents of the given stream and closes the stream.
Parse a SQL statement and return a parsed sql object.
Writes the given 64 - bit long to the given offset in this native byte order.
Called when an event occurs.
Generate a salt for use with the BCrypt library
Checks if the given key is the same as this key.
Convert a number to a string.
Run init script if required.
Parse an integer from a string.
Print an object to standard output and then terminate the line.
Checks that all values are finite.
Initializes the keyboard buttons.
Is new boolean.
Finds a relative path from a file path.
Reset the singleton instance.
test and not neg first longer
Generate a number of random characters
Add known rates to the system.
Remove the attribute with the given name.
Evict a key from the cache.
Checks if is unique contraint error.
Create a new configuration error.
Fills the area with the given cells.
Add any context prefixes that have been used in the current element.
Add the given duration in nanoseconds to the current position and then delegate.
Precomputes a list of hashes for the given data.
Returns the elevation at the given coordinates.
Factory method for creating observed objects.
Deletes all children of the given element.
Recursively save the initial child state of the given component.
Checks if the two sets have at least one contact.
Throw an exception if the value is null.
Populates an array list from an input stream.
Return a new string padded right to a given length.
Returns an enumeration of the measures of this instance.
Called when send task completes.
Add a button to the button panel.
Remove all unused objects.
Creates new grid fields from a vo list.
SampleModel with interleaved raster around origin.
Copies a carbon data file to the carbon store.
Performs a forward fling with the specified selector.
Convert a string to a double.
Add a new event listener.
Returns true if the feature is stable.
calculates the size of a demo text
Performs the default values.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a string.
Write an image to a link.
Responds to a change in the preview.
Writes content to a file.
Checks if the given URL points to a file or vfs url.
Update the status of the given relay state.
Converts a string to an array of ints.
Returns a list of servers belong to the given site.
Creates a new instance of the editor dialog. The dialog will be placed in the specified container.
Checks if a styled layer descriptor contains in line features.
Decode a buffer from an input stream.
Runs the finalization.
Display all string defined in string xml.
Check http.
Adds a foreign key constraint to the current table.
Called when the activity is first created.
Pushes a notification to the specified topic.
Appends a JSON value to a string builder.
Update the configuration from the given resources.
Deselects the item at the given index.
Returns true if nd is a leaf node.
Add a new listener to the list of registered listeners.
Compares this object to the specified object. The result is true if and only if the object
Parse a string representation of a vector
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
Wraps the given session.
Post a single request without enclosing transaction.
The directory where the program is located.
Clears the current set of route sensors.
Returns keystore type from string.
Returns the previous mapper on the stack and pushes a new one on the stack.
Converts a character to a digit throwing an exception if the character is invalid.
Represents the object as a JSON object.
Load a key store from a file.
remove a property change listener
Returns true if precaching is enabled.
this = this AND other
Tests the specified object for equality with this object. The object must be an instance of the principal
Checks if the lockdown profile is valid.
Checks if the filename has one of the given extensions.
Adds two streams to the FROM clause.
Decode an X12 segment.
Creates a kdb database from the given input stream.
Decodes a add.
Sorts the vector in place.
Rebuild the panel.
Processes a sequence of bytes.
Gets the string representation of the given file.
Go to the next page.
get a new input stream if current time is too old
Returns this array as a list of types.
Delete rules.
Checks if the given element has been visited.
Sets the underlying client.
Returns a new future that completes exceptionally with the given throwable.
Initialize forecast errors.
Checks if the given mouse event has the same modifiers as this.
Emit retained variables.
Parses a URI from components of a URI encoded in this builder.
Get the translation for a given hypergraph.
Reads a single character.
Is snapshot full copy supported.
Returns a list of all the services contained in the descriptors.
Strip coded sentences from the string.
divide with half even.
Quantile function of Rayleigh distribution
Performs base64 encoding validation.
Returns the number of elements in the sequence.
add servlet run as role.
Test case 15.
Query for documents that match the given field.
Print a line of comma separated values. The object is converted to a string as per the
Accumulates aggregated results for the given entity.
Test invalid XML.
Converts this polynomial to a string.
Is the given member an accessor pair?
Creates a new date format instance with the specified format string.
Writes the given kml to the given file.
The destination file path.
Refresh the list of users or groups from server.
create a new panel
Returns the default headers.
Clear all parsys.
Send a request to the server and handle it.
register a new client
Parses the given input stream using the given base URI.
Parses the given string using the given date formats.
remove value of given name
Find all loops in the code.
generate hive test files
Rename an editor panel.
Returns true if the given column fits as a single line.
Initializes the internal state of the handler.
Convert this coordinate system to the world coordinate system.
Replaces instances of the target character sequence with the replacement character sequence. The target character sequence must
URL - encodes the given string.
Draws an image.
Skip to the end of the line.
Subset of the variables.
Act on a file.
Formats the given number of milliseconds into a string.
Add a listener for a specific property.
Creates a new folder in the given directory.
Add a typed array resource.
Add a sub - action.
Fills the entry tree.
Checks if left contains at least one element from right.
Asserts that the duration is in the range [ minimum maximum ).
Logs the diff.
Add an image to the list of images
Creates a new resource with the given mimetype and the current time.
Parses the arguments and required keys.
lin to mel.
Creates a rounded icon with the specified parameters.
Generate random bytes of the given size.
Returns a string representation of this interval.
Copies length bytes from the buffer to the message starting at the given position.
Returns true if this timer has expired.
Put a boolean value.
Writes an attribute to the given writer.
Handles a selection.
Returns true if the method can be invoked.
Write the header to the output stream.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a byte array.
Fade out all layers.
Descending order.
Add a text change listener.
Returns an iterator over the profiles.
Checks if the given string starts with the given space.
Wraps the given path in a request path.
Convert a key to a level.
mouse dragged event
Init caching http headers filter.
Add a component to the list of common components.
Attempt to fulfill a promise.
Loads the table with the given number of subtrees.
Reads a single character.
Check if ping is disabled.
Writes the contents to the file.
Make a tree of writables.
Gets the angle between two points.
Set the cursor to the given column names.
Is enabled boolean.
Render the foreground.
Creates a transaction with this transport.
Start the background thread.
Exports an object.
Create the dbffdc directory
Read a character sized string from the given stream.
Processes children of the given node.
Initializes the messages.
Create a new queue.
Appends the objects to the builder.
Determine if a connection is allowed for the given event set descriptor.
Request an open graph action.
Loading state.
Reads a bloom filter from an external input.
Computes the mad value of an array using a median value.
Creates a new exception with the specified root cause.
Links node as first element or returns false if full.
Notifies all registered listeners of a property change event.
Indicates if the specified template indicates a dirty read operation.
Create a new j slider with the specified parameters.
Applies the graphic attributes to the symbol.
Increases the idle count by the given value.
Creates a new remote service descriptor.
Reads the journal from the input.
start server and wait for it to finish
Returns the boolean value indicating if the task is complete.
Returns a QR Code given the contents of the string.
Writes ints from the given int array starting from the given offset to the current position and
Add a header to the request.
Update the UI.
Generate the extension manager.
Submits a task for execution in the pool.
Checks the validity of the given bucket name.
Validates user namespace authorization create request.
Format the given object as a string.
Calculates the derived values.
Checks if a block consistency group can be deleted.
quietly closes a closeable ignoring any checked exceptions.
Get a message from the prefetch queue.
Removes the specified range of elements.
Refills the input buffer.
Shutdown all bookies and clean up.
Adds a criteria to the ored list.
Release selections from a set of items.
Populates the hub mapping table.
remove a load from the list
Get the compute state by name.
Returns the string representation of the given tag array.
Removes the specified number of occurrences of the specified argument from the list.
Replaces a policy in the resource tree.
Create an empty array of given length.
Performs copy operation.
Recompute the seperation.
Creates a square image of the specified size.
Handle lost entry.
Writes a start element.
Add a process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
Put a byte into the buffer at the given index.
Use this to configure a turnout operation.
Generate a salt for use with BCrypt.
Draws the description if the text is not the same as the current description.
Parse a number of bytes from the given free space.
Returns the interlanguage link of the given language in the page.
Update the enabled state of the action.
Construct a parallel flux from the given source publisher with the given parallelism.
Recursively cleans a directory and all its contents.
Add a gumball to the view.
Puts the given object into the recycle bin. If the last object in the recycle bin is
delete from table with foreign key
Create a new channel.
Changes the size of this point.
Inserts a new row into the table.
Adds the default URI to the list.
Transfers the specified range of the specified sequence.
Calculates the Euclidean distance between a line and a line.
Create a copy of this big integer.
Runs the test.
Gets the ids.
See the general contract of the read method of the Bytes for more information.
Checks if is jellybean or later.
Computes the PDF of the correlation matrix.
Checks if the given command is enabled.
Validates the output and key files.
adds a response code listener.
Returns the log - likelihood of this dataset.
Returns true if the automaton has at least one dead state.
Subtracts the given decimal from this one.
Indicates whether some other edge is the same as this one.
Skip a line and report location.
List the volumes on the docker host
Convert a base64 encoded string to a byte buffer.
Advances the timer by the given amount.
Loads raw characters into the given string builder.
Crawls the given XML string and creates the signature tree.
Constructs a path from the given left and right nodes.
Add a listener to the list of listeners that are notified when the wheel is changed.
Read a number directive.
Convert an array of bit values to a bit string.
Converts a buffer containing unsigned 16 bit samples into a byte buffer.
Check a token.
Writes an attribute to the given writer.
Expanded all nodes in the tree.
Provide a description of the vocabularies.
invoke any task with null pointer exception
} }
Generate x.
Compares the sign of the number to the sign of the number.
Add an attribute to the service.
Create a query string decoder for the given URI using the default charset.
Convert RGB color to CMYK color.
Displays an error message.
Parse a name value pair.
Strip chars in string bag.
Returns the cosine of the specified radians.
This method is called when the fragment is removed from the activity.
Remove a VetoableChangeListener for a specific property.
Checks if a file of the given size exists.
Create a windows file attributes from the given memory address.
Serializes a map.
Programmatically send an event to the rippler pane.
Checks if there is a full entry for the given query.
Returns true if the resource is a module
Write an annotation to the stream.
Convert an IPv4 address to its hash code.
Checks if the given revision contains a template with the given name.
Get all account info.
Returns a new string list containing all of the elements of this list plus the elements of the given
Walks the parse tree.
Reads a single character.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Splits a word into num equally - sized words.
Checks if is book search url.
Returns the full path of the given class.
Removes the given prefix from the title.
send a message to a set of members
Checks if the service is relevant to the given attributes.
Compares two objects for equality.
Find car by road number.
Convert a class name to a slashed class name.
P - Box - Muller - Muller Precision.
Returns the location with the given name creating it if necessary.
Decrement the reservation by one.
Removes an oma download from pending downloads.
Checks if is android sdk dir in local properties file.
Checks if the bundle has token information.
Resets the retry policy to the default values.
Checks if a connection is allowed for the given event name.
Raises the X and Y values of the given vector by the given power.
Invokes a static method.
Loads a function from the input stream.
Adds a new button to this panel.
Maps a request matcher to a list of responses.
Commits the assignment to the input.
Splits a string into an array using a separator.
Insert a twin instruction at the end of the list.
Returns a new instance of this class.
Parses a format specifier from the given string.
Appends all elements of the iterator to the string builder separated by the given separator.
Checks if the queue is full.
Schedules a playlist save.
Returns true if any of the variables in the list are to be read.
Navigate to the previous demo.
Convert this matrix to a string.
Converts an int to an integer.
log a verbose message
Synchronized on indexes.
Compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location.
Moves the current position by the given delta Y.
Put all of the elements in the specified map into this map.
UndoableEdit inserting a string.
Returns the string representation of the current value.
Writes data to the underlying stream.
Copy data from reader to writer and close both streams.
check if the bookies up to the specified number of nodes are still available
Performs the inverse transformation.
Asserts that the given closure throws an exception or is not an instance of the given class.
Sends a packet to a MAC address.
Process an attribute string of type T_YES into a boolean value.
Load a list of key name pairs from the database.
Search for work orders.
Adjusts the week of this year based on the given date.
Creates a new resource queue.
Signs the specified subject with the specified signature.
Schedules a periodic task.
Abbreviate a string.
Stop the wraparound test.
Check that a row index is valid.
Removes all symbols from the hash table.
Determine the strength of an enemy blitz.
Joins an identifier into a new name.
Recursively parse a date string.
Returns a string representation of the message.
Is the character a white space?
Removes a filter from the list of filters.
Removes the classifiers at the given indices.
Add a property change listener.
Number of checkpoints.
Add an element to the list.
Add a list of URLs to be listened on.
Adds a set of virtual arrays to this set.
Is the cell editable.
Trash the current root block.
Concatenates multiple arrays into a single list.
Creates a decorated graph from the given graph.
Validate a custom catalog.
Create a pooled executor.
Checks if is ssdp.
Adds a child to this widget at the specified index
Restores the selection.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array.
Mute and mute everything.
Consumes the given number of events from the queue.
Update the UI from a command object.
Compare to zero.
Generate a random number from a Gaussian distribution.
Compute the percent overscroll.
Set the size of the vector.
Processes an invite request.
Gets or creates a logger.
Read the receive delay.
Writes indent.
Returns a hash code for this set.
Parses a string into an integer.
Returns true if the node at the given index is invalid.
Pushes a float onto the operand stack.
Handles a motion event.
remove a batch clusterer listener
Refresh the held locks.
Removes a previously known object from the cache.
Wraps the given bytes.
Parses the given value as a string.
Test sign of long.
Inserts the specified element before the specified position in this list.
Grows the array by a given number.
Computes the plane of a plane defined by two vectors.
Checks if the input stream is a gzipped input stream.
Inserts a new op at a given position and length.
Clears the state of this object.
Register an object to be decayed.
Asserts that string x contains expected string.
Removes the class from the set.
Test a failed stage.
Paint the component.
Destroy a dynamic class loader.
Delete the attachment point.
Returns the number of reused files.
Create an anim game item with the supplied model and animation.
Removes an assignment from the database.
Formats the given object and appends it to the given string buffer.
Compare and set the wait status of a node.
Create a new thread dump.
Checks if we can start the output.
Matches the given input against the given filter.
Unlinks non - null first node.
Initialize the doc builder factory.
returns the standard deviation of the regression line
Create missing values.
Normalises the given path.
Start notifier thread.
Expand the hidden dir.
Try to queue the current buffer.
Update the value.
Returns true if there are more elements in the stream.
Append parameter signature.
This method is called when the heartbeat completes.
Decrypt an array of bytes.
Load the private key.
Removes a listener on snapshot categories events
Returns true if the critical extension is unsupported.
Checks if the given string is not in the array.
Creates a copy of the given node.
Cleanup the context
Initialization method.
Build a list of URLs from a shard.
Returns a reader on the input stream with the given charset.
Converts a rendered image to a zlib byte array.
Adds a new vertex to the graph with the given id.
Configure the local services.
Returns the index of the given character sequence starting at the given index.
Append a string to the buffer expanding if necessary.
Push a function to the end of the list.
Returns a string representation of this node.
Sets the meta data column descriptor.
Filter out years from the list of items.
Rejected by this provider.
Validates the given bean.
Insert bracket after command.
Attempt to choose a formatting pattern.
Fill picks.
Create a copy of the font preview.
Test sign bytes zero null3.
Cast to a given type.
Delete a file or directory if it is a directory.
Initializes the sorter with the given meta and data.
Print annotation from editor.
Add a point to the list.
Loads a configuration from a properties file.
Add an item to the list.
Add an annotation to an annotation element.
Reads a boolean.
Returns an enumeration of the measures of the formula.
Gamma function.
Starts the ticker with the given delay.
Returns the cipher suite for the given ids.
Creates a pending action context.
Show droidsafe text markers for the given class.
Resolves a new expression.
Pick up to three of the given sizes.
Verify a log record.
Copies the given transferable to the system clipboard
Format percent string.
Update the enabled state of the actions.
Returns an immutable copy of the given collection.
Tracks the images associated with the hex.
Parses the given string as a date using the default format.
This method determines if the supplied node has been processed.
Power on all the synthesizers in the sequence.
Fetch a triangle from the given edge.
Generates CRLs from the given input stream.
Deletes the entity configuration.
Returns the shared instance of the data source views manager.
Create a tag with the specified inner color and color.
Generate the definition.
Extracts the id from the request.
Uncompress the compressed data.
Poll for new tokens from the file.
Closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
Compares the remaining chars of this buffer to another char buffer s remaining chars.
Outputs the zone to a csv file.
Add an object to the current aggregation.
Extract a policy notification from the given XML string.
Flushes the journal releasing any associated resources.
Finds a parcel.
Returns the name of the field.
Checks if is login set.
Add content item.
Canonicalizes a class name.
Pauses the current thread for the given number of milliseconds.
Is highlight with invisible edge boolean.
Prepare job for cancelling.
Remove wheel changed listener.
Generate fields.
Is flying boolean.
Initialise the channel factory.
Removes all occurrences of the given regular expression from the source string.
Consumes a nested scroll.
Retrieve waypoints that match the search query.
Release the resources associated with this NoxItem.
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Add a count to the list.
)
Post a file as an attachment to a channel.
Adds a parameter to this function.
Create a new delete event.
Checks if the volume is restorable.
Read a quoted string.
Checks if the given buffer is too large.
Reset the query time to the current time.
response.
Checks the state of external storage and alerts the user.
Returns the plural or singular of the given noun for the given quantity.
Use this method to verify an XML element against an alias.
Adds a video to the list.
Checks if the given coordinates are in the horizontal target zone.
Read the transport systems.
Test if the nal array has the prefix num.
Unshares the main hash with the current hash.
Add a multifield configuration item.
Returns the number of names in the set.
Generate random hyper points.
Parses the given parameters string.
Add a new session token for a given site.
Deserializes a distribution from a string.
Convert meters to pixels.
Sends data to the data socket.
Push a new context onto the stack.
Show bookmarks or history picker.
Loads an FST from a file.
Normalize the z - score of a dataset.
Add a location.
Creates a new formatter with the specified properties.
Encodes a string into its quoted - text equivalent using the specified charset. Unsafe characters are
Check if more paths need to be read.
Checks if is input column name allowed.
Convert a hexadecimal color to an integer.
Add a property change listener.
Test inserting or deleting a blob.
Rebuilds the edit log.
Subtract two numbers of the same length.
Restores the location map from the given file name.
Blocks until the image is ready to be read.
Reduces the number of windows by a factor of 2.
Calculates the CMS value for the given key.
Returns a hash code for this user.
Increment the number of received packets.
Parse a sentence.
Sets the directory to use.
) ; }
Check prosodic position.
Parses the given string as a decimal.
Registers the operators of the given name.
Performs the permission work before android m.
Deletes a set of containers from the am.
Create a new task.
Initialize the compiler with the given arguments.
System. getProperty String. startsWith
send next byte
Encodes the given object to a base64 string.
Create an image map.
Add the given profiles to the header.
Returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier.
Test if x1 < x2.
Moves a single node to a new location.
Create a list from passed objX parameters
Adds a record to the list of macros.
Adds an email to the email list.
Selects the best hash provider for the given parameters.
Reads up to size bytes from the internal buffer.
Sums a pair of integers.
Loads the addressbook from a file.
Removes the item at the given position.
Encodes the given types into the given map.
Clears all previously collected assertion information.
Build the operation list.
Generate a branch plan.
Add a node port to the maintenance queue.
The start of the stack.
Checks if two MIME types match.
Returns true if this instance is armed with the other.
Set the valid and invalid counters.
Checks if java script is enabled.
Compares the specified object with this ec to determine if they are the same.
Returns the name of the task.
Checksum m.
Checks if a skin spec file is valid.
Inserts the specified object at the specified index.
Handles a mouse moved event.
Load an unpacked umd file into the emulator.
Disabled the virtual manager for the given block URI.
Computes the position of a rhumb segment of a sphere.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given element in the array or - 1 if the
Returns the size of the maximum layout.
Reads the contents of the given stream and returns it as a string.
Update the count with a new value.
Logs an expiration.
Remove the ripple at the specified index.
Writes a string to a buffer.
Consume records by topic.
Tests this size for equality with another object.
Compare two version strings.
Checks if a vector is valid.
Return true if this word is an obsessional word.
Change the speed of a throttled block.
Remove the given child.
Notify all class observers of a class descriptor.
Duplicates 2.
Checks if the given MIME type is a valid XML MIME type.
Create a native page for the given URL.
Throw a parse exception.
Creates a custom editor with the specified text.
Requires a function and a predicate to evaluate to true.
Create an endpoint for a single value of the given type.
Convert field type.
Adds an XML element at the given index.
Finds the parents of the given content.
Parses a dictionary from an affix file.
Collapse a building.
Detaches an iso from a VM.
Read an error message from the buffer.
Show the pie.
Persists a profile to the database.
Adds an undoable action to the undo stack.
Create a list from an array.
Add a sample to the last ping times array.
Appends the body encoding of this request to the given builder.
Tear down the database.
Get a substring from a string.
Remove a custom sash form listener.
Writes a string to a file with the default charset and the default encoding.
Deletes the given variables from the given session.
Returns a string representation of this date.
Closes this output stream and waits for it to finish.
Parses a string as an integer.
Writes all rows of the given result set to the output.
Test special case 1.
Verifies that the given device has the expected attributes.
Add a window to the zone.
Computes the intersections of the elements returned by the iterator.
Gets the value of the ttf property.
Registers the providers for the dev machine.
Creates a new hash table with the given initial capacity and load factor.
Adds the given object to the set.
Populate blob.
Convert a double value to a bit anti - cyclic.
add near key.
Analyze class fields.
Checks if the given log level is enabled.
Load all.
Tests whether the set and get methods work correctly.
Checks if is critical.
Finds the edit table.
Write operations car file.
Checks if the current followers have a new follower.
On track point element.
Delivers the given property change event to all registered listeners.
Checks that a string starting at a given index is a valid name.
Sort fields.
Draw the background.
Adds a unique attribute.
check response of delete vm request.
Runs the test.
Limits the trans and scale of the given matrix.
Returns the value factory.
grant type refresh token
Add a style to this group.
Extract the client name from the client id.
Construct a fast future from a completable future.
Is place action boolean.
Adds a view to the cache creating a new list if it doesn t exist.
Reads the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
Plays the media.
Convert a string to a UTSB string.
Encode cache flags.
Add a data source to the data set.
Add a single value with its weight.
Builds the row for a check box.
Format and parse the given text.
Returns true if the given string is a child group.
Throw array index out of bounds exception.
Create the next uncovered locus info.
This method is called when a global configuration value has been changed.
Launch email intent.
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Inserts the given item at the given position.
add a translator to the pool
Writes a string to the stream.
Reads the next line from the scanner.
Checks if the given string matches the given regular expression.
Writes the grid table to a file.
Add footer view
Add a close hook.
Handles a rejected execution.
Updates the range of this matrix.
Checks the standard upcean algorithm.
Read the configuration from the given file.
Apply a trading bonus to a player.
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Create a combined trace from a list of traces.
Interrupt all running tasks.
Registers the default device types.
remove subsets of swc s external scripts
Draws the ticks.
Returns a function that always inserts the given elements.
Test find with spring proxy.
test constructor with radix 8
Checks if a character is in the given encoding.
Deletes a distinguished name from the LDAP.
Remove the highlights from the text area.
Enqueues all successors of the given block.
Add a role to the user.
Create a checkbox with the given model.
Create a new instance with the default time zone.
Called when a response message is sent.
Builds a list of snapshots from the given blobs.
Create a reply to this post.
Check if this entity is armed with the other entity
Create a key for an HTML attrib element.
Creates a sparse array.
Get the tuple with the maximum value for the given field
Update the radio links.
Convert two IDs to a string.
Reset the statistics for this cache.
test other to string
Removes the item at the given index.
shift right with a negative number.
Shows the filter dialog.
Returns the number of pixels in the specified rectangle.
Returns true if popups are allowed for the given form object.
Creates a local git repository from the current directory.
Returns the smaller of two vectors.
Add a test method call.
Serializes all test package results.
verifies migration of block mirrors
Set the formatter to use.
Remove a text listener
Create an idp element.
Clears the contents of this buffer.
Apply the camera to the supplied GL context
Create a point result set from a coordinate
Add a volume wwn to the existing volumes if they are not already present.
Create a random temp file.
Partitions the annos by target types.
Loads the contents of the file.
Handles a horizontal progress gesture.
Resolves the given name to a file.
Initializes the tool tip.
Decode array.
Computes the current angle based on the animation s current time and the current velocity.
The number of sigignore bits.
Generate the seed.
Render the given value expr.
Stops the current sampling.
Reverse the order of a list of points.
Creates new d dialog.
Initializes the factory.
Awaits completion.
Clamps the given value to the given range.
Returns the host directory of a volume.
Formats a time using the specified formatter.
Returns the contents of this vector as an array.
Right justify a string.
Appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list.
Update the checkpoint with the given application state.
Convert a string to utf8 bytes.
Convert a bindings map to a list of pairs.
Validates a given label.
Add a message observer to the list.
Shows the dialog with the given character.
Convert a byte to its hexadecimal representation.
Removes the element at the specified position in this Vector.
Generate a random vector using the rnorm function.
Processes a warning.
Checks if the given sub name is known.
Compute and return the destination text1 for the given diffs.
Returns true if this is a stored value.
Returns the size of all files in a directory as a big integer.
search light bit.
Filter the files based on a given cutoff date.
Calculate the major tick.
Advances to the next record in the result set.
Put a sample with a hidden attribute and its value.
Removes the ordering of the two given vertices.
Convert HTML file to plain text.
Writes the class file to the given file.
Create a new connection to a peer.
Convert an array to a vector.
Notify all registered listeners of a new version
Accepts a drop request from this connection.
Clear the criteria.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Returns the date at which the specified path was modified.
PKCS8 import boolean.
Produce a control flow graph from the compilation unit tree.
Returns true if the engine is a valid engine.
Asserts that two floats are equals. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown
Calculate the cosine distance.
Loads properties from a file.
Replaces all occurrences of a pattern with a replacement.
List all service infos for the given service name.
Returns a stream consisting of the concatenated contents of this stream with the contents of the given
Reads data from an external stream.
XY builder.
Sets this vector in the given direction.
Adapted from Maurice Clerc s method
Clears all rows from the table.
Is last invoice.
Proxy port.
Fetch the cluster name from the given cluster name.
Request my service cards from the server.
Creates new form d
Randomly sample a conditional migration event.
Checks if the given value is an attribute.
Decodes a string from ascii.
value changed.
Remove a property change listener.
Transfers the given node to this wait queue if necessary.
Create a share intent.
Factory method to create an updater for an integer field.
Convert map to objects
LSR instruction.
Builds a row limit spec from a context
Get the first common layer of two items
Remove the given amount of items from the stack.
Synchronized on indexes.
Adds the artist at the given position.
Executes a command asynchronously.
Expand and select the given location.
Advances to the next token.
Save provisioning validity in preferences.
DER - encode this PKCS9Certificate to the given output stream.
Asynchronously creates a cluster.
Returns the dereference policy element at the given index.
Test get named item n.
Writes a string to the output with the quote character.
Add a read at a given position.
Calculates the SHA256 hash of the message.
Add a property of the given type to the current resource.
Asserts that two objects are equals.
Writes the actions of an instance to a string.
Adds an object to the set of interrupted objects.
Encodes a byte array into Base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
Queries a feed and logs it.
Reads a signed 64 - bit integer from the stream.
shift right.
Returns the dependencies for the given file.
Build the logout response url.
Asserts that the component with the given path has the given text.
Interpolates a list of nodes.
Initializes the tokenizer.
Called when an illegal message is received.
Runs the worker.
Reads the next byte from the module.
Attempt to lock the file.
Opens the connection to the given port.
Returns a string containing the string.
Execute a script.
Disable a specific feature.
remove a zwave event listener
python time in milliseconds
Add the given items at the end of the list.
Returns the quote if the given name is a java keyword.
Creates a recipe object starting from a cursor.
Checks the current state of the expression.
Generate SQL statements to drop a table.
Returns true if the lock is currently locked.
Returns the cguest time in milliseconds.
find or create class
Reset the notes.
rtc set ticks
Writes a character sequence to a file with the given encoding.
Populate the nav drawer.
Runs the test.
Create a byte array consisting of the values of the given byte array.
Record an audit event for the service.
Computes the mean value of the elements in an array.
Convert a date to a time in seconds.
Selects the best match for the given media type.
Paint the border.
Ensures that the capacity of the internal array is at least the given capacity.
Invalidates the given buffers.
add dir int num ;
Checks if mineshafter is present.
Tests this xy for equality with an arbitrary object.
Returns true if the given node has an element as a child.
Deletes the item at the given index.
Count the number of CSS properties.
Prints a string to the stream.
Checks the permission of the given object.
Display all string defined in string. xml
Create geo intent.
Generate the parameters.
Writes the entire bitmap to the specified output stream.
Remove the attribute at the given index.
Get the class name from the signature.
Paints the preview of the image.
Starts the camera.
Removes all the values from the set.
Partitions a variable number of lists into smaller lists.
Recursively updates the window ui.
Clears the result list.
Finds all widgets in the given container that overlap the given bounds.
Print symbol text.
Create a new shopping cart item with the given parameters.
Returns a string representation of the distribution.
Updates the text of the border.
Add classes to result.
Resets the references.
Decodes a big integer from the given MPI buffer.
This method is called when the schema of a format has changed.
Perform a sort on a vector of nodes.
Parse a string into a date time data object.
Add a message to the queue.
Convert a string to a dbid.
Writes a short to the output stream.
Prints a long followed by a newline.
Provide metadata about the given service.
Create a compatible raster of the specified dimensions.
Create a response for an invalid entity.
Start a new block.
Initialize the neural network with the given prefix and URL.
Checks if the given message is suppressed by any of its answers.
Creates a new properties instance from the given map.
Returns the first node that matches the given query.
Extracts an array of strings from a given property.
Compare two locales.
query read result.
Adds the entry to the list if it is not already present.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Ends a transaction.
Creates a new table with a single selection model.
Reallocates the backing array to hold the given capacity.
Change the open access mode.
Computes the full URL for the given link.
Reloads the manifest.
Convert to raw types.
Add a column to the table.
Reads the data from the given stream.
Removes a display from the list.
Returns the next Gaussian.
Notify all listeners of an event.
Update the port of the contact header.
Create a new HTTP client with the given user agent.
add a new cache entry.
adds a new feature to the list of features.
Test BSBM with no solutions.
Deletes the given file logging a warning if it fails.
Removes the element at the specified index.
Add a user to a group
Creates a new logger with the specified name and resource bundle name.
Increment the value of a bin.
Validates an argument.
Sets all of the fields in the given map.
Checks if stringlist contains match in ignore case.
Computes the mad value.
Initialize all known plugins.
Stops the current session.
Sets the keep alive.
Make a new request to upload a video.
Read a number of bytes from the given buffer.
Create a multicast socket.
Subset meta data.
Validate will.
BER input stream.
Returns the next member of the given type.
Prints the suffix to the stream.
Gets the value of the systemFont property.
Add a url to be loaded.
Sets all of the fields in the given iterator to the document.
appraise git review client.
View this root block from the given buffer.
Create a new soap request.
Test enum operations.
Returns a string representation of this URI.
Verification of wildcards.
Checks if file is in target directory.
Skips the first occurrence of the specified character.
Removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection.
Atomically sets the tail of this queue to the given value and returns true if the expected value
Create a phone field with the specified value.
Attempts to load the given resource bundle.
Get the set of storage pools associated with the remote copy settings.
Convert to HTML.
Add a lock to the list.
Evaluates the U function.
Reload model with new value.
Converts a move to its string representation.
Creates an accelerated copy of an image.
Display the current state of the generator.
Writes a string to a writer.
Ensures that the internal array has at least the given capacity.
Decrement the reference count.
Convert an x500 principal to its X. 509 equivalent.
Asserts that the described value is the expected value of the cache.
Checks if is flat.
Build the limited networks list.
Evaluates the RPN operator
Adds a list of series to this dataset.
Exit the program with the given exit code.
Compares two splits by term.
Merges another aabb into this one.
Generate an auto tag for the current stack element.
Flush any pending events.
Add the default distribution set layout.
Set extended type.
Validate the validity of a new addition.
Starts the consumer.
Undo the last action.
Removes a column from the table.
Returns a string representation of this histogram
Peek at the next sample.
scan blocklet.
Returns a hash code for this condition.
Balances all segments.
Drawer with annotations.
Checks if the output has user partitions.
Inserts the specified string at the specified offset.
Reads a code point from the underlying reader.
Put an int value out to the specified byte array position.
Adds a new item to the bottom sheet with the specified symbol and label.
Prints a tag with the given string.
Consumes the next amount.
Adds an outer join to the from clause.
Encodes a string into a list of files.
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time for another
Add a swipe listener.
Returns the number of patterns in the set.
Writes a uint8 to the given output stream.
Compares two numbers of the same length.
Add a header.
Stores the key in the key store.
Appends a base type to a pointer hierarchy.
Sorts the supplied array of longs from least to greatest using the supplied comparator.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Returns the last element of this stream or null if this stream is empty.
Causes the current Thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Find the index of the given element.
Returns true if the given modifiers include the access modifier.
Writes the model to the specified file.
Decorator for window objects.
Compresses the input data and writes it to the underlying stream.
Logs a message with printf formatting.
Process updates from the queue.
Caller must hold lock.
Convert a file to a sld.
Inserts properties in the template.
Change the font of a component.
Draws the contours of the image.
Saves a certificate to a file.
clear the list of listeners
Invoke a static method.
Checks if is fill below line.
Processes the patch service result.
Find by thrift id.
Checks if the given packet is a stanza.
Execute the action if the code is a string.
Check if the bean needs to update.
Clear all beans from the view map.
Load logical tables with granularities.
Reads a block of data from the underlying input stream.
Add a subscription.
Construct a x509 cert path from a list of certificates.
Process the given XML string.
The default topology fraction.
Builds the regular expression for the qualifier.
Shorten a name to the desired length.
Blends two colors.
Returns the number of kstkeip.
Decides which UI to use based on the given options.
Convert an image to a buffered image.
Consume an array.
Returns a list of terminal nodes that have the given number of arguments assignable from the given type
remove a sensor selection listener
Writes a character to the output.
Test dex class loader.
Registers cache manager.
Makes a SQL time from separate ints for hour minute and second.
Initializes the key store.
Convert image data to native bytes.
Removes folder stacking markers from filename if it is not empty.
Discard a registrar.
Returns true if the given state is known to this automaton.
Generate a sequence of markers from a sequence of proteins.
Write a fig tree block.
Returns a hash code for this font.
Compares the specified object with this map for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Lexical handler methods
Writes the specified jpeg to the specified exif out file.
Starts the clean.
Create a template model exception for a method argument invalid value.
Compress a string using zlib.
Loads the map.
Receive notification of the beginning of a DTDHandler.
Convert timestamp to string.
Encodes a byte array into Base64 string.
Print a double value.
Returns a string representation of this IP address.
Returns true if host contains chroot.
Executes the given operation on a database.
Create a hash code for this URI.
Create a new fragment instance with the specified section number.
Imports a trl from a file.
Create a new result reader for the given problem and file.
Called when an asynchronous action has failed.
Excludes the given identifier from the blacklist.
Checks if the given exception indicates a communication error.
Gets the value of the reliable property.
Adds a new type to the stack.
Short. max value + num
Notify child support of a property change.
URL - encodes a string.
Create database entities for storage policy testing.
Create a PDF object from a page.
Add an element to a map.
Save boot prop.
Append a record to a file.
Write a timestamp to the output stream.
Returns the number of characters in the two strings that are the same.
Morpha morpha.
Deletes the given file.
Create a check mark shape.
Read all the files from the root directory.
start tcp socket.
Cut the bean.
Adds a remover to the pipeline.
Called when an action is performed.
Add a new entry to the model.
Ensures that the children array has the required size.
Create a UUID instance with the specified parameters.
Returns a pretty print of the given number of spaces.
Render a single handler.
Construct the tsdb string from the scope and namespace.
Registers a new selector.
Multiply a number by a big integer.
Processes a received response from the server.
Executes a SELECT query.
Returns the current nanoseconds.
Test a clone method.
Send a request to a remote node.
Checks if the string is empty.
Enables a dependency on the given capability.
Extract the robot debug variables for a given stack trace.
Add an integer resource.
Map the given text to the full width letter.
Asserts that two collections contain the same elements in the same order.
Determines if the request has a response body.
Returns the number of items that can be read from the queue.
Adds the given value.
Returns true if the action should be executed.
Moves the cursor by a word.
Handle a message.
Remove volumes from zone
Shutdown the writer.
Paints an icon at the specified location.
Zoom the image to position.
Lists all channels.
Checks if the file is hidden.
Checks if the view can scroll vertically.
Loads a JAR file.
Invalidates the title sortable.
Add a new row to the probability table.
Creates a JAR from the given content.
Go to the given day.
Search for a value in the set.
Close a connection
Add a details item to the message.
Add a color map listener.
Compute p.
Appends suffix to str if missing.
request all file systems.
Creates an external problem with the given process.
Check if network monitor exist.
Add a list of predicates to the conjunction
Add a random number to the matrix.
Canonicalise user s options.
Close a closeable quietly ignoring any exceptions.
Push an encrypted message.
Returns a random number within the given range.
Test simple premature close.
add a new list to the queue
Populate the task list.
Get the tuple with the maximum value.
Returns the cluster definitions tip text.
Test sign bytes positive1.
Starts a fling with the specified start point and velocity.
Add a new listener to the list of listeners.
close the stream
Returns the patience for a given number of tries.
Convert a 2D array of data into a list of series names.
Reads characters into the specified character array starting from the current position.
Prints a message at the fatal level.
Expands a number at the given index using the given relation.
Compares two strings for equality. Either or both are null.
Run the clusterer.
Checks if all directors in the allocated set have been used.
Stops the server.
Given a system id and a base system id return the expanded system id.
Frees a d object.
Compares two strings ignoring case.
Convert a uuid to a long.
Add a VM argument to the set.
Applies the visitor to the given field.
Compares a number to a negation.
Takes a screenshot and asserts that it is a valid image.
Unmount target volumes from snapshot session.
Reverse a list of directed edges.
Create a new variable.
Reads a line of text.
Adds a node to the scene.
Returns the URL of the home page.
Checks if the given sequence reader has taxonomy info.
Removes a listener from the selection.
Replaces the node at the given index with the given node type.
Handles a button1 request.
Removes the largest key from x and returns x.
Atomically removes all of the elements from this queue. The queue will be empty after this call
Called when progress is made.
Create a new node in the tree.
Constructs a new week based on the given date.
Create a code attribute.
Set the output stream for the given filename.
Read a class descriptor.
Create a new file.
or with zero one.
Execute a prepared statement with the given columns.
Builds a new configuration from the given parameters.
Checks that a string is not empty
Shutdown all unnamed tasks.
Returns the minimum and maximum values in the specified list.
Create a criteria.
Read an escape character.
Update the query params based on the authentications.
Add spaces around spans until fixed.
Removes the tracking icons.
Creates a new group metric.
Returns true if the given point is inside the bounds of this shape.
Resolves protocols.
Returns a list of all host addresses on the local machine.
Caculate in sample size.
Checks if the given status is already in the list.
Returns a string representation of the classifier.
Computes the SHA - 256 hash of a secret key and seed.
Adds a channel map to this model.
Adds an element to the queue.
Lazily put the resource.
Parses a comma - separated list of uid ranges.
Replaces the suffix of the given value with the given value.
Claim and execute a claimed task.
Create the navi directory.
The update action has been performed.
Create a class from a class file.
Returns an iterator on the target list.
Fits the size of the composite to the content.
Returns a hash code for this attribute.
Build a map of pool indexes to snmp oids.
Creates new d dialog.
Create the separator.
Adds an object to the list.
Builds the values from the given results.
Generate a signature.
Compares two negative numbers. The length of the resulting number is longer.
Writes an array of bytes to the stream.
Open file intent.
Convert a string to a java. sql. date
Round a float value to the nearest integer.
Creates a plain text value from a short
Makes a copy of this attribute.
Create the changes string.
Declares an infinite loop that does nothing.
Checks if a file can be written.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Reads a bytecode from the given input stream.
Test the skip operation.
Add a string to the end of the string.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Computes the Cholesky decomposition of a matrix.
Finds all crossings between two cells.
Find by thrift id.
Sets the location of the repository.
add a property to the carbon container
Create the delta tree.
Returns the title as a string.
Returns the number of key - value mappings in this map.
Replaces all occurrences of a pattern in a string.
Determine if a given coordinate is in a given zone.
The text of the associator tip.
Read the labels from a reader.
Parse a double from a string returning a default value if the string can t be parsed.
Registers an application.
Add or update a profile.
Prints a character.
Initializes the block views.
Removes all trails with the given id.
Creates a new instance of d
Parse a number list.
Constructs a new exception with the specified detail message.
Randomly scramble the array.
Parses a sip header.
Convert a color from SRG to RGB.
Record the beginning of the program.
Rotate a point around a y - axis.
Checks if the word is pronounceable.
Add split edges to the given list.
Needed by CGLib
Allocate a mem based cache
Update text widths.
Enables or disables the overview checkbox.
Called when the mouse enters a component.
fetches a page of collections from ZooKeeper
Makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
Add an array of IDs to the query.
Stops the named monitor.
Normalizes a URL.
Invokes the method with the given input and output streams.
Commits the local transaction.
Adds an object class attribute to an entry if not present.
Populate area list.
Read a name from the given stream.
Concatenates the specified character to this string.
Returns the logarithm of the odds of a given probability.
Signals that the queue is not empty.
Fills the tree with the given tree.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Add a host to the global blacklist.
Adds a node to the cluster.
Writes this trie to the given output stream.
Sigmoid function.
Attempt to insert or refresh a new entry.
Translates the current transformation matrix by the given coordinates.
Writes an object to the output stream.
Writes characters up to the given number of spaces.
Compute the relative overlap of two boxes.
Handle the auto draw case.
Attempts to load at least the given number of bytes.
Message from byte array.
Sorts the given method descriptors according to the method sorter.
Parses a property list.
Returns true if this type has the given annotation.
Builds the tooltip for a node.
remove listener for item click events
Looks for a selectable item at the given position.
Returns a new string of the given length by padding right to the right
Collation matching rule names.
Checks if the given class loader is cache - safe.
Prints the contents of the table to the given print stream.
Creates a new part from the given encoded and decoded parts.
Create an epoch months array.
Convert a class descriptor to its internal name.
Registers the given bean with the given description.
Checks that this object is correctly unmarshalled.
Puts an element into the set.
Perform an asyncrhonous collect operation
Convert a value to the singular form.
Registers a builder for the given company ID.
Translates the given node.
Apply any overrides from the properties file.
Reads the reader and returns it as a string.
Computes the similarity of two lanes.
Force overflow.
Finds the index of the first occurrence of the given string.
Prepares a string representation of an operand.
Finds points along a brownian bridge.
Get the value of the version property of the given document type
Merges two lists of coordinates.
Print an int to standard output and flush standard output.
Copies the text from the currently selected field to the clipboard.
Handles a button1 request.
Builds the description panel.
The client.
is pss boolean.
Decodes the text value.
Extracts the values of the given collection.
is zte boolean.
Normalizes the given string according to the given encoding.
Returns the node at or after the given key.
Returns the number of key - value pairs in this symbol table.
Create a d line from a stack of points.
Convert a big integer to an unsigned byte array.
Approximates the length of a 2D point array.
Maps the mouse event to the drop action.
Adds an assignment to the clause.
Advances to the next value.
Create the icon markers.
has network connection.
Assigns a thread to the subscriber.
Validate the dynamic attribute.
Checks if the given instance is an assignable from the given type.
Initializes the war manager.
Add a command to the command bar
Connects to the given address.
Density function of a normal distribution.
Draw a given shape.
Tear down the connection pool.
Loads a list of URIs from the given input stream.
Atomically sets the given value to the current value.
Create the equality key for the given node.
Collection2 string.
Decode a base64 - encoded string to a byte array.
Remove all premoves.
clear bit.
Stop the progress bar.
Encodes the name in DER form to the stream.
Mark the model as dirty.
Returns the list of all elements in this list in proper sequence.
Remove a connection from the cache.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this option group.
Splits the given prefix on the given string.
Convert a hexidecimal string to an unsigned long.
Sample the standard error of a skew distribution with replacement.
Loads the table with the given qualifiers.
Runs a script on the connection.
Find the first or last marker segment of the given class.
Remove all of the given values from the stream.
Resets the state of this object to the initial state.
Removes the object at the given index.
save and close.
Add a message to the list of messages.
Synchronously subscribes to the observable with the given name.
Calculate nice number.
Copy a header to the req buffer.
Send a metric to the telemetry client.
Sets all of the fields in the given iterable to the given values.
Finds a resource on the class loader with the given base resource.
Formats the string with the given formatter.
Checks if the element at the specified index is specified.
Creates a new stat for the given archive.
Initialize adb socket address.
Reads length bytes from the file starting at the given offset.
Checks if the given tag name matches any of the tag names in the tag list.
Shutdowns the JVM.
Returns true if the given row has been expanded.
Find the end of the label.
Add a listener to the animation.
Information about the request.
field1 == field2
Draws the given text.
Updates the current race if the given list contains the current race.
Determines if the parameter is required.
Send data to receiver.
Print the matrix to the output stream. Line the elements up in columns with a Fortran -
Creates a new set from the given map.
Remove biomes of the given type.
Calculates the requirements for a given layout iterator.
Writes an integer to the given writer padding with zeros if necessary.
Returns an LDAP filter that is the or of the given filter set.
Sends a blob instruction.
Defines the labels.
Merges the given intervals into a new set.
Drops all occurrences of the given elements from this GString until it finds a non - null
Adds a new node to the graph.
Print text to console.
Reduces the size of the internal array to the size of the array.
Recursive method to compute the polynomial division.
Assert that at least one of the given threads stay alive after the given delay.
Creates a new worker manager with the given id.
Processes a message from the client.
Attempts to insert the given point via this algorithm.
Checks if the buffer size exceeded the threshold.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Returns the maximum width of this list.
Write a portion of an array of characters.
Round this point to the left direction
Determine the proxy for the given target.
Add a reference to the list.
Returns a new array with the same contents as this array.
Returns true if the thread is running.
Unwraps the vcf from the source file to the tmp file.
Registers a new user.
Creates a select statement with the specified columns
Test compliance.
Convert a sequence model to a set.
Load a key store from a stream.
Writes a location to the stream.
Get the offset in the vtable from the current position.
Evaluates the given expression with the given context returning the result as a string.
Convert a netty. handler. codec. http. http headers to Armeria headers.
Calculates the RMS from the audio data
Initialize the program
Checks if the given alias exists in the keystore.
Inverts the selected relations.
Negative float value.
Bind key store.
Draws the center of the connectors.
Checks if handle is a merge or not.
load the trust manager
Is outside doc elem boolean.
Creates a new worker pool of the given size.
Invoke the given method catching and throwing any runtime exceptions.
Clears the current normal vector and depth.
Adds a new helper text which should be shown depending on the password strength.
Advance to the next minute.
Creates a new token stream for the given attribute source.
Resolves a single class.
Returns a new map that is valid according to the given source map and mode.
Finds the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array.
Adds a synthetic edge to the result.
Add states from an array of states.
readObject is called for each object in the stream. The object must be an instance of java.
Retries at most the given number of times.
Adds a new task to the list of tasks.
Initialize the compute program.
Sorts the values.
Reads an object from a byte buffer.
Generates a group name from the given policy name.
Asserts that the given result set has the expected types.
Creates a new action group with the given actions.
Add a new row to the table.
Push a term onto the pending list.
Construct a numeric literal from an object.
Atomically swaps the head of this queue with the given node.
Removes the dependency kind of the given node.
Creates a new concurrent map with the specified number of mappings and aggressive concurrency.
Checks if a connection is allowed for the given event name.
Skips all whitespace characters.
Returns an enumeration of the literal result attributes.
Parses the given string into a map of strings with the given separator.
Returns the priority queue of the given collection.
Returns the resource id.
Gets the value of the initial property.
Denormalizes a char sequence.
Performs save as.
Returns true if the task has been aborted.
Appends an element to the end of the list.
GZIP skip method
Test web data.
Print a boolean to standard output and flush standard output.
Allocate space in this process.
Closes the database connection.
Add a qualifier to the version.
Perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Unregister a baggage handler.
Creates a new dataset with the given parameters.
Asserts that two arrays in exact same order are equal.
Collect text.
Unproxy the given annotation.
Parse an expression.
Adds a new section to the list of sections
Gamma function.
Flush the stream.
Deletes characters from the buffer.
Add a plotter to the list.
Finds a node in the table that is near the given key with a value in the given
Add a live listener to the list of listeners
Find the next match in the input string.
Performs an action on a fault.
Checks if the given sequence contains any whitespace characters.
Decodes the given base64 - encoded value using the given coder and returns the decoded value
Performs validation on the given data.
Adds the given values to the current value.
Returns a list of all objects owned by the specified owner.
Computes the polynomial for the given input and output.
Add a parameter to the request.
Compares two objects based on their natural order.
adds a listener to the experiment
Calculates the bounds for the given index.
Subtracts another g from this one.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Returns the offset of the first static field of the given class.
Send a warning log message.
Returns the first element of the array.
Called when an action is performed.
javax. net. ssl. SSLSocketSocketFactory
Upgrade a server instance.
Creates a new instance of the given class.
Pops the element at the current index from the stack.
Create a new msrp session.
Create a new forum post.
Draws a mark.
Invoked when the component resizes.
Convert a block of bytes to a hexidecimal string.
Changes the label value.
Writes a byte array to the compressed output stream.
Update the position of a point.
Causes the current thread to join but does not wait for it to finish.
Clamp the view horizontally.
Wrap the request in a wrapper.
Convert a X coordinate to a panel coordinate.
Forwards the specified request to this handler.
Returns a set of primary keys for the specified table.
Reads an unsigned integer from the given stream.
Token to prefix token.
Add a record to the list.
Schedule send.
Awaits completion of a match.
Joins each item of an array into a single string using the given separator.
Finds the binding for the given key.
Initialize the compute program.
if task completed success or failure from response
Centers the content of the list horizontally.
Appends the given text to the body.
on restore instance state.
Sets the hour and day of the week.
Undo the last undo step.
Is connected using WiFi?
Flushes the buffer and closes the underlying writer.
Returns true if this ordering is empty.
Process a file.
Extracts the music id from the given media id.
get scope is null.
Builds the parameters for the given method.
Returns true if this set contains the specified cell.
Generate a simplex noise generator.
Extracts the specified number of elements from the array.
Processes the new lines.
Initialise the lookup table.
Returns a string representation of the format constraints.
Reads the data from the given stream.
Increase or decrease the indentation level by the given delta.
Returns the current capacity of the buffer.
Consume a code string.
Returns a random string between the specified indices.
Test BTreeBuilder. reopen ( ).
Search for a file in a list of paths.
Returns true if this set contains an unsupported critical extension.
Formats a double value.
Load repository and agent name from system properties.
Perform soft signin.
Test view alter and cache.
Appends a string representing an approximation of a unit.
Create an element in the given document with the given name namespace and prefix.
Modifies the content of a file.
The commands to execute when in state 2.
List options.
Computes the location of the earth surface at the given latitude and longitude.
Notifies this component that its size has changed.
remove a turntable
End an element.
Convert an image to a matrix.
File system utils.
Get the size of the scheduled queue.
Creates new d dialog.
Destroy the scene.
Joins a line segment with a limited mitre.
Discards any non - base64 characters from the given data.
Multiply a number by a negative scale.
Reduces the lease duration by the given limit.
Returns the path of the cookie.
Format a decimal.
Generates a new category item with the specified label format.
Make an id from the given oid.
Add attribute to cache.
Reads a grant policy.
Populate the volume information container.
Detach from recycler view.
load file.
Try to open a stream as gzip if it can.
Returns the hash code of this location.
Performs a range query of the given address field using the given prefix length.
Create a subject from an am user.
Expands the vector by the given number.
Do the normal command line list.
Load a hex image.
Triangulates a point set.
URL - encode the given data and return the result.
Write java field spec.
readObject is called for each object in the stream.
Parses the content of the given reader into this parse context.
Exclude the destination statement.
Escapes the given string.
Adds a file to the classpath.
Inserts new items at the specified row.
Copies the given data into the current min and max.
Returns a buffer that has the major version number.
The source of the request.
Create data to sign.
HTTP request if modified since specified time.
Deletes the temporary journal file.
Create a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions.
Play together a collection of animations.
Prints the error message.
Request statistics string.
Applies the L1 regularization.
Called when a key is pressed.
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Loads the participants of a move.
Determine the preference vector.
Paint the arrow in the foreground disabled state.
flip bit inside a negative number
on user.
Returns true if there are more events to process.
Extract an xmp from an input stream.
Initialize the given validator with the given client.
Performs a cross - over operation on this Bayes Net.
Resets the digest for the initial state.
Creates a new user perspective.
Probability density function.
Returns a string representation of the given type.
Returns the encoded version of the string.
Expect this token to have the given type.
Update and Select are the same.
Test set null.
Returns true if the given type is assignable from the given one.
Detailed demand reason and penalties.
Reads sample info from a buffer.
Perform maintenance operation.
Times the given event and records the duration of the event.
Checks if is post jd.
Add a mapping request.
Finds the given template in the given path.
Read all the files from the root directory.
Add a listener to this view.
Create a new site status checker thread.
Renders the glyph.
Returns a new list that is the same size as this one but replaced with the given list.
Releases the app context.
Deletes all tables.
Find one by id.
Marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
Exchange the given request and origin for a new request.
Discards alpha.
Convert unix time to file time.
Encrypts a string using the specified secret keys and encoding.
Removes the given address from this repository.
Measures the given width and height.
Report the end element trace event
Verify migrate from product home.
Returns the current spans in the history.
Formats the given message with the given arguments.
Insert prosody settings.
Create a folder at the given path.
Rotate the matrix after rotation
Create ticker text.
Adds a protocol to the set if it does not already exist.
Returns a string representation of this vector.
Add a key to the map.
Loads the configuration from the given resource.
Logs a message.
Draws the chart on the vertical axis.
Construct a public key from its encoding.
Returns the number of hits for the given query.
Returns true if the left side evaluates to true.
Add a header with the given name and value.
Perform an async max operation
Prints a character followed by a newline.
Test write method with empty record.
Commits the changes.
Test update and select.
Extracts a string with the given indent.
Get the full path of the given filename.
Attempt to add a file to the container if it does not already exist.
divide negated.
Encodes the given plain string using the given charset.
Slide the picker up.
add sticky items
Indicates if the logger is currently enabled for the FINEST level.
Resets the tree.
Returns the sine of the specified angle.
Method to extract the data from the stego data
Creates a related session id from the given prototype.
Compute a cardinal spline from a set of points.
Return true if the given sequence matches this pattern.
Compares two comparable objects.
check if the root apk exists
.
Synchronizes the rest of the elements in the iterator.
Recursive component search.
Checks if the implementing class of the template is fingerprint
Writes an float field to the stream.
Extracts the column keys from a line.
Draws the rhombus polygon.
Convert and fill value buffer list.
Instantiates a class with the given name.
Generate a derived key.
Tests system run finalization returns even if queue is empty.
Show the keyguard.
Computes the width of a string.
Checks if the given event passes the sanity check.
Display the palette or properties.
local date to string.
Creates a new data source metadata object.
Create an email field with the specified value.
Lookup an address from the given parameters.
Add a change listener to the list.
Creates a new node.
Specifies the maximum row and column span of this cell.
Starts a new XML element at the current position.
Formats the message with the given format string.
Checks if the given interval is equal to this one.
Returns the given url relative to the given base url.
Starts the task.
Create a new index.
Close the plog file.
Parses the first consonant.
controller initializes buddy panel
Compiles a javac file and returns the output.
Park this thread and check if interrupted.
Lists all the GPUs on the system.
Add a dependency to this request helper.
Tests if obj is a date.
Convert config to xml string.
Builds the quadrilateral from the given points.
Heapify up.
Inserts a new key - value pair into the trie.
Releases the lock on the queue.
Checks if the filename contains any of the sub formats.
Write the constant table to the output stream.
Initializes the properties for the server.
Add a network listener.
Appends the content of the appendable url buffer to the request.
Add an error listener to the list of listeners.
Validate class name.
import base types.
Read a matrix from the node.
Record a file system operation for auditing
Sets the error code and message.
Creates new d dialog.
Compute the dynamic vm.
Normalizes a string builder.
Skip to the given index.
Remove an organization configuration.
Removes a listener from the list of listeners for a specific group.
Sets the changelog mapping.
Extract the key from the name.
Calculates the spacing between two points.
Transform a string map.
Creates a new gral component manager.
Deletes all observers from the list.
Unsynchronize a source audio stream.
Calculate the general encryption key.
Captures the message using the specified logger.
Unzip a byte array.
Inserts the specified item into the combo box at the specified index. If the combo box is
Pauses the current thread and yields to the given coroutine.
Check if there is an error in the output.
Encodes the number as a string.
Decodes a string to a map.
Returns an unmodifiable view of the keys contained in this map.
Starts the streamer.
Explicitly set the lineage.
Runner for the given eclipsec file.
Returns a string with the specified indent height.
Reduces a calendar by a number.
Surrounds the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
Returns the first non - null coordinate in the given list that is not in the given list.
Trim or pad a string to a given length.
Schedules the next execution to the timer pool.
Decrypt len bytes in the input byte array in this cipher parameters.
Print os info.
Advances to the next value.
Hashes a string using the UTF - 8 encoding.
Returns a native guid for the given parameters.
add servlet with name and jsp file.
Compares this object with the specified object for equality.
print error level log of throwable
Remove a sip event listener.
Creates a new execution system instance.
Checks if the given type is a SQF command.
Sends a report to the reporter.
Returns true if the given string starts with any of the given prefixes.
Test ordered by datatype.
fire a mouse clicked event
Appends the given values to the given string.
Paint the content border top edge.
Analyse all the results and write the results to the output directory.
Execute a SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Create an entry from a list of lines.
Clears the highlights of the parser.
Reads a short.
Formats an integer into a byte array.
Appends a character array to the end of the buffer expanding if necessary.
Checks if the given user has the permission in the given order
Checks if the class is an annotation.
Returns true if this basic block is equivalent to the given basic block.
Calculates the Checksum of this checksum.
long label
Instantiates a new block.
Install normal.
Recursive method to create the insert list.
Read the metadata of an outline file.
Returns the length of the run.
Convert a stream to a byte array.
Apply a global constraint to the given parameters.
Inflate the overlay with the given string.
Runs a brute force hash on the given seed.
load a fancy class loader
Checks if the given resource has been modified since the last time it was loaded.
Flips the contents of this image.
Attempt to parse the given string as a byte.
Returns all namespaces of the given element.
Draw the hook.
Compress a bitmap to a byte array.
Called when the continue button is pressed.
Sent by the client to the server.
Resets the internal state of this object.
Copies all files from source to dest.
Rebuilds the journal.
Records the current log data.
Loads rewrites from a string.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this group.
Handles a connection close.
http request event.
test negative2.
Format a double value.
Removes the items at the given positions.
Recompute the bounds of the current shape.
Convert a string to a colour.
Returns the rank of the matrix.
Executes a random modifiable variable modification.
Saves content to a file.
Delete old temp files.
Flush the current transaction.
Convert a byte array to a buffered image.
Despawns the given object.
Get the topic for the given event id
Returns the result of the match.
Create a project constraint.
Decodes a quoted - unquoted string into its original form using the default charset. Escaped
Copies the original to the target extent using the world transform.
Returns the class object for which the security manager has been initialized.
Helper method for path style drawing.
Convert a color to an angle.
Parses a bounded size.
Canonicalizes and adds an encoded query parameter.
Create an image link.
Creates new namespace with given creator qualifier owner and users.
Decrements by the given amount.
Update the current color.
Clears the array.
Acquire the exclusive write lock.
Clear the cache.
Update the podcast publication date and the last media url.
Remove our u.
Make this object immutable.
Get a precomputed knn.
Adjusts a set of positions by a given amount.
Appends the id to the buffer.
Create an available migration with the given version.
Comment string.
Draws an image using the supplied affine transform and observer.
Display the agent type.
Select all elements.
Add raw nvp.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Read an unsigned integer.
Get all countries for a given address type.
Adds a pause listener.
Make this object immutable.
Adds the given component to the list of components.
Opens a URL with the given URI.
Invalidates the specified line of the text area.
Creates a banded raster from the given sample model and origin. The origin is relative to the
Initialize this instance with values from another instance.
Removes and returns last element or null.
Check if a notification is registered for a particular client.
Read the output of the process.
Fill header and footer.
Add a new operand to the list.
Calculates the total amount of money collected in this account.
Skips the given number of bytes.
Removes all ims.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as an ASCII string.
Copies the content from the given reader using the given encoding.
Clear the dictionary caches.
Convert an array of objects to a type string.
Renames a file.
Submits a command to the camera.
Returns the set of names corresponding to the given kind.
Returns the length of the string.
Serialize digest response.
Populate combos with the services of an activity.
Finds the proper encoding for the given media type.
Convert an image to a new image.
Returns the start time of the event.
Moves to the next view in the list.
Checks if is hh.
Simulate a method.
Add a method to the cache.
Set bit at the top positive.
Destroys all beans in the given context.
Closes the given output stream.
Returns the node at the given index.
Returns visible width of the given character.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Create a new GTS filter with the given base timestamp.
Encodes an array of coordinates to a string.
Extract weight values.
Close the table.
Checks if a list of hashes are in the filter.
Ensures that the byte buffer has enough capacity to hold the given number of bytes.
Checks if a given number is a valid one for this country.
Trims the URL if it ends with the given string.
Consumes the next integer and returns it as a pair of integer and a list of long
Adds the given alpha to the given color.
Stops the server.
Copies the state of this instruction into the given local state.
Attempt to read a response object from the database.
Add an element to the queue.
} }
Adds a part to the message.
Inserts the specified boolean value into this builder at the specified index.
Checks if this unit has the given nature and weapon.
Dumps the current state of the cluster.
Opens the channel.
Finds a conversion for the given source and target.
Advance api up to given time.
Update user roles.
Send a request to the server.
Run a test against the given properties.
Adds a delete to the tail.
Returns the greater of two numbers.
Adds a new container to the list of containers managed by this container manager.
Calls the super method and writes the the the approximation of the knn
Add a method to the expression chain.
Get the current thread local request.
Creates a hash from the given password.
Schedules a commercial of the given length.
Returns a hash code for this instance.
Unsubscribes a message from the topic. If the number of messages in the queue exceeds the
Checks if is digital.
Disconnects from the server.
Test if this name ends with the given name.
Calculates the height of a view given the size of the view and the number of stars and
Checks if a string is a valid regular expression.
Determine if any specialized intent handler has been registered for the given intent.
Flush the output stream.
Attaches the footer to the given content.
Make a sentence with two children.
is state preserved1
Initializes the state of this object.
Creates a cumulative histogram.
Update icons for a package.
Parse a string into a date time data structure.
Add attribute values.
Repeatedly park until 3 times.
Sets the maximum commit index.
Finishes all the closing fragments.
Variant of ut.
Hex to string.
Finds scenarios and examples in a feature.
Convert the given rate to the corresponding speed string.
Returns the next element.
is set queue size
Convert a double to a string.
create test index creation status with bulk data hit.
Validates the given value against the given rule.
Finds the URI of the given owner.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Offers an event to the response queue.
Algorithm parameter spec.
Checks if the given character is a token character.
Draws the line and points for a given ordered date.
Add an element type.
Makes the log tag for the given class.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Relativize a URI with a specific fragment.
Paints the outline of this node.
Writes the game to a byte array.
Add import.
Draws the arrow head.
Initialize a dynamic class loader.
Unmarshal the parameters of the given method.
Load exception sensor data from the service.
Creates the resource name.
Convert an array of objects to a string.
Draw the bullet icon.
Synchronously executes a query.
Resets the runtime.
Convert an image to a buffered image.
Checks if the test has been cancelled.
Remove a directed edge from the list.
Checks if an event with the given name is generatable.
Queues a message for sending on the producer thread.
Set the until date of the event.
Returns true if the given touch point is inside the thumb half width of the page.
Deletes all files in the given file system.
Returns true if this object can be collided with.
Update the statistics with the given duration and time unit.
Submits a task to the specified queue.
Create a new task distributor.
Dumps the contents of this waveform to the specified writer.
Adds a field to the end of the line.
Add an incomplete expansion room.
Returns the desired magnitude of the ellipsoid.
Trims all leading and trailing whitespace from the given sequence.
Validate vnx smis request param.
Find the next trace.
Converts an object to a byte buffer.
write bytes to channel
Create a new sensor.
Returns the maximum of two sets of distances.
Fill a polygon.
Writes the Exif information from the input stream to the output stream.
Decode a sequence of bytes from a base256 encoded string.
Jump to the current day.
Convert an int to a byte array.
Checks if the template is valid.
Take an object from the queue.
CDF of Rayleigh distribution
Destroy the connection.
Generate a single atom of the pattern.
Creates a unary operator from the given command line udids and formatter.
Checks if the network is connected.
Called when a tab is closing.
Creates a new collection with the given name supported auth scheme level and default value.
Send a close packet.
Replaces all collapsed edges in the graph.
TimingTarget implementation.
install the title pane.
Concatenates this list into a single string.
write a long to the stream
Expand wildcards in a list of files.
Lookup a charset by its name.
Set this attribute to an integer value.
Prints a stack trace to the given message.
Executes the given query.
Returns the cache name for the signature.
Determining if the given feature id is set.
Maps the library name to the library name.
Returns the next element in the stream.
Processes the queues of fragments.
Add a private field.
reconstruct private subrs.
Match a sequence and move the cursor to the end of the match.
Initialize the GL context.
Removes all views of this list.
Contribute request parameters.
Reads characters from the document.
Appends the given string as a lenient sequence of the given length. If the given string
Recursively merges the children of the given node.
negate of a negative number.
Create and bind an item of the given type.
Creates a panel with the given experiment.
Add a new listener to the end of the list.
Process the command line arguments.
is zoning required?
Initializes the XML.
Returns true if the given name has a value for that name.
Tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
Returns true if the window map contains a window of the given class.
Notify listeners that a bounded property has changed.
Fade to the specified layer.
Returns a hash code for the given boolean array.
Creates a new surface with the same properties as the specified surface.
Parse a string of soot method or class.
Startup a new mary instance.
Finds the start of the given column.
Decodes a color from a string.
Returns a linked list of mary modules for the given source and target data types.
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and another.
Gets the elapsed GC time in milliseconds.
Closing this writer has no effect.
Adds the entries in the given list to the given list returning the number of entries in the list
Start an object with the given number of fields.
Produce stream.
Creates a string of the specified length filled with the specified character.
Add a connection to the view.
Trims a sequence of characters from the beginning and end of a span
add finished listener.
Called when the app has finished the app.
Test get and get methods.
Concatenates multiple double arrays into a single array.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it is at least at least the minimum capacity
Adds a new value to the series.
Adds a continuation element to the test.
Calculates the rotation angle between two points.
Counts the number of occurrences of this pattern in the given sequence.
Create a CRL field with the integer value.
Print a verbose message.
Calculate the logarithm of a given number.
Sets the absolute value of the target PID.
Finish dragging a drop.
Writes a log to the table.
Inserts an entry into the dynamic table at the given index.
Extracts the secret access key from the given URI.
Do the dial.
Add a class to the set of safe classes.
Checks if there is room in the active list.
Gets the value of the running property.
Parses an RSS feed.
Returns the string representation of the bet.
Test a non empty journal.
Checks if the ip is in the map.
Returns the closest power of the specified value.
Recursive method to build the entry path from the given class.
Writes a counter to a string.
Map of imported annotations in package element.
Get the element at the specified index.
Causes the cursor to be updated.
is the middle mouse button of an event
Add a success message.
clock. set start stopped boolean.
Closes the input stream.
Returns the sequence number of the next log segment.
Asserts that a string is specific to a language.
Explosion of a block.
Returns true if there are threads waiting to read.
The amount of time in milliseconds to wait between inactive and inactive.
Equivalent to assert cond ; value ;
Adds a cos definition.
Extracts the quality code and description from an XML element.
Produce a q from an output class.
Generate a JWT token.
Export a set of symbols.
Returns true if the given message is fulfilling.
Add a data source listener.
Searches for the effective annotation mirror in the given hierarchy.
Notifies all registered listeners that the lifecycle has failed.
Reads the specified number of bytes from the specified input stream into the specified buffer starting at the
Evaluates the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Finish the parsing process.
Cancel all the included buttons.
Returns a list of entries with dead boolean set to true.
Creates an error dialog with the given title and message.
Check index header suffix.
Prints a tag with the given name list and values.
Parses a string from disk.
Determines if the object is trusted.
Creates a new persistent search request control.
Connects the source neurons to the target neurons using an equalized connection.
Multiply two characters.
Normalize a char sequence.
Add a listener to the zone change events.
Writes a byte to the underlying store.
Start listener for the given resource.
Returns the elements of this matrix as a flat list.
Resets the hook.
Hashes a key for use on the disk.
Record the current timestamp.
Tear down the program.
Parses the given string.
Default max radius.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a char array. Modifying the returned array will affect this
Number of pending workers.
Inserts a component at the specified index.
Unescapes a string.
Appends to the given path.
Adapt a map to a concurrent hash map.
Add a rule to the rule set.
Appends the given byte array to the current read data.
is the latest dss keystore?
Initializes the resource bundle.
Graphic warehouse support
Returns true if the name matches the naming convension.
remember a factory for a host
Get the next character in the source string.
return null if no such entry
Converts a throwable to a task cancelled exception.
Normalizes a range of characters in an array.
Remove obsolete elements.
Removes an action from the update manager.
Returns the error distance in the buffer at the given quad segment count
Read the next pair.
Adds the specified character to self.
Checks if the given ifd id is a valid ifd.
Removes a child from this group.
check if port exists in db.
Append a split element to the list.
Handler for osm element.
Flushes and closes the output stream.
Gets the respoke direct connection.
Appends the national number to the current string.
Cut the clipboard.
Stops the service.
Releases the index.
Set up the prefix.
Writes an affine transform to the page.
signum of a number
Prepend a painter to the end of the chain.
Parse an operator.
Transfers the specified object to the specified destination object with the specified number of steps.
Add syncs to the queue.
Removes the series at the given index.
Adds a glue to a matrix.
Writes the given result to the given file.
}
write blocklet info to file
Renders a tree.
Replaces each substring of the original string that matches the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Compares two characters in a string.
Adjust backing file length.
Alphabetically sorts a list of subnets.
Creates a JS method invocation expression.
Performs a click at the current mouse location.
Generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization.
Execute the SQL to drop a list of tables.
Create a new segment on disk.
Checks if a person with the given email exists.
Ignore na n.
Bump the index for the given block.
Remove a connection from the cache.
Tests if the next character on the queue is a letter or digit.
Declares a new vacuum environment.
Generate a remote file from the given class definition.
add on long click listener.
Remove a respawn point from the list.
Create a gps image from a file.
Convert a byte array to a long.
Lexer for unicode escape.
mouse entered the window
Remove formatting from a string.
XOR on shorter strings.
Prints the current state of the battery to stdout.
Returns true if the list of RDNs is empty.
Writes the object to the local csv file
Create an organization configuration.
Deletes an authentication domain.
Add a remark on the given element.
Event pre modify.
Synchronously saves a document to the database.
mark is supported for this stream.
Resolves the name of the parent relation.
Create a new byte column with a default value.
Convert a select statement into a tree of nodes.
Executes a JavaScript function.
Create a new htm.
Format the given sample rate.
Returns true if this thread is closed.
Starts the hasher.
Simple simplifier.
Escapes the given bytes.
name.
Convert a DOM document to a string.
Returns a MongoDB client for the specified members.
cast a string to a boolean value
Returns true if there is more work to do.
Set a new seed.
Generates the class file.
Returns true if the embedascff option is set to true.
Main method for running the generator.
Mosesizes a feature if configured.
calculates the height of a demo text
Checks if the thread is being shut down and throws an exception if not.
Remove progress threads from the queue.
Invoke a varargs method.
Fire an indexed property change event.
Removes the active loco icons from the list
Captures a string.
Converts a long value to a localized integer string.
Test parsing of client handshake messages.
Runs the test.
Checks that the given value is a valid opcode in this frame.
Create a template for the given string value.
Returns true if the custom area should take focus.
Initialize the certificate with a private key.
Selects existing zones for each wwn and ports.
Checks if the filename has one of the given extensions.
write jar resource.
Closes the underlying file.
Sets the event listener.
Returns the list of child nodes of the given node.
Sets the job context.
Computes entropy for an array of integers.
Add a method to the class.
Add the replication factor to the operation.
Displays the initial splash.
Decode the suffix of the line.
add a transaction to the hash table.
Calculates the spacing between two points.
Returns true if the given method is a polymorphic method.
Construct a new jk.
Select attribute set instance.
Make sure the file is open.
Test canonicalizing cache.
Print an object to standard output and flush standard output.
Stops the service and executes the given runnable.
Reads the next number from the stream into the buffer.
Generate the graph file.
Close output stream.
Add a property change listener.
Checks if the session has expired.
Load user info into the action bar.
Returns the direction of a key event.
Creates a new trace graph from the given spans.
Gets the value of the persist property.
Makes a date from separate Strings for month day year hour minute and second.
Restart a failed Mesos task.
Find config in working directory.
Attempt to add a word.
Called when a user clicks on a specific preference.
Read www authenticate header.
Converts the given boolean value to a string value.
Test sending and receive.
adds live = true to the query
Converts the given URI to a string.
Checks if a value for the given key exists.
Adds a site to the list of sites.
Draws an image using the given affine transform and observer.
Parse an integer from a digit array.
Samples an activity monitor.
Returns the extreme locations of a great circle.
Initialize the given checkbox with the given checked and enabled state.
Paint the check mark.
Find the index of the first occurrence of a name in a string.
Write a command to the log.
Reload the cache.
Creates a new DNS entry with the given parameters.
Creates a new line - separated list of strings from the given stream. The stream is not closed
Add a content spec to the current element.
Grow the spine by num elements.
Attempt to reconnect to the remote host.
Gets records.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a string. The returned string may be different from the original
Checks if the variable has a change event with the given name.
reset the state of all xml objects in the manager
Returns the distance between this circle and another.
Creates a new command with the given name and arguments.
Grows the size of the array by a given number.
Converts a table name to the table name.
Create a new plugin with the specified modifiers and add to the modifiers.
Traverses the graph in a breadth first search.
Renders the given view with the given type and priority.
Checks number of arguments.
Sends a multicast announcement.
The drawing attributes.
Closes the underlying scanner.
Create a policy tree for an organization.
Rollback method for creating snapshots.
Converts a time string to seconds.
Detaches an activity from the view maps.
Reads the preferences from the shared preferences.
Add download info runnable to active list.
Add an expression to the tla code.
Returns true if the given hunk is legal.
Type the given string.
Returns true if this provider provides an identifier.
remove redundant affix
Returns the next random number from the list.
Resume the week selection.
Store the last use.
Returns true if the given child element can contain the given element.
Extract arcs from an OID.
Test is duplicate string.
Update the priors for the given conditional density estimator.
Returns true if the file should be accepted.
Compares two numbers of the same length.
Add a connection to the pool.
Increment the access count.
Compares two double values.
Bitmap to byte array.
Creates a new nb.
Returns the logarithm of a number at a given base.
Evaluates the U function.
Provide a descriptor for the file saver.
Read a block of data.
Add a run to the list.
Copy the converters to the given array.
Add an output sensor.
Initializes the reader with the given channel.
Reset the state of this object.
Executes the given consumer with the value if present.
Send an intensity value to the device.
Reads the next float.
Creates a new scheduler.
Test the fill method for the iiii function
Calculates and returns the width of the layout.
Deletes the contents of this file.
Executes the check.
ContentHandler method.
Converts an ISO8601 duration to a human readable string.
Sends a message to a group chat.
Converts this string to its string representation using the default Locale.
remove a thread from the running set
Node event handler.
Read the source to log.
Delete the current license file on disk.
Test network parameters.
Loops continuously reading from the input stream.
Reads a chessboard from the given input stream.
Update the bounds of the fast scroller.
Creates new form d
Create a directory.
Is operating system Windows 8?
Finds all functions that are not used in any of the given units.
Add a range of values to the list.
Returns the no proxy list.
Adds the includes to the linker.
Add a new observation with the specified value and group.
Variant summary.
Reads into an array of bytes. This method will block until some input is available.
Appends the given lines to the end of the existing lines.
Update the left and entered person attributes.
Removes the map at the given position.
Present licenses.
Adds a geo key.
Detect a given GTS using BSYN patterns
Append candidate strings to the given string builder.
Serialize an array of booleans as an XML fragment.
Add outbound rule.
Creates a Skype instance with the given username and password.
stop dragging a touch event
Add the given flags to the current layout.
Returns the alias of the certificate in the keystore that matches the given certificate.
Purge the last N articles from the database.
Recycles the views in this list.
Verifier constructor.
Paints the component.
Inserts the string before the current key.
Transfers data from the input stream to the output stream using the specified buffer size.
Loads properties from the specified directory and checks that the value of the property is the same as
Add and check.
Serializes a compact triplet from the given node.
Creates a checkbox and adds it to the container.
Pushes a new state onto the stack.
Drops an index on a table.
Returns the element at the top of the queue without removing it.
Adds the given processor to the list of processors and returns the index of the processor.
Appends data to the script at the given index.
Initializes the resource comparator with the given configuration.
Deletes the least used connection from the pool.
Convert less than one thousand.
Checks if the given URI is an embedded base64 image.
Changes the current state of the system.
Attempt to parse a link label.
Read file as string.
Invoked when an exception is thrown.
Check access.
Close the file.
Selects an operator.
Splits the given string by the given delimiters.
Convert boolean array to string.
Decodes the given string as a buffer.
Clears the content of this view.
Returns a color that is brighter than the given color.
Shuts down the network thread pool.
Sets the binary value of this message.
Called when the transfer has completed.
Writes a golomb with the specified divisor and value.
Add a force at the end of the force array
Convert a number to a metric value.
Returns true if the given range overlaps the given sequence.
Sets the value of the Bessel function.
prepares the record for execution.
Checks if is configured.
comma delimited list to string array.
Reads a byte array from the given file.
Terminate the process with a fatal error.
Create a backup file.
Add a pair of integers to the stack.
remove data dir
append slave template id to container config
}
Deletes a set of users.
Returns true if the given file should be accepted.
Removes the given region from the list of regions.
A utility method to close an input stream without throwing an exception.
LexicalHandler. startElement LexicalHandler.
Stops the selector thread.
Provide access to the temporary storage.
Calculates the width of the bar for the given renderer index.
Starts the camera.
Add a breakpoint listener.
Update the component.
Removes and signals threads from queue for phase.
Convert a string date time format to a date time format.
Prints the stack trace of the throwable. If the throwable is not a JDK Throwable
Visit a type. This method will be called for every node in the tree that is a type
Creates a new instance of the block.
Poisson distribution function.
Recursive method to find an expression.
Add a channel to the cache.
Deletes all files in the given directory.
Copies the input stream to the output stream.
Releases the resources held by the thread.
Removes all leading characters from the given string.
Retrieves an element from the queue blocking until one becomes available.
Attempt to schedule an action if the current thread is the duty thread.
Submit a task for execution.
Add attribute selection.
Create a new left over byte array.
Samples the action values.
Called when a channel is closed.
Configure simulation with less mode.
Checks if the given id is the next one.
Checks if the given class is visible in the given class loader
Removes an event from ZooKeeper.
Populate the schema from the given schema.
Test if the given string is this attribute.
Add all string in array to list
Remove a toast from the list.
Test the parsing of the header and data.
Generate a secret key from a password.
Partially escape the assertion value.
Filter leftover view.
Returns true if a declaration with the given prefix is already declared.
Steps the agent.
Calculates the physical status of an attack.
Sets the vertex processor
Release a string back to the pool.
Validates that the number of replicas in the slice is the same as the number of replica
Declared as class.
partition spec to name string.
Converts a char sequence to an input stream with the specified encoding.
Test if the string matches the regular expression.
Deletes a cheque.
Returns the partial correlation coefficient between a matrix and another.
Adds a column to the table.
Add put and get.
Check if the saturation is valid.
Parse a cell from the given string using the given layout constant.
Notify listeners that a pseudo property has changed.
Runs a command and returns its output.
Returns the socket channel.
Test two dates in iiiiii.
Returns the string representation of the given tag.
Adds the file filters to the given chooser.
Attempts to get a value from the registry. If the value cannot be found in the registry
Parse an RFC 822 string to a date time.
Validate a model.
Adds an annotation to the current page.
Find the preferred provider id for the given request.
Check and create a directory.
Asserts that the subscriber has the expected values.
Checks if the journal needs to rebuild.
Prints a float followed by a newline.
Extract a register from the given environment.
On login failure.
Build method interceptors.
Remove all phis in the given IR.
Counts the number of occurrences of the specified token in the target string.
Initialize coverage map from tests.
Build route interceptors.
Validates GML.
Main method for testing this class.
Quantile function of Rayleigh distribution
Create a cipher parameters instance from a bcpbe key.
Initialize orion editor.
Writes a byte to this buffer at the given offset.
Adds a validation error.
Parses a string option setting to a map.
Generate the client credentials.
Builds the index.
Starts the guided tour with the given json string.
Deserializes and deserializes the given number of random bits.
Adds a new event listener to the list of listeners.
Clamp mag.
Handle click.
Adjusts the bytecode index of the barrier.
Returns a string representation of the number.
Create a new vector by interposing a given vector with a given offset.
Create a temporary directory.
Asynchronously synchronizes all auth data for the current user.
Creates an element in encryption space.
Choose the best view to scrap.
Draws the current wind.
Returns true if the proxy settings contains at least the given number of characters.
Equals with a default value
Parse a string key and value into a map.
Initializes the size of the view.
Add a new buffer to the end of the list.
Creates a web address from the given origin or host or pattern.
Test filter 001.
Reset tele missile attacks.
Add padding to a byte array.
Add commands from a PDF page.
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Add the last statement in the sequence.
Notify listeners that the activity state has changed.
Returns the elasticity of a given spot.
Convert an entity to a byte array.
Fetch by uuid.
Rounds a decimal value to the nearest multiple of precision.
Runner implementation.
Is operating system me.
Convert a date to a string.
Computes and returns the size of the given component.
Checks if two nodes have the same element type.
Appends the data to the builder.
Convert a long to a string.
Resets the stream to the beginning of the input.
Reads a single byte.
Writes a char sequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
Attempt to determine if the request is an IDP or not.
Compiles the prolog.
remove all listeners
Create a new input field with the given parameters.
Builds the index.
Convert a class name to a resource path.
Parses a URI with the given scheme specific part and fragment.
Adds a solution to the population and returns the id of the solution.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array.
Asynchronously creates a disk.
Checks if the given host ends with the given domain.
Disables the given attribute.
Pushes a new instruction on the stack.
Returns the POST body with the given parameters.
Looks up a key in the map.
Writes the booleans to the output.
Returns the property of the toggle node.
Decodes a number of octets from the given ByteBuffer.
Copies the elements of v1 into v2.
Reverses all the animators in the current state.
Starts the observer.
Fire a change event for the given property name and new value.
Correctness test for the LM model
Called when a list of sinks is received.
Converts a DTO to a user
Prints an SQL statement to drop a foreign key from a table.
Obtain a lock.
Point to another data point.
Collects all files that have been affected by the changes.
Update the position of a particle
Update the tick labels and visibility.
Determines if the given visual position is within the bounds of the given visual positions.
Asserts that the indices of the triple store are consistent.
Shows a specific item.
Sets an integer option.
Determine the target page.
Returns the string representation of the element at the given index.
Clones this vector3f.
Converts a glob string to a regular expression string with the given separator.
Force no loss.
Splits the given string around matches of the given separator character.
Test split on escaped semicolons.
Removes the first num elements from the source array starting from the given offset.
Adapter for database configuration.
Returns true if the tab associated with the given intent is not destroyed.
Wraps the given stream.
Handle file.
Returns true if this is a digit number starting from the current position.
Adds the specified points to the convex hull.
Reads a short.
Prints an integer to the stream.
Creates a proximity node.
is zoning required boolean.
Reply to this stream.
Creates a new CC frame with the given parameters.
Navigate to the dump page.
Add a list of messages to the list
Make a random cache entry.
Perform a swap of the OpenGL surface and display.
Returns a list of window from a list of words.
Builds the path from the given json path.
Adds an element to an array at a given index.
Returns the value of the rational function.
Returns the matrix as a string.
Create a reader for the given file.
Create a new object output stream for this path.
Returns a set of all keys contained in this set.
Add certificate validity to the list.
Add a listener to the cache.
Verifies that the given code matches the given code.
Create a new script engine from the given file.
Returns the raw module with the given id.
Extracts the given number of instances of the given class from the given arguments.
Obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year -
Recover an entry from the keystore.
new loader.
min with unequal scales
Create a new SMTP server.
Concatenates two arrays.
Rotates the vehicle in the direction of the camera.
Shutdowns the executor service.
Clears the builder.
Deflates the current string with the previous one.
Returns the index of the element in the list.
Send an error log message.
Add a property change listener.
Recursively deletes a directory and its contents.
Finds minimum version of tx.
Create a new dimensioned dictionary with a single scalar value.
Characters event.
Computes the standard deviation.
Protected method for initializing this class.
Inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list.
Creates a new multiplex manager with the specified data stores.
Returns true if the given item matches this pattern.
Returns the given value or the default if the given value is null.
compare to last received msg.
Paints the component.
Parses a time from a string.
Chooses a server alias.
PDF of Gumbel distribution
Returns the charge of a cell.
Parses the template and returns array of actors.
Test a b c.
Flushes the output stream.
Discards the current thread
Convert an i to a token.
Write the values to the buffer.
Registers a new file type with the registry.
Parses an integer from the given locale formatted string.
Parses the given XML and returns a security token response.
Processes a samza resource request.
Filter items by level.
Returns the index of the largest key in the given array that is greater than or equal to the
Add a symbol to the set.
Escapes the given string.
Get the size of the array
Convert a base 64 string to a long value.
Returns the bottom n time values in the snapshot.
Returns the sum of the authority scores of the outlinks in the given page.
Ends the job.
Performs a browse at the given path.
Append a character sequence to the end of the current line.
The initial object creation page.
Decrypt the data.
Check if an attribute is specified.
Checks the current user permission.
Stores the password.
Deletes a child node.
test a float value plus zero
Await termination and result.
Recursive method that refreshes all inherited methods of the given set.
Sets the relation to canceled.
Change annotation document state.
Removes an edge from the graph.
Simulates a long key press.
Returns true if this node has a descendant that matches the given pattern.
Writes an array of bytes to the file.
Generate the files.
Returns true if object is a cglib proxy.
Calculate the image indents.
Test for bug 10630.
Compares two boolean arrays for equality.
Move an annotation to the front of the queue.
Adds a new animation frame to the animation.
Print a code point as a string.
Cleanup minidump file.
Attempt to close the outbound connection.
Extracts a thumbnail from the source bitmap.
Writes the package info.
Returns the array of events.
Decode an ASN. 1 OCTET STRING.
Process an attribute string of that is known to be a prefix list.
Returns a copy of this results object.
Dumps a long value to a string builder.
Type a special character.
Compares two objects for equality.
Checks if the mime type is known.
Creates a new iterable that skips notifications starting from the given id.
Writes the given object to the given writer if relevant.
Helper method to write a single byte to a buffer.
Checks if the queue is empty.
Point at item.
Paint the content border bottom edge.
Emit a list.
Parses a PEM encoded string.
Creates a new parallel publisher from the given publisher.
Get the next recurrence.
Adds the given variable to the queue.
Canonicalizes a URL.
Read a string from a file.
Calculates the duration of the animation based on the initial velocity and displacement.
L2 norm.
Measures and returns the height of a specific measure.
Add a byte to the buffer.
Returns the mean value of the vector
Create a sprite from a list of sprites.
Closes the output stream.
Create sync token.
Handles nulls.
flagz command.
Close input stream.
Test the monitor with a random number generator.
Replaces all occurrences of a char with a new string.
Processes the new form.
Canonicalizes the type.
Open other uri.
Waits for all active and live replicas to become available.
Adds the specified element to the end of this vector.
Checks if the RP is not null.
Splits a file into a list of strings.
Check if the taxa is compatible with the available taxa
Draws label text.
Returns true if the map has any map objects.
Executes all throwing actions.
Dump the roots of the current thread.
Adds a field name translation to the given mapping.
Returns the minimum dimensions for this layout given the components in the specified container.
Check if a resource has been changed in the group.
Create a tel url from a string.
Constructs a new sparse SVM learner.
Restart the engine.
Add a visual sorter to the tree.
Converts the character to a string.
log PDF of Gumbel distribution
Generate format object for given codec.
Receive notification of a comment.
Finds the maximum value found by a key function.
Find object by commit counter.
Starts an animation of the specified number of properties.
Excetion string.
Splits the given string by the given number.
End the child thread
Register a transport with the specified name.
Update row in the table.
Stop the video fading edges timer.
Remove timeout event listener.
Processes a generic properties file.
Add a table lock object.
Returns a random element from the given list.
Updates the mapping for the given key.
Joins the calling thread with the given timeout.
Defines a local variable.
Opens a connection to the database.
Send an error to the SAX listener.
Called when the mouse is pressed.
Decodes the given base - X string with the given flags.
Evaluates the given function at the given line and column.
Returns the current key set.
Prints the content of a list to an output stream.
Computes the modulo operation.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this cluster.
Appends the hex representation of the given character to the given string builder.
Prints the bootstrap map.
Convert an enumeration to a vector.
Adds the given token to the token list.
LIMIT 1 LIMIT 1 LIMIT 2 LIMIT 3 LIMIT 4 LIMIT 5
Add tags to the builder.
Load the build number from the meta data.
Build a random left regular bipartite graph.
Add this view to a list of views in a given direction.
Configures the specified url request.
Convert a number to a title.
Read an escape character.
Process the given input and write the output to the given output file.
Replicator runtime configuration.
Convert a double to a local number.
Simulates the method invocation.
As long array.
Update the state of the menu.
get get and remove multithreaded.
Converts a list of strings to a string.
Remove a notification listener.
Computes the cumulative product of a vector using the ucumm algorithm.
Expand wildcards in a directory and return a list of module specifications.
report list contents.
Test for get issuer names.
Sequentially creates shard iterators.
Create a new xa object from the given properties.
Convert a number to degrees.
Add a fixed view to appear at the top of the table. If this method is called more
Checks if the given path is an absolute path.
Initialize the demand and collection maps.
Returns the instance specifier at the given index.
Craft a recipe from a string.
Write a font tag with the given name and size.
Writes given byte array to this output stream using the given coder.
Connects to the given host and port.
This method is called when a batch of instances is finished.
Configure http client.
Parses the given file into a string.
Returns a boolean version of the current test suite.
Load an XML element into the object graph
Extends the current transformation matrix with the given offset.
Dequeues resources from the queue.
Event handler.
Asserts that two objects are equals.
Returns a string containing the names of the given flags.
Returns the SQL string for the given object.
Add a new line to the current indent.
Add a fake view to the layout.
Compiles a list of projects.
Prints the contact information to the given panel.
Resolves the promise.
Adjust the name and position of a node.
Creates a snapshot.
Saves the current configuration to a file.
Counts the number of elements in list that match the delimiter.
Builds the URI from the given parameters.
Dispose a single surface.
Writes the kanji resource to the given file.
Called when an exception occurs.
Render the cube normal
Searches for resources of the given type and class.
calc the y value
Decrements by given amount.
Returns the number of nodes in the tree.
Find a connection by thread id.
Estimate a uniform distribution.
Read repository meta data from a stream.
Returns true if the given datatype is a primitive iri datatype.
Append a line to the contents.
Post process.
Returns true if the given node is in the tree.
Persists a new temp file.
Add a value to the write set.
Loads the given unit.
Terminates a worker and removes it from the pool.
Finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream. Use this method
Free an object.
Returns true if a binding exists for the given key.
Create an internal replicator service.
Checks the index of a directory.
Declares a proxy for the output stream of this tag.
Builds the list of messages.
Writes a short to the specified memory address.
Hashes a byte array using the SHA - 256 algorithm.
Loads the text from the specified url.
Puts an object into the trie.
Make this instance immutable.
Find a library by name.
Remove a component update listener.
Find by thrift id.
Returns true if the text is null or the length of the text.
Decodes and verifies a metric or a request.
Checks if the term is indexable.
Send a response to the client.
Decodes a base64 encoded string.
Blocks until shutdown is called or the thread is interrupted.
Adds a connection to the list of connections.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two points.
Convert the given string to an integer.
Add an item to the end of the chain.
Update the view.
Processes events on the port.
Returns a list of all keys in the cache.
Sets the dialogue system.
Generate a future id.
Recalculate missed alarms.
Add a name to the list of names.
Perform an asynchronous min operation
Changes to the given state.
Convert a date to a string.
Add a test to the list.
Swap two elements of the list.
Builds an array of name value pairs from an ipt object.
Allows this closeable to be used within the closure ensuring that it is closed once the closure
Matches a string against a list of patterns.
Add a server to the load map.
Adds a new leaf to the catalog tree.
Convert a time stamp to a string.
Sets the content length.
Draw the glow to the canvas.
modify lun in async mode
Replaces each occurrence of the target character sequence with the replacement character sequence. The target character sequence
Deletes the contents of this file.
Returns true if the given object is similar to this one.
Analytics tracker.
Add a tuple to this set if not already present.
Adds a song to the collection.
Queries children of a named element.
Emit a map field.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if and only if the specified
Returns the string representation of the object.
Parses a JSON string into a list of events.
Removes a table model listener from this model.
Replaces the specified subsequence of this string with the specified replacement string.
Recursively add a permission to a path.
Runs the timeout task.
Learns an entity from the device.
Checks that the signature is a valid type signature.
Test case of negative numbers.
Recursively looks for visible children of an action group.
Checks the references of the given argument.
Randomize the weights.
save as image
Checks if the given file is valid.
Remove a class from the set of src classes.
Updates the range with a new value.
Consume a bracket throw an exception if the current context is not empty.
Append a byte array to the buffer.
Enough space on phone?
Perform the cancel button action.
Add a range to the list of ranges associated with the attributed character iterator.
Convert a string to a value.
Prints the current z value.
Record a dialogue state.
Writes the UTF - 8 sequence to the output stream.
WPS constructor.
Verify a zip file.
Cleanup the pool.
}
Compares the expected object with the current object.
Generate a random seed for the process.
Returns true if exclude is true false otherwise.
decode hexa to byte array
Creates a list of user namespace authorizations from the list of entities.
Read the header data.
Draws the text of the specified number of times.
Returns true if this number is less than or equal to the given percent.
Clones this node.
Replies if the given point is inside the pref size.
Add a source folder to scan.
Suspend a previously suspended srdf execution.
Calculates the m - nearest neighbor.
Create a new server socket.
Print bytes.
Delete a native object.
Find key comment index.
Returns true if this cookie has expired.
Checks if the device supports the add to home intent.
Allocate a new multimap.
Class method for constructing an Annotation.
Returns the next value in the iteration.
Puts the connection into the cache.
Parses the given title and returns an array of strings.
Returns the current selection.
Calculates the excitatory ratio.
isvn removed.
Inserts an element with the given priority into the heap with the given data.
}
Wrap linux command.
parse a sql query
Returns the index of the given element in the given level.
Returns the number of attributes in this set.
Consumes a tag name from the queue.
Performs a deep sort on the given feature sequence.
Remove all listeners.
Decrypt a string.
L - Bessel function of order r.
Recursive function to add to the hull.
print service attribute event
Decodes base64 data to a file.
Evict the oldest items from the pool.
Generate a random population of the specified size.
start a new session
Return a list of visitantes from database.
Test two arrays of strings and shorts.
Append a character to this writer.
Inserts the given instructions before the given instruction.
Creates a new builder.
Count the number of elements in the array.
Process unprocessed items.
Pops the last num elements from the stack.
Prints to the given frame.
Delete the subject name.
Set a new attribute set on the stack.
Finish the scroll stack animation.
Add an unbounded range to the geometric object.
Send a response to the client.
Replaces all occurrences of oldchars with newchar in the string.
Returns the text matched by the current regular expression.
Canonicalizes a path.
Store a new token exchange.
Starts playing the next track.
Draws a stroke around the given bitmap.
Gets the value of the mqttDevice property.
Start collecting locking information.
Override if implementing one or more read operations.
Convert the given pixels to meters.
Append a character to the buffer.
Computes the length of a vector.
Create a cache.
The list panel.
The environment of the contract.
Removes the photo from the photo collection.
Search for the value in the sorted double array and return the index.
Computes the best match for a given classification.
To array.
Adds a failure to the list of failures.
Dump the current stack.
Convert a set of categories to a set of categories.
Load listener by server key.
Uploads a file to the server.
create ssl socket.
Recursively formats the given node.
Unregister a mbean interface.
Writes the Exif data from the input stream to the output stream.
Alphabetically sorts this data set according to the supplied comparator.
Returns true if the exception is caused by a region destroyed exception.
Appends the specified value to the end of this array.
Create a new arguments bundle with the given arguments and variables.
sce kernel for video capture.
Loads all users from the given cursor.
Convert a string to a date.
Creates a DOM document from the given input stream.
Returns the string representation of this value.
Resets the count.
Causes the specified task to be executed once in the background for a fixed rate of time
Copies the realm attribute.
Copies the given assets file to the given path.
Checks if the given object is the same as this object.
Returns the next larger double value considering precision of the argument.
Returns the three way distance between the two keys.
Discards any whitespace from the given data.
Opens the selector.
Removes the child at the given index.
Find the differences between two texts. Simplifies the problem by stripping any leading and trailing
Paints a painter.
Recursively load a directory.
Checks if any of the suppressed throwables of the given class are assignable from the given
Writes a variable size long.
Updates the digest with a single byte.
Writes an object to the given output stream.
Checks if is rp.
Gets the supported messages.
Read a configuration file.
Set int value with a default value
Combine results from multiple reads into a single array.
Checks if the current device is a retina device.
Prints an object followed by a newline.
Sets the activity that will be used to resolve this activity.
Executes a LSR instruction.
End of formals section.
Checks if the next character is a separator.
Extract the project name from a URI.
Adds a reference to this set.
Reset the notes 2.
Add a required property.
Detect and add a hit to the pattern.
Splits the rule into sets using the given direction.
Compares two negative numbers of the same length. The first is shorter.
Submits a task for execution.
Subtraction from a big decimal with pos and neg scale.
Allocate x.
Overwrites the bit at the given offset with the given value.
Checks if a string is empty or null.
add scroll view listener
Returns null if the thread is stopped.
update memory used
Translates java2 d.
Update the traffic projections.
Logs a stack trace with the specified level and throwable.
Reads a character from the underlying stream.
Decodes a BCD value.
Draw the background.
Puts a key and value pair into the map.
Add a new panel to the editors list.
Triggers the wildcard expander.
Create a new ip interface.
Collects all edit proposals applicable to the currently selected view.
Queries an extension point.
Ensures that the namespace exists in the given result.
Returns a map containing five entries.
Test the filtered classifier.
Converts the first character of the given string to upper case.
Chooses a random index based on the proportions.
Check the width of the rectangle.
Groups a list of components by their siblings.
Count the number of non - newline characters.
Convert a span to a sparse grid.
Equality of two rules is determined by the equality of their transitions and offsets.
Returns a description of this entry.
Adds a signer role to the list of claimed signer roles.
Writes the given map out as an object stream.
Causes the current thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Restore the previous output and error streams to their original state.
Returns the greatest common divisor of the given lists of numbers.
Measures the height of a view depending on a specific measure.
Puts an array of bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if
Wait for a task to complete.
Sets the content of the action.
Finds the islands surrounding the given chunk.
Inserts the function 2 into the byte buffer.
Calculates the gap between two rectangles.
Move to the next tile in the list.
has a myomer.
check if an intent is available.
Test for SSLSocket. wrap ( byte buffer a, int num, int bb ) ;
Sends connect request to server.
Checks if the certificate is self signed by the given certificate.
Insert user roles.
Finds the nearest words to the given words.
Derutcate a date from a time string.
Adds a new value to the series.
Rewinds the list to the start.
Merges the given intervals into a single list of intervals.
Formats the given type rep.
Calculates the SHA1 value of a file using the default algorithm.
Pan the domain axes of a subplot.
Initialise the controller.
Create an icon for a check box.
Closes the current window.
Deletes an entry from the keystore.
Create a disjoint set with the given number of elements.
Prints the clusters.
add a button to the gui
Removes the value at the given index.
Wraps the given split character in a token stream.
check if there is a trace of the given polyline
Deletes the given file or folder.
Returns a new double array filled with the contents of the specified array.
Encodes the given value into an n - bit integer.
Skips the given number of bytes.
Attempt to create a new file.
handle tbl ds event
Gets the value associated with the given key.
handle swf loaded event
Reply quick reply.
Writes a byte array at the given offset.
Returns true if the configuration has changed.
Compatibility with older versions of JDK.
Binds a list of local addresses.
Substitute header.
Create a new service based on the given pattern.
Removes the given object from the list.
The allowed users.
Find distributed device by name.
Reads a copy of the state from the given input.
Interrupt all running tasks.
Add multiple parameters at once.
Overwrite existing file.
Update datasource task.
Finds the line with the given offset.
Clears the current selection.
Create a non movable array of the given length with the given component type.
Recursively load a thrift file.
Restarts the proxy if the connection is closed.
Add a message to the list.
Set the key to the given hash.
Concatenate int arrays into a new array.
Returns the road permission for the given way tag and value.
Reads a byte array from the stream.
Returns the size of the given number of chunks.
Returns the tip text.
Joins this Joiner instance with the specified parameters using the specified Joiner instance.
Close the current file.
Show the interface list.
Clear all data lists for a given service
Make a new edge to this quad.
Sort a list of sequences.
Maps long value to the given key.
Recursive method to list files in a directory.
Return the path for the edge.
Release resources associated with this object.
Test a scenario with a list of methods.
Create the disk cache dir.
Checks if a method has been called.
Reads an external representation of this trie from the given input stream.
Map the id.
Add a criteria object to be ORed.
Create a failover connection pool.
Prints a formatted string using the default locale.
Initialize the cause of the throwable.
Set the message property with description and ordinal.
Creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode.
Adds or removes the given string to the deserialized set.
Paint the border.
line by line file input operator.
Read class.
Returns true if the given hostname is supported by the given HCI.
Creates a new c object.
Convert a chart to a screen shape.
Adds a window to the list of windows to be closed when the application is shut down.
The logger of the performance metrics.
Authenticate a list of discoveries.
Hashes a string.
Find the common suffix of two strings i and return the results.
Checks to see if a pin is a run.
Returns the type of the given URI.
Adds a glue to a matrix.
Returns true if the given string is a resource reference.
Leaves the node.
Returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
Adds a select clause with the specified property name and the specified as name.
Add an interface to the class.
Cuts a string from the index of substring.
http get from registry
Consumes the queue and asserts that they return the same elements as the queue.
Initializes the object with the given user.
Invokes finalize on the given object.
Remove tv show from the tree.
Checks the compliance feature of the policy.
Checks if the given object is an instance of the given class.
Inserts the specified element at the specified location in this Vector.
The age of the cache.
Returns the index of the word containing the given int.
Invalidate all switch points.
Convert vdc info to config param.
Construct a new osx instance.
Computes the prediction for the given instance.
Finishes the current wizard.
Checks if the switch port is a valid attachment point.
Fire a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
A batched image request.
Get the RGB value of a surface pixel.
Check for carry.
Add a bottom component to the content panel.
Recursively delete files and directories.
Create a temporary directory.
Emits an init.
Read cookie ignore special characters.
Performs the merge if necessary.
Transferable string.
Create a buffer for the preview.
Add a box to the list at the given position.
Create a new position.
Pads the given string to the given number of characters. If the given string is longer than
Resets the transformation matrix.
Add an activity listener.
Add a user to the list of muted usernames.
Attempt to parse the network response to a bitmap.
Apply the orientation to the given component.
Returns true if there are no widgets to display.
Finishes writing to the output stream and closes it.
creates a new parcelable adapter instance
Generate the next bytes in the given byte array.
Draws the low far out triangle.
Is this a java library class?
Returns the names of the named objects in the list filtered according to the given query.
Check touch slop.
Create a end point element.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Test multiple resource locking resources 10 and 10.
Starts an element.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array. Modifying the returned array will affect this
Parse a date to a calendar.
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Saves a template.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this group.
Add a composite node.
Processes a flood hex set.
Recursive method for expanding 2 digit numbers.
Finds the index of the specified character in the buffer.
Create a diagnostic factory with the given messages and prefix.
Returns true if the frontier is empty.
Is enabled boolean.
Variance of a dataset.
stash user info if not already stashed.
Sends a list of locations.
Serializes text.
Returns true if the element is inside a soft wrap.
Checks if the object is valid.
Clear the set.
Moves to the next number in the given position.
Grow priority queue.
Flush the buffer and reset the offset.
Generate the section label.
remove a graph listener
Smoothly fades in this component.
Execute a command.
Increments by the given amount.
Create a new service configuration from the given input stream.
Splits a sentence into words using the vocabulary.
Checks if a list of actions is a failure.
Add a string to the dictionary.
Returns a deep copy of the given matrix.
Checks if the given identifier is a valid tag.
Wait for a message to arrive.
Parses the given string as a date.
Copies a file or directory.
Set the API client to use.
Read an array of bytes.
Encodes a string into its quoted - text equivalent using the default charset. Unsafe characters are
Tests sorting by number of attributes.
Sets the values for the predicate.
Recursively delete a file or directory.
Prepares the sort key statements.
Returns the string representation of the given experimenter
Prints the magnitudes of the domain to standard output.
Creates a new Curator client.
Add a description to the tool tip.
Reads characters until the end character is encountered.
Convert an attribute set to an HTM style attribute set.
Closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
Update the current amount.
Test the creation of a unique dataset.
Evaluate this AVT to a string.
Read a dex file into a byte array
Adds a new update listener.
Runs a commercial on the given stream.
Add a sub - tree at the given index.
Generate while statement.
Gamma function of the specified gamma function.
Initialize the list of active slots.
convert raml action type to intent
Returns the hidden version of the given key.
remove the mqtt token from the map.
Is explicit all type boolean.
Reads text until the specified delimiter is encountered. Consumes the text and the delimiter.
throws assertion error ;
Returns true if this node is a leaf.
Checks if the given text contains a valid character.
Interrupts the given thread.
Writes this attribute set to the given output stream.
Creates a view with the east corner.
All events in a region.
Loads the layout for the given file.
Tracks the given file.
Replace windows separators with unix separator.
Checks if a parameter with the given name exists.
Returns the size in bytes of the given window.
Checks if the given string is a valid sq identifier.
Sorts the given list using the given comparator.
Handles a commit.
Gets the append task name.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Make a random cache entry.
Finds and returns the maximum value in an array.
Checks if the given string is the start element.
Reads a long.
Removes the element at the specified position.
Extracts the access key from the given URI.
Performs transaction.
helper method to add a boolean value to string helper
Copies elements from one array to another.
Monitor a list of URLs.
Returns the union of two IPs.
Return the blaze vertex with the given id.
Caps the current value to the given value and returns the new value.
start the monkey
Computes the L2 norm of this vector.
P - Ranked Correlation Coefficient.
Writes an OC entry to the stream.
Create an animated bitmap with a list of bitmaps and a resource releaser.
Read a label file.
Adds the converter.
Parse the source.
Truncate the map.
Dumps the index file.
Compares the parameter of the given type with the given string.
Generate random number in an array.
Escape the given text for use in a JSON string.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
Checks the headings in the hierarchy.
Returns an iterator over the elements in this collection.
Called when the mouse wheel is moved.
Executes the specified function with the specified arguments and then closes the request.
Returns true if the two IMFs are equivalent.
Loads the workspace screens from the database.
Renders the output of the node.
Format a string.
Multiplies this matrix by a scaling matrix.
Changes the state of the linked or unlinked image.
Computes a buffer for a line segment given a distance to the line.
Update the current request end time.
Checks if user is accessible to kibana.
Removes all of the elements from the list.
Returns the index of the given type.
load xml from a file
Converts a parameter to a string.
Calculates the grid sizes.
Flush the journal file.
Reduce the number of seen names by allocating a buffer if necessary.
Adds a request property to the message header.
Update this member with a new client address and instant.
Checks if is org level only.
Decrement as runnable.
Called when an action is performed.
Serializes the given object to a byte array.
Resolves a module pointer.
Add a cert store to the list.
nar class loader.
Gets the value of the block property.
Substitutes the given substitution for all parameters in the given types.
Check if the event is scrolling
test merge of two XML documents
Build a new edge from source to destination.
Push a value on the stack.
Create an extended text label.
Pads the given string to the right with the given character until it has at least the given
Checks if the given feature is supported by the given version.
Atomically removes all of the elements from this queue. The queue will be empty after this call
Read quoted descriptor.
Outputs the prediction results as a csv string.
Subtraction from a big integer.
assign id value.
Writes a swapped integer to the given output stream.
Returns true if the connection is open.
Perform a find operation and return a list of entities.
Converts a soap element to string.
Closes the output stream and deletes the lock file.
Initialize the camera manager if not already done.
Comparison is based on equals.
Writes a boolean to the output stream.
Trains the neural network with the given file names.
Test find with limit.
Prints a formatted string using the default locale.
SVD Pythag function.
Writes a big - endian 32 - bit integer to the output stream.
Queue a cube for loading.
Checks if an object is available now.
) ;
return the largest message id in the repository
Removes a change listener from the list.
Dump the current request log and remove it.
URL decode a string.
Test for get statements.
Adds all objects in the given collection to the data set.
Resets the current file list for the given log name
init the compose state
Create tool bars for the given application.
Parses the given string as a date.
Filter the given string using the given pattern.
Execute a query.
Writes a byte array to the output stream.
Encodes a string for use in a URL.
Read a currency.
Parses a float from a string.
Create a new instance of the given interface.
Request password for share via link.
Force out of memory.
Add an entry to the cache.
Scaled enlargement of two comparables.
Intersects the current clip with another clip.
Permits to retrieve an int.
Returns a new waiter for the current thread and condition. Creates a new waiter if necessary.
Clears this map.
Strips all banned codeunits from the given string.
Asserts that two strings line wise equals.
Prints warning level messages and stack trace.
Get the full form of the given string.
clear password warned time.
Strips the language country and variant from the given locale.
Appends the time zone information.
Remove listeners.
Pad a string to the left
Shows or hides the scores.
Writes a char sequence to a file with the default charset.
helper function for the kernel
Open a h2 database connection.
Emit a clear field name and its associated values.
Clears the current set of coordinates and enables recoarding.
Add an input method listener to the text pane.
Add footer view
Loads a driver from the given url.
Add a document to the index.
Put command.
Write auto increment statement.
Saves the current pusher state in the shared preferences.
Write the light to the output buffer.
Executes the query and returns the result.
Consume the next token from the input returning the value of the given pattern.
Add a new call duration.
Paint the background of a control.
Add the default values for the given attribute.
Encodes the product.
Returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
Set the resource dirs.
Makes a class node reference.
Push an import url onto the import stack.
Builds the message from the results.
Sort the suites in ascending order.
Creates a new array by adding the given events.
Add a marker.
Replaces all occurrences of a with b in c.
Helper method to reflect member variables in the button.
Test the encoder6 decoder.
Removes all actions and constraints from the group.
Checks if the given file can be written.
}
Validate the request for a relying party.
Rotates the vector by the given angle around the z axis.
Start a new service instance.
Drain the outbox if available.
Compute the number of columns.
Sets the optional value.
Kafka message listener.
Deletes an entry from the keystore.
Convert a group index to a string.
Translates this line by a given vector.
Rejected execution.
Calculates the margin of the menu.
Add a new ram to the game.
Creates a list of colors from an array of colors.
Test the configuration property.
Generate the salt.
Add a listener to the collection of listeners.
Selects the next N expressions from the list.
Writes the given number to the given output stream as a big - endian unsigned integer.
Add a message to the history.
start executor with given container
Convert a date string to a date object.
Accepts this reporter.
Loads the latest extensions from the registry.
Serializes an start node.
clear bit inside a negative number
Compares two numbers of the same length and scale.
Reads a character from the stream.
Cancels auto completion.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this group.
Sets client service proxy host name.
Verify setter methods.
Extracts element at current take position advances and signals. Call only if full.
Generate a random positive float string.
Resets all text box indexes to the given subset.
Learn an entity from the device.
Get the data at the given index in level zero order.
Show the current device version.
Count the number of times the specified character appears in the string.
Add the given color to the icon.
Reads up to limit bytes from the input stream into a byte array.
Search for the target string starting at the given string.
Validate preload order.
Executes the command.
Remove an environment var.
Calculates the string of the maximum or minimum number that exceeds the threshold.
Peek at the top of the stack.
Test is signed.
Returns the index of the last separator in the filename or - num if the filename is null.
Checks if a point is inside a view.
Unroll bounds.
Delete quota of a resource
Create basic auth header map.
Add a new extent entry.
Get the network from the cache.
Populates an XML document from a file.
Check if all the granted permissions have been granted.
Executes the given runnable.
Sends the next message over the network.
Add a field to the attribute list.
Checks if the given token is a session token.
Euclidean distance squared error.
Exports this row to the given byte buffer.
Creates the account detail map.
Rotates the subtree so that its root s right child is the new root.
Update the first radio link.
Update the statistics with a new value.
Draws a series of points.
Checks a class signature.
Select a cardlet for the given app id and suffix.
Add a project comparison entry to the tree.
Creates a source from a URL.
Test merging two web. xml files.
Extracts a re from this polynomial.
Run the finalizers on exit.
Add a result to the search.
Registers a batch quick fix.
Create a new file.
Test node has attributes.
StartElement method with a namespace aware proxy.
Dumps the current window hierarchy.
Registers an observer for rule changes changes.
Sends heartbeats to the local node.
Serializes the given message to the given output stream.
Creates a new SSL engine.
Populates the buffer with the given source.
Parses the command line arguments.
test set bit with zero
Save an object to a file.
Collapses all spans in the collection.
Randomly splits the data set from begin to end.
Returns the given path without the prefix.
Publish the message to the MQTT broker.
Removes an i from the list.
Concatenates two streams.
Returns true if the expected string equals the actual string.
Sets the force authentication flag.
Performs an HTTP POST request to the configured URI returning the user configuration.
Synchronously stops the server.
The implementation for push message async.
Write a value to a characteristic.
Link for proto element.
Reads the contents of a file line by line and transforms each line with the given transformer
Removes the given element from the set.
Sends a stream of bytes to the peer.
Sorts an array of broker items.
Protected method for subclasses to override.
Update the path constraints for the given test chromosome.
Test compaction of a single journal.
Checks if class loader is p2p deployment info
Remove trailers from the subject.
Advances to the next source.
Bitmap to bytes.
Inflates the given name using the g prefix.
Add a warning handler.
Prints a string to the stream. The character to be printed is the length of the string
Writes an attribute to the current element.
Generate the syntax for the definition of the attribute.
Writes a buffer to the socket.
Skip a value of a member.
Recursive join.
Generate minimal MATLAB.
take a recorded request from the queue.
Returns the column index for the given location.
Recursively find files in a directory and its subdirectories.
Generates a SQL statement to drop a table.
Registers all child listeners.
return true if current scroll amount is out of bounds
Reduce a list of instructions.
Returns true if this node is locked locally.
Try to move.
Compares two negative numbers.
Deletes the word at the given index.
Cumulative density static version
Read in a file line by line with a single character.
Generate a native guid for a port indication.
Determine if the given paths are contiguous.
Sets this reader to the specified string.
Add a field to the query.
Returns the current date as a string in the given format.
Initialize the stream buffer size.
registers a sensor at the specified index
Converts a string to a number.
Samples from the distribution.
Apply replacement to the contents.
Implementation of encryption key.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Process a list of packages.
Check if the given direction and facing are the same.
Parses the given path.
Create a variable declaration.
Reads the contents of the panbox file and verifies they are the same.
Checks if the given media type is supported.
Exports the dependencies of the given JCas object.
Fixes a signature by removing leading zeros and trailing zeros.
Checks if a network is available.
Returns a random string with the specified regular expression.
Creates and saves expected partition value entities.
Returns this element as a string.
Register a runnable to run in low memory.
Writes the message to the specified data output.
Extracts a soft reference from an object.
Formats a long as an integer.
Uncontribute the given addon.
Copy a direct page from this file to the given output stream.
Write raw bytes to the buffer.
Asserts that the backup status is consistent.
Metadata error.
Checks the current state.
Sorted the list of movies.
Parser for pairs and values.
Poll stats from broker
Makes the given pathname acceptable by this filter.
Checks to see if the edge a - b intersects the cell boundary.
Update the overlay contents.
Returns the human - readable name of a type.
Creates a state machine.
Dispose of this object
Reads an object.
Return a path for a right - aligned triangle.
Find a terminal by its name.
Create a new layout block and register it.
Sets the options in the PDF object.
Escapes all the special characters in a regex.
Buffers the given string.
Update the visibility of the promo.
Creates a new geometry from the given bytes and geometry.
Finish propagation of the state machine.
Check if the library exists.
Finish the common processing of all statements.
Displays a GUI confirm dialog.
Init method.
Recursively walk the file tree.
Layout all springs that have a baseline.
Read an int value form a json array.
add a property change listener
Unregisters a dependent preference.
Validates storage policy selection.
Returns a string representation of the tree.
Convert a collection to an array.
Creates a new exception for the given problem files.
Labels the distances from the given node to the nearest neighbor of the given node.
Returns the current position in the buffer.
Adds a frequency to the list of frequencies.
Parse a header element.
Creates a list of intervals from the given interval.
Is the word a gerund?
Receive notification of an error.
Create a request object.
Runs the test.
Downloads the specified tlog files.
Reads file attributes from the device.
Add all participants for replay.
Create a checkbox.
Assigns clustering probabilities to instances.
Converts the given value to a string.
Creates a new kernel with the given offset and the given values.
Initialize the work list.
Called before a linked model is linked.
Add a file to the repository.
TreeExpansionListener.
Returns true if the given object is in the set.
Checks if two version numbers are equal.
On failed closing url connection.
Process a complex type definition.
Push annotators ref on the stack.
Returns the compacted version of the property.
Sequence a query.
Expunges stale entries from the table.
Return the rest of the given list.
Create a list of integers from the given range.
Shutdown the server.
Undo map.
Recalculate estimated completion date for a production run.
Add a document type to the list of document types.
Checks if a table exists in the database meta data.
Asserts that the element has no attributes.
Find the position of the next token.
Update the current gl.
Computes the HPD of a vector.
Checks if directories exist.
Add a port to the already allocated context.
Convert to a UTF - 8 string.
Writes a list of longs to a data output
Returns true if the given attribute is defined.
Show preloading stage.
Removes all elements from this set.
Removes the key and its associated value from the map.
Test the copy and read methods for a full block.
Runs the test.
Convert an ip to a byte array.
Reply a message to the client.
Adds the tenant id and authorization headers to the connection.
Add a selection listener to the control.
Prints a newline followed by a newline.
Returns a string representation of the capabilities.
Log client id and comms.
Alter case.
Checks if a ack is required.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Add a reporter icon at the given location.
Draws the selection rectangle.
Creates a new conversion exception with the specified cause.
Checks if the given initiator has connectivity to all storage systems in the given collection.
Construct a derivation from a marked node.
test plus with math context positive.
Test negative radix 24.
Convert an or node.
Creates a new window with the specified panel and title.
Creates a new json object with the specified reader.
Compress the input string using WordNet.
Sets a tokenizer for the given factory.
Compute the offset of the label given the radius and maximum radius.
Add a resource to the list.
Display changed.
Extract methods.
Update the docker server address for an application
Remove the item at the given position.
Choose a random enemy from the forces.
Checks if the route between protecting and destination is valid.
Sorts the given list of storage pools according to their preferred order.
Add a collection of overlays.
Create a resource for the given path.
Checks if the version string is newer than the system version.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this group.
Escapes the given string so that it is valid XML.
Feeds a vector through the network.
Recursive method to find a file.
Compares the results of two Solr queries using the given control client and cloud client.
Get the list of elements that match the given XPath expression.
Creates a context from the current GL context.
Collapse the tree.
Queue player cape replacement.
Remove a VetoableChangeListener from the list of listeners for this VetoableChangeable.
Provide the throughput for this stream.
Parse the command from the given arguments.
Edit an existing bookmark.
Convert a range of characters from the UTF - 32 encoding to a string.
Create the bounds of this selection.
Record a pattern in a bit array.
Find method with list of parameters.
Returns the index of the first illegal character in the given string or - num if it is not
Decodes more bytes from byte buffer to character buffer.
New fast clock minute.
Add a respawn point to the list.
Loads all org access from the database.
test bytes as source
Generates a X509 certificate from the data in the specified stream.
Convert an object to a pretty string.
Generate rolling periods.
Lookup a counter in the cache.
Add a message to the URI using the provided resolver.
Runs the test.
Sets the mode of this cipher.
Expunge stale entries from the list.
Run the findbugs resource.
Fire a change event.
Performs full backup.
Removes the connection list for the given tab.
Paint rings.
Replace unix separators with windows separator.
Advances the current offset by backoff and appends pending characters to the output.
Optimize the given trie.
install after handler.
Shutdown the server.
Creates a new storage entity in the database.
Displays a line of text.
Writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
Test Signer with string identity scope.
Invoke a static method.
Constructs a new node with the specified pattern.
Remove the loop safepoint.
Binds an item to the view.
Test case of add operation.
Adds a new value to the series.
Adjusts the given date to the given number of days before the given date.
Returns the number of elements in the cache.
Calls the super method and writes the value of this entry to the specified stream.
Copies data into the heap.
Paints the component.
Add a label and a field.
On track point start.
Combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
Commits a set of resources to the database.
Determines if a worker can be spawned.
Compares the specified object with this id for equality. The object must be an instance of id
Checks if two players are identical.
Add a lenient parameter.
Returns the string without the header.
Returns true if the given value is not null.
Removes the item at the given position.
Shortcut method for constructor.
Consumed gesture.
Initialize the layer with the given number of nodes.
Gets the angle of a point.
Fire a neuron moved event to all registered listeners.
Create X. 509 certificate from bytes.
Handles a text selection change.
Parses the input.
Formats the given string with the given parameters.
The server to connect to.
Execute count.
Derives the confidence value.
Add a parameter to this params object.
Reads the data from the given stream.
Convert the given string value to a typed object.
Add limit line.
Reads the next 16 bits from the input stream.
Read results.
Inflates the given range of the given array into the given array.
Convert the queue to an array.
Generate the legends.
Fetch metadata from cache or from database.
Returns the DER - encoded version of this URI.
Reads up to num bytes of data from the underlying stream.
Flushes the log records.
Creates a list of buttons for a list of pages.
Compares two numbers of the same length. The length of the first number is longer.
Create a new export mask workflow for the given list of initiators.
Checks if this number is less than the given percent.
Convert an object key to an edge URI.
Reads a short.
Load all projects from the database.
Syllabifies a phone number into a syllable.
Removes the current node from the frontier.
Checks if the given path is a file.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if the given object is not
Create an embedded Zookeeper server.
Creates a new ground condition.
Returns a set of stopwords from the given path.
Returns the string representation of this article.
Sets the barrier as broken and wakes up all threads.
Filter a list of points based on a given tolerance.
Sends a syslog event to the client.
Writes the stack traces of the given throwable to the given stream.
Builds a new distributed log multi stream writer.
Number to string.
Gets the image element.
Registers all values in the given registers.
Sets the configuration parameters for the build.
Checks if the trigger is triggered.
Inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list starting at the specified index.
Calculates the score for a given set of play counts.
Removes a previously registered scanning callback.
Paint a rectangle using the current back image.
Randomly selects from the pool.
Checks if the given row is a page break.
Shutdowns the executor service.
Tests if the given character is the part of a proposition symbol identifier.
Solves the diagonal of a diagonal matrix.
Search for the first occurrence of the pattern in the text.
Returns an enumeration of options for this command.
Convert a sequence of indices to a sequence of characters.
Truncate a string to a given length.
Clear transactions starting from the given height.
Loads the groovy script.
Sets the dirty region to the given event.
Sorts the fields in ascending order.
Checks if the job was successful.
Starts the location service for this phone.
Delete a configuration file.
creates a new bus movement
Returns the size of the most recently used file.
Create the gui.
Generate a random float in the range [ lower limit upper )
Add all supported types to the list.
Add a tracer to the set of active tracers
Grows the size of the array by allocating a new capacity.
Damages the vector by the given value.
Test concurrent events on empty region.
Initializes the graph.
Trim the version number from the end of the string.
Queries the inventory.
Processes a single interval.
Reads the contents of a file as a string.
Learns a new estimator with the given wrapper.
Saves the data to the disk.
Convert a map to an XML fragment.
Check if a key needs to be preloaded.
Generate a challenge token for the given address.
Perform type checks on the given IR.
Runs the given task retrying if necessary.
Packs the value to an array if the type is array.
Remove a request from the queue.
Called when a heatmap update fails.
Inflate a drawable.
Gets the object field offset.
Add an annotation at the given coordinates.
Writes a byte array to the buffer.
Concatenate two iv values.
The highest timestamp since the given timestamp.
Creates a new material package with the given material and tracks.
Searches for an edge in the given direction.
Acquires the probabilities for the given string.
Called when a health issue is resolved.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
Tests if a string is found in the database.
Add an object to the aggregation.
Returns true if the given entity is unparsed.
Flushes the output stream.
URL - encode the given text.
Processes the focus event.
Adds a request property to the request.
Executes the given task.
Serializes the given value to a byte buffer.
Load the submissions.
Returns the bit value of the given bit string.
Advances to the next record in the file.
Compose two components.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the specified output stream.
remove a tree model listener
Parses the given name as a URI.
Adds a view to the current stream.
Reads the next record from the given recorder.
Touches the candies store.
HashCode of an object.
Add a parse template.
Attempt to attach an image from the camera.
Ignore na n.
Register a new service with the given server.
Match string or throw exception.
Returns a string representation of the given annotation value.
Creates a new byte buffer.
Adds a new value to the array.
Validates a collection attribute.
Put a string into the buffer at the current position.
Processes an external entity declaration.
The alpha value of the model.
Create class descriptor from field signature.
Get service ticket response from server.
Schedules the specified task for execution after the specified delay.
Draws an ellipse with given semi major and minor axis.
Swap the current cursor with the new one.
Lock the flush lock.
Checks if a class can be randomized.
Returns a native guid for the given device type and serial number.
Create a secret key from a string of keys.
Create a child raster at the given coordinates with the given band
Sorts the children of the given parent node.
Returns a random number from a Poisson distribution with mean lambda.
Checks if a builtin sound with the given identifier is available.
Returns an iterator over the registered serializers.
Checks if the given string is a valid key.
.
;
Draw an arc if the dash mode is download
Format the given date according to the given format locale and time zone.
Decodes a base64 encoded byte array.
Set the digest algorithm to use.
Merge sort.
Copy a list of access control levels to another list.
Puts content from the given byte buffer into this buffer.
Handle a response from the client.
Request followers or subscribers for a stream.
Remove the given view from the hidden list.
Consumes a CSS identifier.
Test Populate with 1kbwrites.
Serialize the model to the given serializer.
Rollback the transaction.
Parse the geometry string.
Send data to the server.
Returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in this vector searching backwards from the specified
Returns true if the edit text can be undoed.
Calculate the destination.
Update the project if the event type is updated or created.
on mouse click.
Update the visible ids.
Traverses the graph adding this node to the hash table.
Show the previous notification.
Calls the super method and writes the number of entries of this path to the given object.
Add an input node to the graph.
Initialize the postgres connection.
Registers an object to be read by the stream.
Add an extension header with the given name and class name.
Merges this frame with the given frame.
Run the keytool tool.
Smoothly snap to the given section.
Update property to value 2.
unassign a set of services
Extends the cluster with new points.
Return the array elements.
Prepares the transfer queue.
Outputs the full lines of text.
add a pay to the system
Register all unregistered namespaces.
Removes all objects from the texts collection.
Delete the given field.
Creates a new type from the given AST node and variable declaration.
Deletes the contents of this file.
Wait for iterators to be cleared.
Add a lifecycle listener.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given full path.
Destroys the volume.
Computes a Catmull - Rom spline from a set of points.
validate cooldown setting
Convert megabytes to bytes.
Generate a name for a zoneset.
Concrete sub - classes can override this method to provide their own version of the signature.
Build select statement.
Make the badge visible using the specified animation.
Tells if the given key ends with the given string.
Receive data from the device.
Adds a handler to the list of handlers.
Send a byte array to the connection.
Copies the elements in the specified collection into this array.
Convert an entity to bytes.
Add a string as tail argument.
Set the namespace to use.
Calculates the coefficients of a variable using the theoretical SV function.
Deserializes an object from a file.
Checks if the given segment is a merged segment.
Generate a new instance of the cipher parameters.
add emojicon group list.
Update the end of the time series.
Checks if the given path should be included.
Generate num units filtered by the given filter.
Returns a new automaton that is the union of the two given automatons.
Called when the list s contents have changed.
Creates a histogram from the given array of values and number of partitions.
Reads the object.
Test the ssl factory i.
Convert a user input to a relative path.
Resize stamp.
Reads a single byte.
Encrypt the given key with HKDF.
Checks if the given emote is ignored.
Checks if is property allowed.
Reads a roster XML file.
Test sign bytes zero null2.
Accepts a connection from the socket.
Transcode the XML file using the given transcoder.
Report progress to the database if necessary.
Create a new DOM Document instance.
Set the grain of a sce core.
Processes a request.
Draw a data point.
Process a set of objects.
Parses the meta data and returns the indices of the columns.
Find a field in the class hierarchy of an object.
Create a new ssl object from a byte array.
Add the current dump file.
Appends the ordinal part of the string.
Checks if the given page number is in the range of the sequence.
Release resources associated with this object.
Convert a collection of dimensional items to a typed list.
aliases for x
Add a new table to the system catalog.
Removes a configuration listener.
Adds all scrapes of the current view to the given list.
do window open
Causes the specified task to be executed by the scheduler.
Hash two objects.
Parses a string vector and returns the parsed vector.
Returns a string containing the current state of this object.
Concatenates two streams.
Traverses the given iterator.
Returns the properties of the given XML element.
Advances the iterator to the next character.
Adjusts the row heights.
Gets a list of URIs of all volumes for a list of URIs.
Parse the given string and return an array of format specifiers.
Update the buttons for the selected column.
Generate a URL for a POI request.
Waiting for the decoding to finish.
Convert wiki to plain text.
Continues a multiple - part encryption or decryption operation depending on how this cipher was initialized.
Create a packed params for a glyph list
Executes an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE statement.
Is this a lock subject?
Return the hash code of this node.
Add an action to the view.
Display the specified help file. If the help file does not exist it is created.
Stores the given location in the default shared preferences.
either best1 or best2
Compares the specified object to this list and returns true if they are equal. The object must
Convert a json object to a string.
remove a table from the database
Checks if the given category is part of the bug category set.
Checks if volume is a full copy source.
Tests the equality of two regression models.
Check permission.
Test that a quorum callback succeeds.
Requests a collection of permissions.
Pause thread.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Reads characters from the underlying reader.
Reads the next encoded value from the stream.
Invoke a varargs method.
Recursive method to check if a given program block contains a rm instruction.
Create a new project importer.
Test sorting of double values.
Checks if a class is registered.
Loads a class by its name.
Blocks until there are no more operations to execute.
Returns true if all the components of the test geometry are in the target.
Create the inner object.
Creates a new endpoint with the specified endpoint URL.
Parse a single value.
TimeSeries collection.
Returns a list containing the given elements in order.
Allocate space in the buffer.
Adds an attribute to current element of the set.
Create a directory.
Fill an array of ellipses.
Zooms in on the domain axes.
refresh the due challenge counts.
Allocates an identity matrix with the given dimension.
Convert the buffered image to a swt image.
Check if unlimited strength policy is available.
The size of the rsslim field.
Adds the totals for the given columns.
Fill a stack trace.
Checks if a given file type is supported by any midi file writers.
Make this object immutable.
Returns a random double in [ 0 1 ).
Initialization of ds.
Attempt to compare and increment worker count.
animator for each view
Checks if the given path starts with the given string.
Process an attribute string of type T_CHAR into an XObject.
Create a new child element with the given name and value.
Returns true if this segment is balanced.
Parse an array of attributes.
Read a binary file into a byte array.
Test the stream API.
Add a split condition to the list of terms.
Called when the threshold has been reached.
Removes the value at the given interval.
Rebuild event list.
create disk store factory
Recursively deletes a directory and its contents.
Puts count bytes from buffer starting from offset.
Marks a rop as reserved.
Registers the default resolvers.
Processes authentication response.
Adds the given byte array to the list of available arrays if it is not already there.
}
Initialize the acceptable methods.
Attempts to add an order to the active orders set.
Copies the data from the given buffer into this buffer.
Serialize an array of strings as an XML string array.
unify username by name.
Sets the connection table and the buffered flag.
Store an exception in the exception stack.
create a secure timestamp generator
Reads data from the given url.
Checks if the given time is in the recurrence list.
Creates a new network with a random id.
Convert a number in kilobytes to a string.
Create a pending intent.
Returns true if the method is static.
Test a string.
Parse the line separators from the given string.
Decrypt a key.
Configures the given swt platforms.
fill from selection
Find a field in the class hierarchy.
Calculates the break position for the given list of tokens.
Return the simplex shape of this tile.
Injects the content.
Checks if a char sequence is empty.
Create boolean value from raw settings.
Disconnects from the given source.
Lookup a service.
Generate a unique key.
Returns a deep copy of the vector.
Delete a file or directory.
Initializes the pattern.
Prints a new line to the given file.
Update the attachment point list.
Removes the soft wraps starting from the given offset.
Format a dps value.
Truncates a string to a given length.
Subset of this set.
Checks if the legion is disbanding and if so disbands it.
Indexes a tuple with a string field.
Iterates from this number down to the given number inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Parse the DOM.
Read fully into the buffer.
Insert fullscreen info into list.
Attempts to open a stream to the given location.
Adds an item to the set.
Copy ACLs from orig to share
Parse the input.
Deletes the entitlements of a user.
This method incorporates signed properties into the dss document.
Create the channel selection.
Returns the mean value of the elements in an array.
Returns the depth of the pointer.
Perform the MRMW test.
Import a file.
Fetches the cos id list.
Submits a monitor task for processing.
Inserts the specified node into the specified parent at the specified index.
Samples the maximum.
Writes a list of lines to a file.
Verifies the authentication tag of a chunk.
Guesses the mime type from the given extension.
Register a method binder for the given annotation type.
Parses the route file.
Remove a dted handler.
Adds a file to the archive.
Reads the next token.
Splits the given vector into the given limit number of binds.
init the parcel writer.
On reset.
Add a task to the list of tasks to be delayed.
Replace all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Iterates over all entities and executes the migration.
capture different string in map
On child thread begin.
Draws the x axis.
Encodes to a string.
Compares this ec with another object for equality.
Make a serializer.
Loads the binary data from the given input stream.
return true if node type is two slot type.
Appends the given sections to the list of sections.
Consumes the next CRLF character from the stream.
Process a logout request.
coverage int vdt.
Queues a file for reading.
Add a list of values for an option.
Returns the current activity or throws an illegal state exception.
Start the scan.
Checks if the URL is a landing page.
Writes the definitions for the given table creator.
Sends a string to the client.
Initializes the token mgmt executor.
Find by thrift id.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Get the path of the given filename.
Sign content.
Checks if the next item is the same as match.
Reads an object from the given byte array.
Constructs a new interval.
Returns true if the value of the given key is true in the given map.
} }
Bind an output stream to this context.
Initializing the map layer.
Skew Correlation Coefficient.
Extracts a span from the spans.
Called when the chain finishes.
Returns true if delay is not - num.
Push a space handling flag onto the stack.
Minimal implementation of the positive close.
Creates a reader from the given input stream and encoding.
Delivers a message to a consumer.
Decode a base64 encoded string.
Reclassifies an example according to its class.
Returns a hash code for this identity.
Clone this iterator.
}
Returns true if the given key is in the given chain.
Adds a byte array to the data to be built.
Sets the rotation angle for all the planes in this builder.
Write user registry.
Converts a double value to a string.
Decodes the hanzi segment.
Create a new record with the given parameters.
Timing for the current thread.
Lookup audio data from the database.
Add a condition to the list.
Reads all remaining bytes from a byte buffer.
Finds the package and class name from the input file.
Prints a message and stack trace if debug is enabled.
fetch all rp protection settings
Create a new namespace from the given file.
Returns the cardinality of the set.
Escapes all the special characters in the literal.
Get the cookie uri from the given uri.
Log an INFO log message.
Add a value to a list.
Creates new d dialog.
Formats a long field as a human - readable string.
Substitutes a substring of a string.
Removes a listener from the list.
The main loop of the process.
Clamp mag.
readObject is called for each object in the stream.
Get the block index for the given sources.
Creates a new writer for the given file.
Append program description.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
Convert a string location to a URL.
Parse a value from the given string.
Makes the given string upper case.
Update a list of environment variables.
Create a class from a string.
Notify all the gateways of an entry event.
Consume the next token that matches the given regular expression pattern.
Remove a node from the cluster.
Returns the content of this buffer as a string.
Executes the handshake.
Calculates the minimum.
Drains the emit queue until at least the given number of tasks are executed.
Rotates the x axis around the given angle.
} }
Scales the given rectangle by the given scale factor.
Parse an array of unprintable ext codes.
Measures and returns the height of a specific measure.
Checks if an ID is null.
Update the pending list.
Limits the given value to the given range.
Creates a new title and sets it to this file.
Checks if a given network is connected.
Removes the item at the given position.
Calculates the graident channel for a given distance and offset.
add startup listener.
Quietly close a channel.
Executes the task.
Create a secret key from the given bytes starting at the given offset.
Checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
Creates a new js output.
Returns the text of the matched elements.
Add a line to the buffer.
Initializes this string from a string buffer.
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Executes a command asynchronously.
} }
Checks the compliance of the given attributes.
Update the zoning map.
Answers the invitation and returns true if the invitation was answered.
Recursive primer function.
Returns the number of components in this group.
Rounding with precision 0.
Reduces the number of omits to the number with less frequencies.
Returns the selector object for the given type.
Generates a sorted tag map.
Detail of a shape.
Shorten a classname by adding a number.
Adds a graphic to the list.
Convert this object to a string.
Flips an image.
Add a property to this restriction.
Initialises the google analytics client.
Update the prediction and update the window manager.
Reads the most significant and least significant Sig from the data input.
LexicalHandler handler method
adds a finally block.
Consumes the next token and returns the object representation of that token.
Writes a collection to a writer as a JSON string.
Read color table.
Marks the file as modified.
Adds a key to the keystore.
check if a file needs to be reloaded
Request the specified repository definition.
Disable the buttons.
Is additive number boolean.
Writes a string to the log.
Add a node port to the quarantine queue.
create the sort info for the given models
Parses a feature node and adds it to the polygon.
Creates a new bit with the specified string.
Sorts the individuals according to the given comparator.
Writes this object to the given writer.
Set the default executor for this task.
Returns true if the given method has been renamed.
Initializes this pw object with the specified name error code and message.
Returns the union of the two given arrays.
Indicate if the atom e belongs to the withdrawn state of the window.
Execute the XPath operation.
Returns the top n times.
Extracts the class name from the signature.
Set the delta value.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Returns the next element of this list.
Escapes the bytes in the given string.
Repeats the current input sequence a number of times.
Change the names of all methods and fields in this class.
Processes a request.
Constructs a new ion exception with the specified cause.
Returns the Euclidean distance.
Handles the done method.
Returns a list of challenges that were encountered during authentication.
Convert an ssl session to a byte array.
Generate a new random number generator.
Verifies the timestamp.
Encrypt a password.
Returns the number of rows.
Convert an array of bytes to a hexadecimal string.
Helper method to write a proto to the disk.
Reduces the icon to the given width and height.
Installs a new builtin sound.
Count the number of pages.
Find the index of the given name in the given table.
Scores a collection of tracks.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Encodes a latitude and longitude into a byte array.
Writes a long value to the given object starting at the given offset.
Run a list of commands.
Draws a circle of the specified radius.
Prints a double followed by a newline.
Writes a single 32 - bit value to the stream.
Maps the given sequence to the given string builder.
Add a button pressed listener.
Release resources.
Fill xml.
Creates a new property gui from the given consumer.
Copies the given number of bytes from the file to the given output stream starting at the given
Deserializes a kdb header.
Runs the test.
Returns true if all permissions have been granted.
Fetch charset from cache.
Paint a layer.
Add a control to the list of rolls.
Processes the add on changes.
Recalculates the value of this color.
Convert an array of ints to a string.
Starts an idle timer.
Add a span to the cache.
Compares two URIs.
Repaint all children of this panel.
Checks if the given name is valid.
Read the comment at the given index.
Find the next occurrence of separator in the given string.
Guess the content type from the URL.
Extracts the last n tokens from a string.
Connects to the ZooKeeper server.
Do cache header validation.
Show the active zoneset.
Returns an empty immutable array.
Replaces all of the non optional non minus nodes with the given ordered list.
Return a string representation of a number.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Deletes a type vertex from the atlas.
Reads the reader line by line into a list
add cache context.
Checks if is cglib get callbacks.
Compares two media types by name.
Returns true if at least one dependency has been modified.
Creates a new replaced element.
Return true if the version number is greater than the given version.
Create a H2 database data source.
Find the locations of the given object.
Scroll current item to center.
Add a meta object to the list. If the object is already in the list it will be
Removes the word from the dictionary.
Test case 12.
Add a new item to the menu.
invoke all with a list of callables
Add a named configuration package.
Closes the underlying input stream.
Create volume and mirror data.
Start the coap if not already started.
Retains only the elements in other that are contained in this list.
Called when an exception is caught in a session.
Clear the md and localization result.
Convert a collection to a string.
Returns the value between the given minimum and maximum.
Replaces all occurrences of the given parameters with the given values.
Returns the index of the element with the given qual name and qual value.
Checks if the given frame id is one of the allowed frames
Parses a configuration XML file.
Create a TOC File from the given paths.
Posts an event to the event queue.
Choose a server alias.
Process a single bmp image.
Handler for the given path.
Loads the lines from the reader.
Load ignore pattern.
Remove an argument from the list.
Returns true if the given string appears to be a list.
PKC constructor.
Create a note in the notes table.
Verify that all messages have unique xids.
Adds the next node to the list.
Handle a property change event.
Reads a UTF - 8 string.
Add an element to the linked list.
Resets the top of the grid.
Returns the next token in the stream.
Get the current repaint manager for the given component.
Checks if the given port is the initiator of the recovery point task.
Checks if the string is a valid XML string.
Sends a buffer to the wrapped writer.
Returns true if the specified feature id is not set.
Remove clicking listener.
Adds a new section to the dashboard.
Calculates the preferred wrap position for the given text.
Appends all of the elements in v to the end of this vector expanding if necessary.
Copies all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Add a rule to the mime matcher.
Validates a number.
send message until stop count is reached
Convert string to array list.
Picks the character set to use.
Convert a number to engineering string.
Removes all elements from the receiver. The receiver will be empty after this call returns.
Add a new layer to the map.
Read rules from a reader.
Applies the updates to the managed data.
Writes a portion of an array of characters.
Attempt to parse an episode from a filename.
Creates an array creation operation.
Fire an event to all registered listeners.
Sets the preference type.
Expunges stale entries from the table.
Checks if the text contains any numeric characters.
Return true if desc ends with char
RSA public key from its encoded form.
Convert a calendar to a date.
Gets the value of the client authentication property.
Create the image panel.
Writes the given line to the given writer.
Returns the child at the given index.
Check the current security manager permission.
Returns a function that returns the specified value.
Removes the specified number of quotes from the end of a string.
Check if a namespace is defined.
Test user data handler notified of shallow clones.
Creates a new instance of d
Support the subscript operator for an array of objects.
Create a new column with a default value.
Read a line from the prj file.
Purge one.
check permission for joda time converters
Checks if two coordinates are equal.
Checks the dimensions of matrix b.
Imports a change into this document.
Get the line file out.
Returns a new fuzzy query with the given text and boost.
Info for a call chain.
Starts the playback.
Checks that the string is not empty.
Resets the current thread context.
Converts the given object to a list of parameter values.
Logout a user.
Creates or updates a network interface.
Facade for the given code source.
Creates a datagram channel and binds it to the specified address.
Closes the RRD file.
Rotates this vector by the specified degree.
Converts the given URI to a string.
Puts data for a given field number.
Hides the current border.
Remove a BTCN from the filter map.
Add a point to the list of observations.
Add a tag id to the list.
Set the protocols for this server.
Creates an ordered list of executions from a collection of executions.
Initializes the tk - tree.
Recursively serializes an expression.
Define internal frame menu buttons.
Restore from clone
Remove a data source listener
Truncates the string to the right.
Set the value of the name in all unoccupied blocks.
Unserialize object.
Stops grid.
Push a template folder to the stack.
Prints the depth first enumerator.
Add a new event to the simulation.
creates a new ejb generator.
Initializes the controller.
abstract void onClose ( ) ;
Add a abbreviation for a primitive.
Initialize the tree map.
Locates the replicator home directory.
Sets the data.
Writes a repeated double value.
Appends a float to this string buffer.
Opens a file.
Checks if the given track can be scheduled to the given destination.
Flush and close the output stream.
Normalizes a path.
Returns the random number generated by the string.
Record a deployment.
Called before bundle start.
Received a successful dlsn.
Shutdown my sql.
Writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
Parse the given template with the given context.
Method to create custom from tag.
Writes a jpeg to a file.
Checks if there are any image servers.
Returns the current nanosecond.
Remove an extension from the list.
Find a suballocated int vector for a namespace context.
Adds an observer to the list of observers.
Distance to a given object.
Formats a pattern string into a string buffer.
Add a keyword to the dictionary.
Releases a field from an owner.
Transform list of dashboards to list of dashboard dto.
screen executor.
Add a group properties listener.
edit global function comment.
Clears all sessions.
Checks if an entry exists.
Unpacks a compressed character map.
; }
Hash a name.
Starts an element.
Returns true if the value for the given key is a string.
This is the recursive part of create.
Matrix diagonal of diagonal of A.
Check ant version.
Build the neural network.
Returns true if the characters in the two sequences are equal.
Compares two numbers of the same length.
Returns an enumeration of the productions contained in this production.
Adds a node to the source range for the given reference node.
Disabled event.
Modal dialog.
Transform an array of points with no touch.
Convert the escaped function to the target string builder.
Returns the string representation of the port number.
Add a listener to the session.
Converts a time stamp to a path.
Prints a user message.
Connects to the specified address and port using the default blocking mode.
Checks if is access modifier.
Handles an append request failure.
Selects the best match between the camera and the desired size.
Loads all items from the cursor into a list.
Decodes the given UTF - 8 byte array.
Convert the attributes to lower case.
Visits all the annotations of this method.
Create a list from passed objX parameters.
Read the next part of the file.
Gets the multi line tab.
Computes the parameters of the function.
Translates a data type from one vendor to another.
Finds the global valley location.
Move the selected row down.
Create a new jar with a backing file.
Shutdown the executor.
Convert a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
Handle unlock or install.
Shift start time by the specified number of days.
Rounds each element of this vector to the closest integer value.
Simulate a method.
Cleans up the frontier.
Parse the styleable attributes.
Concatenates two byte arrays.
Terminates the subscriber.
Asserts that an argument is valid.
Is today a given date.
Build login ui.
Unmaps a volume from a given initiator.
Returns this list as a collection.
Adds a quarter arc to the given path.
Parse the given content into the given block.
Generates random bytes in the given byte array.
Removes all scanning callbacks.
Reads from the underlying stream.
Handle manager creation.
Checks that the new shape is the same as the old shape.
Checks if the given file is visible.
Appends the given strings to the given strings array.
Deletes this object from the database.
Construct a string from a byte array.
Initialize the scratch itemset.
Computes the editor bounds.
Reads the next length of data from this stream into the given buffer.
Creates a new cuboid.
Smoothed log marginal likelihood.
Checks if the message starts with the given string.
Install the system properties.
Writes doubles from the given double array to the current position and increases the position by the
Load the recipients from the given map.
Checks if the extension of the given filename matches the given extension.
This method is called before the entity is persisted.
Add a padstack to the stack.
Sets up the command line arguments.
Terminate the content model for the given element name.
Create an OM with a given center and radius.
Create an input source from a string.
The root of the user tree.
Returns a string representation of a socket identifier.
Add a string to the stack.
Reads a string from a file.
Get the x coordinate of a tile.
Sets the name type align and connection for this input.
Create a bsh class manager.
Perform a swap of the OpenGL surface and display.
Request last login time.
Returns stream of words from given text.
Add a new app to the list.
Matches the given field with the given values.
Remove the tube markup.
Convert a dash array to a string.
Return the position of the blob starting at the given offset.
Loads all the files in the directory.
Reads a line of text from an input stream.
Checks if the given table exists.
Process a colon.
Checks if the script contains the given delimiters.
Compresses the given bytes.
Fails if the service is not joined.
Encrypt a block of data.
Prints a string to the console.
Add a collection of connection groups.
Load the map from the given input stream.
Add a line decoration.
Parse the link title.
Add a single value with weight.
Set the closed.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Processes a warning.
Creates a new destructurer.
Handles a request for the delete action.
Checks if the connection is healthy.
Add the given column at the given index.
Initializes the panel.
Normalized Euclidean norm of a vector.
Force get value as string.
Returns a hash code for this ApproximateHistogram object.
Converts the maximal edge rings to the minimal edge rings.
remove event listener
Update the size of the wave file.
Write the given journal to the output stream.
Returns true if the buffer matches the string.
Responds to mouse released events.
Computes the maximum value for the given series using the percent factor per series.
Adds a channel to the model.
Joins the given objects.
Check if this store has the given trait.
Create a supply.
Returns the number of parameters.
Load data from XML.
Inserts an element into the set.
Reads the next unsigned short.
Computes the dot product of this vector and another dense vector.
Creates the new instructions inlining each instantiation.
Computes the standard deviation of a list of numbers.
Reduces the size of the array to the size specified.
testBit ( int n ) ;
compares a date with a boolean
Decode the next chunk of solution set.
UDP connection.
Multiplies all values by a given value.
Checks if the given level is higher than the current level.
Compute the children of the given folder.
Quote the path of a file so it can be used in a URL.
Reads data from the network.
Clears all maps and tombstones.
Removes a consumer from the list of consumers for this image.
is navigation at the bottom of the screen
Update the aperture.
Builds an invocation.
Compute mark.
gcd of a number with zero.
Test king capture.
Validates all expressions and evaluates them.
Returns a relative directory from the given string.
Picks the encoding to use based on the input source.
Generate the URL for the given dataset series and category.
Expire the connection idle for the current thread.
Displays the subject model.
Decodes a 64 - bit waveform into an array of bytes.
Create the script.
Returns a real number with a Cauchy distribution.
Add a job group to never delete.
Prints the workflow description description and control panel.
This is a blocking call that will block until a request is received.
Set the field to match.
Encodes this polynomial.
Signal that no acks have been received.
Convert an array of ints to string.
Copies the given source array to the given target array.
Returns the great circle distance between this location and the specified location.
Parses a manifest file and returns a list of input splits.
Reads up to len bytes of data from the underlying input stream into ba.
Fires operator moved event.
Removes the individual with the given index.
Update the base var with the new id if the old id is the new id.
Repeat a string a certain number of times.
Wait for the next state change.
Picks the best node from a given graph.
Add user fields.
Parse an integer from its string representation.
Returns the bounds of the node with the given id.
Stop the workers.
Return a clone of the current frame
Calculates the percentage of state transitions for the given name.
Mangles the method name.
Saves the current state of the iterator.
Consume the string from the queue up to the given sequence.
Print out defined i.
Disconnects the encoder and decoder from the given session.
Computes the number of transpositions between two sequences.
Parse object.
Returns a stream of time series from the source.
register a mod in the manifest
Arranges the blocks with the given number in the given container.
Checks if the given message has the given content type.
Generate an X. 509 certificate.
Submit form handler.
Recursive method to check all dependencies of a module.
BeanContextMembershipListener.
Checks if directory can be written.
Returns a string representation of this duration.
Delegates to the given output stream.
Begins an entity of the current entity.
Returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
Extract the import url from the matcher.
Compares this collator with the specified object for equality. The result is true if and only
Runs the test.
Rename the given type.
Write a list of files.
Creates new form d
Invalidates all caches.
Serialize an array of bytes to an XML string.
Writes a list of strings to a file.
Cancel all requests with the given tag.
Draws text along the horizontal margin.
Creates a new generic record that is a subset of the given schema.
Queues an operation for execution.
Interprets a string as a set of cells.
Transforms the given shape using this transformation.
Prints a list of the contents of this line to the given writer. The given indent is
Initialize the panel.
Performs OCSP revocation of a certificate.
Returns the composite type for the given composite.
Removes the given tracking icon from the list of tracking icons
Find phonemes.
Removes the parent from the given file.
Returns true if two doubles are almost equal by the given delta.
Terminates the current element.
Tests fill and biib.
Writes an open bracket.
Returns the logarithm of the given value.
upload a file from source to dest
Create the zip file and return it.
Remove a handler for the given column name.
Checks if is empty.
Restore badges.
Touches the clock.
Declare a new catalog entry.
Add a waiting message.
Adds a new top to the stack.
Log hierarchy.
Add a member to the list of members of the gossip group
Get the log files.
Is case sensitive boolean.
Is this node a namespace node?
Returns a hash code for this object.
Create a new sub config model impl.
Tests this instance for equality with an arbitrary object.
Convert a hex color string to an int.
Handles the pick action.
Start a traversal at the given node.
LexicalHandler. endElement ( )
Synchronously cancels all requests in this queue.
Returns the value of the attribute at the given index.
Find the value associated with a given key.
Decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
template sub pattern association.
Deletes the file.
Return true if the given type has no prefix.
Attempt to satisfiy the given format.
Gets or creates new logger.
Receive one byte from the server.
Checks a resource for constraint violations.
Checks if the given imdb id is valid.
Show recorded video.
Recursively write a sequence of coordinates.
Checks if the given exception message starts with the given class name.
Swaps the rows and columns of the source matrix with the largest absolute value.
Check if the user has permission to set the window always on top.
Creates a job for the specified cluster.
Finds all the classes in the given directory.
Validate XML string.
Read boolean values.
Returns true if the given access code is compatible with instant run.
Add an array of elements to the sequence.
Sets the executor service for this listener.
Reads an object.
Computes the offset of a line segment.
Returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
Creates a list of QoS objects from the settings.
Convert a UTF - 8 string to octets.
Convert a double value to the required number of decimal places.
Flushes the output stream.
Checks if the given string is at least the given length.
Create proper bounds.
add a clear button to the graph action
Returns the Levenshtein distance between two strings.
Create a number of files with the given extention
Is this a dog.
Returns the concatenation of the line separators between the given strings.
Add a ping notification.
Create a new datastore on each host.
Check size.
Add a new album to this photo.
Checks that the given substring is a valid internal name.
Initialize task done.
Unquote a name.
Checks if the player with the given name is the leader.
Redos all changes made to the given editor.
If r is an alt result or a completion exception throw it. Otherwise return r.
Write a single protein to the output.
Test casting.
Write into a sptk file.
Start the current thread with a timeout.
Finds the first element with the given name.
Make a star re.
Removes the given element from the selection.
Called when the mouse is clicked.
Prints a formatted string to this output stream using the specified format string and arguments.
Performs the actual transformation.
Compares attributes before elements.
Add a suffix to the suffix list
Returns an enumeration of options for this command.
Close the selector.
Subtraction of two numbers.
Adds a list of required attributes to the validator.
Show history dialog.
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Read from input stream.
Construct a streamable from a publisher.
Connection constructor.
Attempt to parse the network response to a bitmap.
Returns the notification with the given id.
Create a green gradient with the given maximum count.
Writes a histogram to a file.
Returns a dereference stage of the given stage.
Add two numbers together.
Clip a string if necessary.
Removes the given object from the queue.
Add a slide to the list.
Wraps the given string to have at most the given width.
Create a vertex array.
Publish the message to the MQTT broker.
Deletes all files in a directory.
Inverse wavelet transform.
Moves a file or directory.
Load security properties from a file.
Closes an input stream.
Clear the scan files.
Executes a process and checks its output.
Shutdown the executor and wait for termination.
Update the dirty state.
Constructs an exception with the specified detail message parsed data and error index.
Returns true if two components are parallel siblings along the given axis.
Reads an object from the stream.
Test subtraction of two numbers.
Creates a plain text value from an integer.
Checks if the given calendar is today.
Start the port manager.
Formats a double field as a sprint.
Convert an yuv image to a bitmap.
Read a double.
Checks if the given version has the given feature.
Finds a port with the highest usage.
Get the next event in the queue.
Appends the points to the buffer.
Update combobox.
Sets the projects parameter.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this command.
Opens the compare editor.
Add a resource.
Checks if the given string is numeric.
Encodes the given string using UTF - 8.
Atomically adds delta to the current value returning the new value.
current time in the given unit
Appends a name value pair to the list if the value is not null.
Create a new properties object from the given location.
Estimate the weight of a plan.
Checks if the filename has one of the given extensions.
Find a value in the list.
Creates a directory with the specified path.
Returns the base logarithm of the given value.
Raises the X Y and Z values of the given vector to the given power.
Receive a response packet.
Convert degrees to RGB values.
The name mapper to use for the map.
test fill ziiz
Adds all elements of the given collection to the set.
Format the string.
Returns resource name.
Update the combo box according to the selected state.
remove class column tip.
Join an array of named values with a separator.
Computes the source class for a given attribute.
Flushes the printer and flushes the output.
request data from a specific group
Encode cookie.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the head.
Resumes playing the animation.
Subtraction of a negative and a positive scale.
add callback to prototype
Create a new panel and add it to the network
Checks if a function is available.
Allocate sections.
Returns true if a soft ttl is needed and false otherwise.
Generates random bytes of the given length.
Calculates the weight of the distribution over the given attribute number for the given example table.
Removes the extension from a file name.
Deletes the given key.
Normalizes the given data frame by dividing it by the given minimum and maximum values.
Checks if the scheme is one of the socket schemes.
Add a leaf with non existing parents to the tree.
Adjusts the block listeners based on the new and old blocks.
Encodes a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
Clamp the original size to fit within the maximum area.
= tr ;
Returns the string representation of this indexable.
Encodes the given byte array into Base64 data.
Draw a face in the specified direction.
Add an observer to the set of observers for this file alteration.
Compute the logarithm of a number.
Creates a number builder for the given numeric value.
Create a new instance of the given class using the given class loader.
Add an action to the game.
Creates a new polygon from three points.
Read json.
Waits for an element to not be present.
Asserts that the test has been terminated.
Returns true if the token is a vimeo url.
Returns true if the dispatch has been cancelled.
Add a subcontext to the stack.
Update the content of downloaded files.
Dumps all available options.
Parses a language resource.
Returns a collection of start states.
Removes the given container from the list of containers and cancels the request if any.
Density function of a collection of points.
Clone a serializable object.
Returns true if there are more than three points.
Sets the name of the zip entry.
Test JDBC statements.
Read a dictionary.
Add a vertex to the list.
Create the view to model.
Gets files.
Checks if is mac.
Checks if the throwable is assignable from one of the given classes.
Returns null if there are no more messages to send.
Prints an integer to the stream.
Mines the frequent item sets and returns the confidence map.
Checks if all characters in the string are letters.
Converts a character to a digit throwing an exception if the character cannot be converted.
Load library with path.
Returns an enumeration of the options.
Tests sign bytes of a positive integer.
Persists the key store to disk.
Add a filter builder.
Send a debug log message.
Update the statistics.
Test ctor 2.
Returns the string representation of the node.
Split traces with keep point.
Flips all bits in the specified range of the specified array.
HTTP request source.
Add users.
Attempt to drain the buffers.
Copy file.
Encode a properties object into a string.
Generate the rss element.
Tests sorting elements by their name.
Recursively deletes a directory.
Convert a date time string to a timestamp.
Checks if the given string starts a new hunk.
Clears all values from the map.
Read chars.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Play a file for a user.
Run finalizers on exit.
Returns the predicted intervals for the given confidence interval.
Finds and returns the minimum element of the given collection using the given comparator.
Checks if the given hash matches the given hash of the file.
Adds the given name to the list of names.
Update this assignment with a new border
Converts a char to a string.
Splits the given string into lines.
Draw the plot on the specified graphics device.
Add a hole to the shell.
Registers all the registered components.
Initializes a new instance of the given type.
Skips the next n bytes from the input stream.
Generate 64 bit hash id.
Create a new sub - command handler.
Creates a new instance of d
Read a line element.
Build the model from an array of objects.
is set call type
Recursive source mapping.
Create a j command with the given extensions.
Computes all the metrics for a given access profile.
Reads a short.
Create a job to copy a partition.
Main method to run the tool.
Find orders.
Checks if file exist.
Finds a stage by its path.
Calculate t.
Run bootstrappers.
Check index header id.
Writes the contents of this ApproximateHistogram object to an array of bytes.
Save a named buffer.
Produce recommendations for a VPlex virtual array.
Given a base directory and a relative path return a list of all the paths within that base directory
Returns true if the given string is a module specifier.
Inserts the expected pool settings per tier.
Transfers all the streams from the source stream to the destination stream.
Returns the position of the given unit at the given level.
Attempts to fill the buffer with more data.
Add a numeric training class to the dataset.
Parses a list of groups.
Called when a drag gesture is recognized.
Returns true if the given character is the identifier character.
Add a header line.
Loads an address from the database.
URL - encode a string.
Appends the given parameters to the URL.
Receive notification of the start of an element.
Guesses the mime type of the given file.
Test the advance method for all terms.
Returns true if the access modifier is public.
Release the budget.
Create a transferable for the given formats.
Writes the given length to the current position in the stream.
Add a generic font family.
Write a reference to the given value in the given node.
Read data.
Returns true if this population is empty.
Formats this string using the given formatter.
Convert class name to dotted class name.
Creates new form d
Play the next item in the list.
Invoke a method on the given object with the given parameters.
Add the elements returned by the iterator to the list.
Create rotate stream.
Reduces the size of the history to the given size.
Process the styled attributes.
Log a message with the specified template and code.
Recursive action translation.
Can load boolean.
Cast result object to a boolean.
Parses a boolean from a string.
Returns true if the feature name is not null and has a default value.
Formats this date time using the given formatter.
Initialize the line map with adapted content.
Returns the upper triangular factor
Returns the allowed duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field has been visited.
Remove download from completed list.
Add shingled phrase queries.
digest value as hex string
Create a snapshot of the current volume.
Store a log file.
Merges cur props with new props returning a new map.
Delete preferred language.
Called when a media player is prepared to play.
Parses a nonce or stale parameter.
Skips specified number of bytes in this input stream.
Move all the players within a radius
Create an ecdhe object from a supported group id.
Add a header to the message.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Recreate the workspaces table.
Executes a N1QL kernelTransaction with named parameters.
Ends all the tags in the stack.
Entity reference.
Links node as last element or returns bool if full.
Draws the divider for the given child.
Constructs a new instance of this form.
Decodes data from the given stream using the given parser.
Writes an int to the given data output.
Writes a double field value.
Get the next creature in the quest.
Validate backup interval and start time.
Deletes a trait from an entity.
Adds a collection of tables to the model.
Writes the given template to the given writer.
Clear the cache and start a thread to load the cache.
Returns the index of the given tool item.
Add an attribute to the message.
Drains the graphs.
Performs the actual import.
Gets the user id within the specified range.
Starts the consumer.
Generate the flags for a binary operation.
Returns true if the label of the current cell is movable
Write a list of types.
Loads all properties from the specified resource.
Closes the given stream catching and logging any exceptions.
Create a transaction.
Reads characters from the stream until it finds the end of the skip string.
Convert a package name to a file path.
Returns true if this map contains the given key.
Checks if the given string is a valid fragment.
Rehashes the contents of the hashtable into a hashtable with a larger capacity.
Save the pois from the assets.
Create a new element with the given name and value.
Check if the tag has been done.
Changes the operator of a variable.
Add a header to the message.
Check duplicate request.
Returns true if the view is hidden.
Recursively deletes a file or directory.
Does the given component border contain a tool bar?
Execute the child templates of this node.
Create a priority queue from the words.
Iterates through the given stream object by object.
Causes the current process to exit with the given status.
Distance in meters.
Processes an authentication challenge.
Calculates A.
Create a new cq object and add it to the database
Add undo event.
Establish the cache if needed.
Append a character sequence followed by an image span.
Validates a password using the given hash.
Get the current snapshots for the given repository.
Adds a certificate holder.
Multiply a number by a big integer.
clean static.
Paint the background for a tab.
Builds the automaton from the given hash.
Finds the range of values in the given dataset.
Shutdown the admin server and return the result.
The number of threads in this process.
Assigns the specified role to this user.
Creates an ordered thread pool with the default keep alive and thread factory.
Writes the initial styles.
Encodes a collection of parameters into a base64 string.
Test single resource locking.
Run the next command in the delta queue.
Stops the selector thread and waits for it to finish.
Loads a document from the given XML file.
divide with down rounding mode
Remove an annotation of this element.
Replaces each occurrence of the old character with the new character. Both the old and new characters
Implements the same behavior as the touch utility on Unix.
Wraps the given callback in a report matcher.
should select cell boolean.
Test case 18.
Add a class node.
Attempt to verify that the given format is satisfiable.
Parses the given string as upper case map.
Remove entries from the queue and remove them from the infos.
Creates a new zip file.
Checks if the given name is a valid playlist name.
Produce a SAX string from an XML file.
Add or remove a row to the log.
A method to build a default digest method.
Creates a set of vertices that are sampled.
creates a new gremlin transaction manager
Shifts the bean instance to the specified location.
Loads the positions from the database.
Makes all elements in the make list.
Called when a text node is deleted.
Reload the application environment.
Creates a producer with the specified topic and message.
Creates a tab in the foreground.
Checks if the given functions are allowed.
Loads all org access records from the database.
Closes the disk cache.
Create volume map for export mask.
Closes the connection.
Returns the maximum of two vectors.
Start a process and wait for its output stream.
Add arguments to the command line.
Finds the node with the given key in the tree.
Draws the axis state.
Reads the contents of the specified fetchlist.
Creates a random colour
Parse a category string.
Processes the legacy process method.
Create a sptk file from a string.
Aborts the task.
Add a csp listener.
Prints the given message to the given print stream using the max line width.
Remove a range of mappings as a batch.
Asserts that a result set has the expected nullability values.
Compute the bounding boxes of the contours
Add a timeline for the current string.
Attempts to load the lob database.
Paint the component.
Returns a list with extra capacity containing the given elements.
Send event to all registered listeners.
Update a single or multiple keys.
Load the extensions from the given extensions.
Deletes the given addresses.
The number of results to return.
Checks if the given file exists.
Skips the given number of bytes.
Initializes the payment method registry.
Attempts to convert the given file name to the given maximum size using the default charset. If
Copy the contents of the given URL to the given file.
Update the deltas.
Create an authentication configuration.
Remove all leading and trailing whitespace from the given text.
The text of the classifier.
Create a child raster at the given coordinates with the given band
Sends the remaining bytes of the buffer to the client.
Dispatch an event to all listeners.
Find file to open.
Returns true if the two strings are equal.
Execute list of commands
Populate blob.
Remove a file from the map.
Make this result set immutable.
Appends the string to the statement.
Removes all elements from the hash map.
Update favorite station.
Inserts all of the elements in the specified collection that are not present in this list.
Prints an analysis of the text in the given file.
Returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability.
Parses an integer from a string.
Construct a buffered header from a character array buffer.
Convert a java. util. date to a string.
Execute with back off.
Check server response code.
Add a resource source to the list of sources.
Commit changes to the panel.
Connect to target.
handle motion event.
Add a class to this context.
Edits the given element with the given column property name.
Create a curved floating point
Serializes a DOM document to a string.
Replies the area of the triangle formed by the three points.
Performs serializaion.
Convert a string list to an array.
Finds and returns the minimum element in a collection.
Create a heartbeat server.
Tests the to string method.
Attempt to find a club.
Compress a line of data.
Convert a collection of inet addresses to an array of strings.
Starts an activity to profile a specific pilot.
Smooth moves.
Updates the price lists of a product.
Checks the dependencies of a module descriptor.
clear bit inside a positive number
Deserialize funnel.
Appends a parameter to the given descriptor.
Adds a catch clause to this try statement.
Sends the content to the browser.
Attempt to unlock the object with the given key.
Fetch orders.
Attempt to ensure that there is at least one schema agreement.
Clears the stack.
Store the sprite store.
Checks if this block has more work than the given block.
Tokenizes the current token.
Checks if the given URL points to a jar file.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if the specified object is a
apply set timestamp.
Create a new instance of the given class.
Stop the timer and update the duration.
add a row to the buffer
Decodes the given base64 string into the original data bytes.
Acquire a stack frame from the current thread.
Recursive implementation of walk.
Checks if is mime type image.
Create a fx group.
Get the size of the bitmap.
Returns the absolute value of this matrix.
Remove an attribute.
Take a snapshot of the camera.
Parses a single exception option.
Rotates an image 90 degrees.
Update finantare.
Display the current calendar.
Creates a line string from the given coordinate sequence.
Trims an array to a given size.
Closes the stream if it is not already closed.
Method to check if connection is allowed for given event name.
Subtract the specified number of droidflakes.
Process a block of data.
Determine if a required resource name exists for the given policy and realm.
Main program to run the stripper.
Format a date.
Builds a key identifier from the given certificate.
Opens a new jar file.
Removes all the emails from the collection.
Test for unwrap of 02.
Set the access token.
Determine if a character is a letter.
Call the visitors for all expressions in this expression.
Create a string containing a link.
Checks if the given token is a valid expression.
Destroys this queue.
Creates a new URI from the given file.
Processes a request to play the media.
Search for the object in the list using a binary search.
Finishes writing data to the output stream and resets the bias value.
Returns a vector of all the elements in the given state.
Removes the given value from the set.
Cache data.
Marshall an enum value.
Initializes all event listeners.
Checks if any of the midi file writers support the given file type and sequence.
Returns the Window NAF value.
Map the collection name.
Fill a vector uniformly with values from min to max.
Returns a hash code for this array.
Stops the animation on a thread.
Test if package name equals another package name.
Draw the range markers for a specific dataset.
Decrypt data.
Set the VPF of this layer.
Should close a connection.
Get the HSL value of this color.
Submits a shutdown task for execution waiting the given timeout for each of the scheduled tasks to
Returns true if there are no more entries in the queue.
Change the current working directory on the server.
Removes the quote from the given column.
Check if we ve scrolled up.
Refills the input buffer.
Searches the index for documents matching the given query.
Ends the list.
Returns a list of child elements of the given element whose names are in the given set.
Generate a number of random bytes.
Returns the text of the arcs tip.
Get a list of jobs.
Returns a binary representation of this polynomial.
Opens the input stream.
Adds a caret listener.
Returns the serial sensor manager.
Test is currency method.
Encodes a buffer.
iiiii - > equals
Parses the id from the given URI.
Marks a range of blocks as used.
Symmetric Householder reduction to Hessenberg form.
Reads a string from given memory at given address.
Shifts right.
Aggregation method for long values
Removes a legion member from the legion.
Prints the current buffer to the underlying stream.
Does this method contain a baf body?
Returns a new string that contains all characters in the given string retaining the given chars.
Delete the least used connection.
Binary search.
Clean up the transit schedule by removing routes without departures and empty lines.
Test if two labels are equal.
Takes a list of patches and returns a textual representation.
Terminates the output stream.
validate sort size
Finish painting.
Deletes the current panel.
Asyncrhonously average double function.
Returns the next token.
Creates an HTML object.
Returns a string representation of this instance.
Parses the given file as a macro.
Delete ES.
Add a part to the list.
Shutdown fsync service and wait for termination.
Finds the farthest location in the given direction from the given location.
Samples the size of an image.
Create the main split pane.
clean chain.
Initializes the transaction manager.
Creates a new fs instance.
Helper method to create and append an element to a parent node.
Convert a stream to a string.
Splits a branch name into its remote name and its name.
Encrypt an output stream using a password.
Returns a new string of the given length by padding the original string with the given character.
Reload swipe state in view.
Resets this key generator.
Flips the matrix by a vertical matrix.
Shuts down the session manager.
Convert ip to string.
Creates a new c object.
Convert a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Writes a string to the buffer expanding if necessary.
Creates a new collection of all permissions.
Merges the given networks into the given tzone.
Print a message followed by a newline.
Read a chunk of data from the input.
Searches the index and returns a list of all the tags and genres with the sum of
Create a kd tree from placenames.
Patch the local name.
Builds a string from a list of tags.
Create another element.
Resets this sensision object to its initial state.
Rotates this vector by the given radians around the x axis.
This method is called when a connection is lost.
Returns the value of the header with the given name.
Parse sparse fields.
Create a signed SSA document signed with a list of SSA identifiers.
Called when the state of the tab changes.
Add a URL to the list of URLs to scan.
Add a range to the interval.
Resets the transformation.
Reloads the document.
Returns true if the field is static.
The number of outstanding requests.
Convert a byte array to a string.
Initializes the logger.
Fills the left view with columns starting at position pos.
Remove a default value.
test put and snapshot
Merge two signatures.
Returns a hash code for this object.
ignite deployment exception.
Enter a new initiator.
Add an option.
Pause for the current thread to join.
property change event.
Adds an image resource to the animation.
Scans the classpath for classes implementing the given interface.
Get the next cdata.
Check if the given position needs a skylight.
Expands the specified rectangle by the specified amount.
Convert a string to a packet.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Gets the value of the initialized property.
Removes a shutdown hook.
Computes the number of transitions between two points.
Returns the current value as a string.
Check camera size.
Appends a string to the output.
Encodes a string to a stream.
Returns the lookup list.
Returns the sum of the delta values.
Checks if the given character sequence is a word boundary.
Executes a blocking operation with the primary connection.
Writes an array of characters. This method will block until all characters are written.
Creates a viewer for the given composite and span.
Returns a string representation of the type.
Draw a line from the current path to the given coordinates.
Runs a basic test with the given parameters.
Disable all the buttons.
Loads an artifact from the given file.
Attempt to acquire the given number of threads.
Checks if the end of the string is the end of the line.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this command.
Set the transit section action and the delay in milliseconds.
Creates new form d
Add a point to the list.
Determines if the given class is a cglib proxy class.
Verifies discovered information.
Generate a report.
Update the text views for the given recharge.
Maps transaction to near or id.
Stops the server.
Decrypt data.
Derives the ARGB value of a point.
Add a landing pad to the world.
Create a new attack strategy from the given parameters.
Creates an ordered thread pool with default values.
Write chunk.
Returns the event with the given id.
Initialization of custom checkers.
load the properties from the system properties file
Prints the contents of this object to the given print stream.
Convert a string to a date using the given format.
Computes the MD5 of a file or directory.
Initialize the generator with the given parameters.
Returns true if there are more records in the result.
Reduces the size of the backing array to the size of the array. This operation is
Append a bracket to the current value.
Converts a chess board to an ascii string.
Clears all caches and sections.
Convert an iterator to a node set.
Submits a task for execution concurrently.
Create a list of VMs.
Add a port to the port use count.
Pop the current attribute set from the stack.
Puts an object into the cache.
Remove a model change listener.
Fire a change event to all registered listeners.
Create the connection name.
Discovers a host by its id.
Read fully len bytes from the stream i into the given byte array starting from the given offset.
Draws the lines.
Adds a new node to the queue if it is not already in the queue.
Converts a file object to a file object.
Create a compatible raster with the specified dimensions.
Build a multi segment power law bipartite graph.
Executes the given command.
Update the progress for the current thread.
Create a context handler.
Tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
jsp initializers.
Create a new directory.
Convert a 2 - D array of ints to a string.
Checks if the request is a category child of the product category id.
Output an instance to the buffer.
Returns a list of all of the columns in a table.
Add a resource that was created at the given location.
Releases all semaphores and removes them from the queue.
Compares this object with the specified object for equality. Returns true if and only if the specified
Checks if the current quorum is maintained.
Schedules the next alarm.
Request for stop.
Test for create ssl 02.
Join the given arrays using the given function.
Splits the query and path components of the URL into a set of strings.
Processes the report action.
Begin a transaction. All registered listeners are notified.
Add a job to the job queue.
Resets the parser to the given latex string.
Adds a new constant.
Adds new data to the data set.
Returns the gain of the connection.
Attempt to cancel a named property.
Deserializes the given bytes to an object of the given type.
Verifies that remainder is a multiple of two digits.
Show a dialog for the selected neurons.
Encrypt a byte array.
check if the given class has changes of any of its children
}
Removes all occurrences of a special character from a string.
script action.
Created a web image with the specified url.
consolidate tuples by installment wise.
Checks if the given string is a valid email address.
Add a line merge directed edge.
Parses application. xml from a file.
Create a new connection.
Returns a report of the collisions.
add a subscription to the store
Zip a string to a zipped file.
Returns a map where the keys are the child ids and the values are the expanded state.
Add a listener to the audio packet broadcaster.
Create a CRL value.
Specify the path to the environment.
add a callback to the list of callbacks
Removes all blocks from the current section.
Writes the given string to the given file.
Recursively checks for a variable access.
Called when a time picker is selected.
Find the segments near a point.
Adds an action to the update manager.
Loads the configuration from a file.
Finds the URL for a given class.
Remove the given id from the cache.
Create a non - CG volume pair.
Provide timestamp downsampling with window size.
Returns a string representation of the path.
Receive notification of an error.
Put head.
Create a union path iterator.
Reads a value from the database.
Add a message to the error list.
Returns true if there are more deals in the queue.
Add an issuer to the list of issuers.
Build selection string.
Remove a node from the cache map.
Persists a device to the disk.
Asserts that creating a new element succeeds.
Adjusts an array to have an absolute value.
Remove the processor at the given index.
Builds a chain of nodes from a suffix and a value.
Create a by object from a locator string.
Notify all registered listeners that a progress thread started.
Throw exception if this record is destroyed.
Upload an artifact from an input stream.
Escapes the bytes in the given string.
Returns an array of the types of the given values.
Adds security token to the given element.
Skip spaces in a string.
Update the look at.
Samples an assignment from the data set.
reads a certificate from the given stream
Attempt to start a HTTP tunnel.
Maps the given key to the given class instance.
Renames the given table.
Handles the last confirmed error.
Add a fingerprint to the set.
Apply the layout to the neuron list.
Returns the nice value of this field.
Get the size of a layer.
Finds a static method of the given type.
Search for service cards.
Add a phonenumber to the list.
Returns only digits and plus signs in a string.
Compares two methods.
Find a marker segment by its tag.
Opens an input stream for reading.
Concatenates the first element of this array with the given source.
Publish a list of items to a subscriber.
Returns true if the attribute is set for the given feature id.
Checks that the scheme matches the default scheme throwing an exception if not.
Populates this key usage.
Generate periods.
Create an AES key.
value change event.
Parses the given response string into a json object.
Loads the current version information.
Finds all DTOs.
Add footer view
Add a sequence to the queue.
is read only boolean.
Consume works as expected.
Set the parent node.
Checks if the name is registered.
Create a new quality constant and add it to the list.
Prints a message to the console and then exits.
Asserts that two timestamps are within an epsilon of each other.
Params for xml requests
Flushes the buffer.
Add a hop to the packet.
Returns true if the queue is empty.
Test primitive instantiation with boolean type.
Read the entries in the segment from the segment reader.
Get the number of hosts in the map.
Adds all certificates in the given store to this store.
Process a single lob.
Starts a prefix mapping.
Prints the stack trace of this throwable to the given print writer.
Convert a list of data flavours to an array.
test choice empty icon error handling
Converts a string of attributes to a human - readable string.
Gets the next id.
Fill field values.
Checks the security infos against the client identity.
Retains only the elements in other that are contained in this list.
Converts a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
Adds an index to this table.
Sets the ssl key store key password.
Create a new state machine ensemble.
Creates a shortcut set from the given character.
Deletes the smallest key and returns the new node.
Resets the counters.
Writes the given source file to the given output stream.
Sifts the given iterable of compounds into a map of target class to list of compound
Update the location of the particle.
Compares this value to the specified value.
Binds a progress bar to the given property and value.
Removes the given column.
Write a string to the log.
Closes the current connection.
Combobox editor with est wrapper.
Remove an action listener from the button.
Checks if the given index is a literal.
Generate granularity from string granularity.
Uses the default locale.
Closes the index.
Push a local file to a remote device.
Process a single segment.
Resizes the cache to the given size.
Splits a uint8 to two bytes.
Assists in the formatting of a short field.
Recursive method to initialize from a directory.
Removes a bandwidth field by its name.
Exit with a process success code.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Collapse multiple newlines into a single string.
Generate javadoc.
Extract properties from an iterable of properties.
Remove the last element.
Ensures that the given component is visible.
Ends the current representation.
Creates a new pie section label generator using the specified label format.
Splits a line on the given delimiter into n tokens.
Initializes this timer with the target object and selector.
Reads the next tuple from the stream.
Computes the result of two double values.
Remove a property change listener.
Load data from XML.
Hashes a signature.
Add trigger group name.
Read a string from the stream.
Deletes the temp files.
Read and decompress thumbnail.
Submits a runnable to the pool.
Shrinks the specified area by the specified amount.
Asserts that the request contains at least one of the tests.
Build the absolute stats for the given name.
Serializes the classifier to the given file.
Find by thrift id.
Checks if the field is a partition tag.
Arranges the blocks of a given container with a given constraint.
Executes the given statement.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified search character in the specified string searching from the
Increases the value of the given key by the given delta returning the new value.
Send an osc packet to a client.
Handle a key typed event.
Fill in the gaps in the given map.
Reads an object.
Create a multi sig input script.
Deletes the instances at the given indices.
Adds an event listener to the list.
2 - D Garbage Collection.
Checks if a date is between two other dates.
Add a timeout event listener.
Convert a list of strings to an array.
Transform tool tip text.
Writes a sequence of bytes to the internal byte buffer.
Makes a HTTP request to the given URL.
Receive notification of character data.
Append a tag with the given name and value.
Cert token validation extra info.
Adds the given contents to the list of top level contents.
Executes a closure passing in an instance of the database.
Writes to the underlying stream.
Add an entry to the index.
Solves the network using a set of nodes.
Deletes the specified number of elements from the specified start index.
Create a new event type instance.
Performs the reverse document operation.
Use subject creds only.
Adds a string value to the array.
Deletes a storage object.
Asynchronously sends a request to the COAP server.
Returns true if the example is ok false otherwise.
Loads the binary data from the given stream.
Asynchronously delete luns from a lun group.
Removes the given locators from this group.
Is the given choice selected?
Add an operation to the progress panel.
Sets the security provider for the given name.
Decrements the worker count.
Creates a new URL from the given HTTP requests.
Create a tcp client with the given host and port.
Test for bug22613.
The time in milliseconds of the process.
This program rewrites a set of rewrites.
Create the settings menu.
Writes a string to a data output stream.
Checks if the given string is a valid java name.
Create the node commands.
Parse the list of packages and update the sensor context.
Gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a
Deletes the first N characters of the given string.
Convert a list of params to an array of classes.
Reduces the size of this Gaz instance by trimming it.
Check if the user has selected an account.
Sorts the instances using the quick sort algorithm.
Flips an image horizontally.
Get the current value of audit.
Checks if the request is a terms request.
Reads all the segments from the file.
Projects a time value within 24 hours.
Update min max for no dictionary.
Deserialize a struct.
Parses the command line arguments.
Concatenates 2 byte arrays.
Initializes the input stream from a file.
Create a dismax configuration object.
Writes a value to the properties table.
Computes the y - coordinate for a given maximum value.
Add a focus cleared listener.
Add item listener.
Returns an enumeration of options.
Creates a mosaic levy.
Returns the rank of the given value in the list.
Negates the given predicate.
Add margin top to child view.
Converts a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Send data to the device.
Fetch the schema from the server.
Appends the given data with the given prefix separator and suffix.
Convert this array to a real array.
Reads the partitions from the given file.
Return true if seqno is past the disk log.
Draw a line.
Process a single item.
Adds an element to the end of the queue.
Return the cardinality of the range [ tail index )
Create a response.
casts a value to a long
Finish the grid row.
is state preserved1.
Shutdown the bridge.
Received a ping from the client.
Returns the integer value of the given object literal.
Resets the viewable area.
Test the transfer rate.
Add an x509 trust manager.
Returns an iterator over the children of this node.
Create a new folder.
- - - - - - - - - i p.
Perform the actual comparison.
Test for regression.
Prints a value to a string.
Checks if the given retention policy is retained at runtime.
Test process msg with 5 bytes of data.
Adds the given classpath as a class path.
Loads the directories.
Create a new individuum with the given dimension.
Find all classes that match the given URI.
Checks if is slavo germanic.
Shuffles the inventory of an inv.
Formats the given value according to the given format number.
Makes the given string lower case.
Runs the asserts on the given list.
Register a transform.
Terminate a coroutine by removing it from the active list.
Shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary. This method involves copying
Appends one or more conditions to the existing one.
Drops bytes from the buffer to the given absolute position.
Set the fields of this hop to the given values.
Update the controls.
Writes a character to the output stream.
Selects a message.
Submits a batch remove or insert.
Allow multiple additions to a user specified system name
Checks if is object class present.
Writes an integer field to the stream.
Natural logarithm of factorial of x.
Blocks until all data has been written to the stream.
Add delta to the current and return the new value.
Closes the given object without throwing an exception.
Append data to the file.
Notify all registered listeners of the change.
Convert an int to an inet address.
Opens the FTP connection
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map if absent.
Determine the suffix of two strings
Closes the input stream.
Starts the monitor.
End the current video frame.
Scales the icon by the given factor.
Reads the object.
Converts the characters in this string to upper case using the default Locale.
Removes and returns the element at the specified position in this queue.
Add action.
Create the rmi registry for the given port.
Polls the file and calls the handler with the new data.
Reset the internal state of this layer.
Appends the current string to the builder.
Processes a request.
Returns true if the lease has expired.
Makes the given visitor visit this instruction.
Reserved for internal use.
Handles a done query.
Get the list of former identities.
Computes the logarithm of a vector.
Method chartProgress.
Obtains a local date in japanese format from the epoch day.
Checks that the cache is empty.
Finds the node with the specified hash and key.
Add a language to the list of languages.
Returns the index of the largest key in the given array up to or including the given key.
do add user.
Murmur3 128 - bit variant.
Register a host.
Balance a flow.
Creates a jar file from the given output stream and the given map.
Appends a new cell with the specified int value.
Expect the server proxy failed.
Removes the parameter with the given key.
Recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
Returns true if this node is empty.
Inserts a column spec at the specified index.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of this pattern in the given string.
Computes the size of a RHS.
Loads a bsh command from the given input stream.
Invoke a compiled command.
Computes the probabilities of the responses using the multinomial logistic model
Add an external client.
Deletes the given resource if it exists.
Add export remove steps.
Inference using a gibbs sampling model.
Removes the given token from the token table.
Adjust min pref for spanning components.
Parses the given file and calls the given listener for each parsed event.
coder result. underflow ;
Gets the network parameters from the given id.
Adds all certificates and CRLs from a cert store.
Store the body of the message.
Finds the angle between two points.
Appends the whitespace to the given appendable.
Clears the resource indices for the given resource type.
Serializes the message to a byte array.
Generate rolling periods.
Returns the labels of the vertices in this graph.
reset the unread counts for a section
Add a category to the list of categories.
Invoke a varargs method.
Attempt to find the most recent messages from all other nodes.
Makes the current color.
Test stream from values.
Cache client id.
Finds a node in the tree.
Query whether this field is public.
Processes the given image using the given task image container.
Do the actual work.
Create a cell id from a face i and j
Update the enabled state of the actions.
Closes the underlying stream.
Truncate too long number.
Returns true if the given time is within the epsilon interval.
The histogram to use.
Creates a weekday label.
Append the given path to the end of the current path.
Get the first index of substring in value.
submit with null pointer exception.
Reads the next n bytes from the stream.
Add a preprocessor directive.
Formats a date and appends it to a buffer.
Clears the previously lapped results.
Add a has constraint to the query.
Adds the given attribute to the object.
Copy stream.
Prints the members of the type.
Initialize the basic variables and rows.
} }
Get free space on windows.
attach a header to the message
Returns the most appropriate phonemise for the given text at the given position.
Stops the JVM with the given exit code.
Create a new state with the given value.
Returns a hash code for the specified object.
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings
Asserts that the actual pivot field matches the expected pivot field.
Convert the booleans to XML.
Serialize an array of strings to an XML stream.
Traverses a directory tree calling the visitor for each file.
Highlight hashtags.
Process a single block of data.
Get the topic for a command
Checks for null elements.
Executes a HTTP GET request and returns the input stream.
test set seedbyte array02
Flips an image vertically.
Creates a new morfologik filter instance.
Executes the callable catching and wrapping any exceptions thrown by the callable.
Pads the given string to the left.
Returns a hash code for this policy.
Create a Unix terminal with the default character set.
Is the cell editable.
Check if there are any streams that are not already online.
Add a package to the priority list.
Performs remote service browser action.
Verifies a certificate.
Expand the string.
Set the supported encodings and the maximum channel count.
Rotation of edge labels.
Create a response code with an extension.
Returns the inverse cumulative test values.
Appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string builder. The argument is converted to
Deletes a list of servers.
Sorts the specified sub - array of floats into ascending order using the specified array of float
Receive notification of a recoverable error.
Add a new element to the set if not already present.
Recursively creates a node in ZooKeeper.
Stops the recording.
Writes a tag to the stream.
Returns the hash code of this certificate path.
Declare a new type variable.
Iterates from self to to inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Adds a raw element to the select clause.
Remove a change listener.
Check if a GTS is normal or not
Displays the current progress.
Parses a repository expression.
Closes this reader. This implementation releases the buffer.
Adds the given section to the list of sections.
Loads the relationships from the given reader.
Splits the version string into parts and returns them as an integer array.
Computes the type of the graph.
Check if two numbers are within a given tolerance.
Loads a model from the given js file.
Split a line.
Create volume data.
Convert linked hash map to object.
Find by thrift id.
is start block.
Prints error to the underlying stream.
Splits the PDF by the given size.
Validate a set of auth schemes.
Converts a uuid string to a uuid object.
Reads the next line from the underlying scanner.
Decodes the given string as a base64 - encoded byte array.
Make a red gradient paint.
Match numbers.
Creates a random node in the graph.
Asserts delivery states.
Create compile scope for facets compile scope.
Writes a bitmap to a file.
Parse the given text and return a sentence.
replace a template child with another child.
Hashes a set of keys.
Flushes the buffer and the output stream.
add entry to info list.
Updates the sliding state.
Flush the current data to the writer.
Set video url from string
Compares the specified string to this string.
Flush the underlying stream.
Start the server and wait for it to finish
Evaluates the pagination.
Creates a new collector.
Deregisters a service provider.
Adjusts the current date to the next day.
Update the value of an item.
Writes an float field to the stream.
Decode the given data using the specified number of error correction bytes.
Return a path for a scroll bar button apart.
Removes all views from the adapter.
Checks if the given mobile string is valid.
Convert an error.
Returns the hyperbolic sine of a number.
Add a notification to the bottom sheet.
Returns true if any of the attributes have been modified.
Returns the ignore descriptor for the given method.
Returns a random element from the given source.
Returns the size of the message.
Extracts the arguments from the signature.
create ssl 01.
Processes the given events.
Resets the state of this object to the initial state.
Redefines the node.
Writes a 64 - bit long to the specified position.
Delete r.
Move to the next available frame.
Reads a long.
Tests database meta data.
Discover implementation for the given category.
Create a new via header.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Resolves the parameters of the executable.
Checks if the given character is a valid name start character.
Test a character to see if it is in the start of the id list.
Returns a hash code for this font.
The command handler.
Checks if a string ends with a float.
component resized.
Initializes an argument with a name description expected number of values and a dashed argument.
Removes an element from the set.
Remove a model from the list of models.
Read a map from a file.
Hoeffding log.
Called when a nested view scroll occurs.
Test local instances deterministic.
Add a region to the list.
Reset the tree.
Asserts that the consumer throws an exception of the given type.
Returns true if there are no nodes ways and relations.
Asserts a boolean.
Set converter.
post init.
Attempt to retry on an exception.
Sorts a batch of files.
Add a directory to the database.
Returns the node at the current position in the map.
Add an organization to the EM SDK.
Press a key.
Returns true if the given string is the last occurrence of this pattern.
Paint a single layer.
Receives a char from the buffer.
Convert an array of bytes to a byte buffer.
Writes a single byte to an output stream.
Processes a local file URI.
Generate the utternace for the specified feedback index.
Resets the timer.
Reads an int.
Returns an enumeration of options.
Test for add issuer method.
Adds a transformation to the tag.
Returns true if the file has been modified since the specified time stamp and offset.
Returns the characters up to but not including any of the characters in this cursor.
Reads the lyrics3 tag.
Evaluates the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Checks if is db configuration present.
Returns true if the number of consecutive characters in the given pin is incomplete.
Writes alert and close window.
Attempt to find the best parse for the sentence given the start and end index.
Parses the given DOM element.
Distance between two points.
Prints the start of the line.
Returns a new string by padding the given string value to the given number of characters.
Registers an error result.
Copies all of the elements from the other set into this set.
Start a video capture device
Configures the license locator.
Checks if the given exception message starts with the given class name.
Initializes the registry with the given project types.
Registers a notification listener for the specified mbean interface.
Subtracts two numbers of the same length.
Consume messages from the consumer.
Delete all the attributes of the given entry.
Test for initialization of dsa algorithm parameters.
Returns true if the given class node can be represented as a class literal.
Load properties from log file.
Create an HTML object from a map of args.
Update user.
Returns the likelihood of the document having the given tag.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Gets the value of the safemode property.
Test get and put methods.
Adds the last item to the list.
Checks if current locale has localized messages.
Parses a docker image name.
Add a set of channels to the list of known channels.
Deletes a directory.
Deletes empty folders.
Asyncrhonous sum of int
cipher output stream write 3 bytes
Parse the document from the given string.
Checks if volume is a production journal
test pound symbol in column name
Decodes the given escaped string.
Waits for the next poll to complete.
Computes the lengths of the given text.
Writes an image map to the specified print writer.
Add a message to the notes.
Convert this object to an XML string.
Converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
Returns the minimum element of the given iterable.
Reads up to the specified number of bytes from this input stream into the specified byte array starting
Add a key and value pair to the map.
Consolidate item stacks.
Returns how many days have passed since given time.
Checks if a string is a valid character according to the XML specification.
XOR with zero.
Performs an action on the next element of the stream.
test fill with ciic
Adds missing values to the current set.
Insert records in batches.
Removes a previously added listener.
Manage connect uri.
add volumes to parking storage group
Converts a string to an input stream with the specified encoding.
PKCS8 export boolean.
Decodes a public key from its encoded form.
Creates a new tick with the specified value.
Returns true if the server is running and the cache is not null.
Logs a message to the specified print stream.
Check if modifier is public.
Create a map from a generic value.
Append a string to the current array
Delete user from authentication info.
Log an error message.
Remove a processor from the list of processors.
Returns the animation type of the animation that ended before the given view holder.
Add an element to the list.
Checks if method is contained in list of wrapper methods.
Removes the given node from the graph.
Called when the user presses the update button.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Attempt to load the class with the given name.
Evaluates the Gaussian elimination function at x and y.
Returns the number of elements in the batch.
Decodes a URL encoded byte array.
Removes all views from the scraper.
Add a data set to this dataset
Ends an element.
Create a new VLC device from a list of options.
Add a child display at the specified location.
Computes the minimum path from a 2 - dimensional grid.
Populates the time field with the given date.
Creates new d dialog.
Returns a new automaton which is the minimal of the given automaton.
Compares this item for equality with the specified object.
Add a column to the table.
Check for na ns.
Fill a string builder with zero or more characters.
Opens the file for writing.
Contribution to K for the given attribute values
Flushes and closes the output stream.
Writes a list of files to a destination.
Mark all classes as internal.
Returns the cosine of this angle.
Computes the error of the regression line.
Returns the number of key - value pairs in this dictionary.
Append a character sequence to the output.
Convert a date time to a string representation.
Return the value of the attribute with the given name.
Copy the contents of this buffer into the given byte array starting at the given index.
Imports a key from the key ring.
Retrieves the connection group tree for the given connection group.
Checks if the given reader contains a single metric.
separe meta tags content.
Remove the given columns from this table.
read service config.
Refreshes the current preferences.
Add a type mirror to the list of inherited types.
Multiplies a histogram by a scalar.
Add participants to the cache.
Convert a map to a JSON string.
Prints the message and the context.
Returns the number of methods in this class.
Store request id.
save mni post.
Go to update page.
Create a new element in the unit.
Convert a collection of files to a list of relative paths.
Ensure the security manager is set.
Queries the database to get the rate from a given date.
Performs the interaction between a client and server socket.
Create a new engine id.
Parse referential rules.
Encrypt and replace a document.
Add an issue to the transformation.
Inserts a child node at the specified index.
Hashes a password with MD4.
Checks if the given value is between zero and one.
Substitute macros.
Multiply each element of this matrix by the given exponent.
Split a class name by camel case.
Parses a string and returns a list of nodes.
Creates a new instance with the specified population and typed properties.
Generate a discovery element.
Declare a primitive type.
Called when an action is performed.
Apply properties to the service.
Rotates the subtree so that its root s right child is the new root.
Add a node to the cluster.
Checks if a backup set exists.
Converts a string to an array of strings.
Writes a string to the underlying stream.
Parses a threshold file.
Shutdown the server.
Converts a point to the view coordinate system.
On connect.
Add a setup descriptor.
Compile a progress success action.
Joins the given elements using the given separator.
Put an unsigned byte into the given byte buffer.
Returns the number of parameters of the given string.
Optimize the given trie.
Check if all the granted permissions have been granted.
Returns the key of the matrix as a string.
Create a formatter for the given locale.
Wait for external store to mount.
Adds a node to the top of this stack.
Upload apk to the device and install it.
Read a list of bytes from an input stream.
Uninstall a package silently.
Opens the next audio item in the queue.
Set the names of the components to be built.
Negative reverse step by one with closure.
Normalizes the given decimal to the allowed precision. If the given decimal is out of the allowed
Deserialize a XML document from a string.
Appends the given parameters to the given URL.
Sends an event to the agent.
Apply JMS filters.
Indexes the given field in the iterator.
Close output stream.
add a search listener
Gets the value of the container property.
Creates a new cache span with a new file.
Opens the given file.
Toggles the selection of a photo.
}
Maps the given character to a new byte.
Invokes the wrapped method.
Wraps the given string with the given name if the given name is in the built in set
Add a new issue matcher.
Finds the scope of the given element.
REG_SZ_OPEN key.
Remove a property change listener.
Advances the iterator to the previous character.
Replaces the element.
Test if this name starts with the given name.
Repeatedly invokes all tasks in the pool.
Initializes the listener with the given configuration file.
Sign a hash with this key.
Sets the period.
Create the edit menu.
remove a history changed listener
Set the current state of the model.
Return true if this is a BOM document.
Gets the value of the signed property.
Parse text.
Returns the number of parts in this multipart.
Make a database from a file.
Add a file filter to the given chooser.
Unbinds the service.
Peek at the next non - empty string.
Actualiza las usuarios que los usuarios.
Recursive function to add a layer to the neural network.
shift right with a negative number.
Compute ignorm.
Returns the index of the first nonwhitespace character at or after index.
Reads the content from the underlying input stream.
Sets the value of the primitive.
Creates the journal entries for a savings tax.
Reads bytes from this buffer into the given byte buf starting at the given offset.
Clear the time component of a calendar.
Returns the probability distribution function.
Converts an integer to a string and appends it to the given buffer.
Draw the text elements.
Test find with limit.
Handle a key event.
Returns a hash code for this position.
Strip leading period.
Checks if the given directory is required.
Compacts all empty labels.
Rotates the z - axis around the given angle.
Calculate the number of nanoseconds from the current date.
Perform an asynchronous max operation
Create a https resource.
Create the signature of the given type.
Prints a newline.
Increases the size of the buffer by a given value.
Handle an enumerated attribute.
Returns true if there are more items to load.
Add a worker if necessary.
Removes a node from the frontier.
Create a new font with the given name and image bitmap.
Returns true if the given pool is tenured.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Calls the given callable and returns only the first argument.
Add protocol selector.
Add a header.
Read the skeleton from the given reader.
Get a set of non monogamous samples from a collection of families.
Create the VAO scene.
Checks if the given file contains the given content.
Loads an image from the given file pads it at the given offset and returns the corresponding
Update status of receipts when cancelled.
Add an animation to the collection.
Cleanup discovery object.
Reads the words from the input stream.
Checks if the given string exists in the given range.
Unwatches a previously registered path.
Appends a property criteria.
Removes the column with the given name.
get un managed protection set by native guid
Put string to byte array.
Test if the expected results match the expected.
Executes the given update function for the current value and returns the updated value.
Closes the window.
Checks if the service should be moved.
Extracts the message from throwables.
Creates a new file with the specified path and lock factory.
Adds the given number of minutes to the list of values.
Recompose a variable declaration.
Handle a property change event.
Sorts the given array if necessary.
Executes an UPDATE statement.
Performs a normal text.
Initializes the Hadoop log.
Adds the indices in the given collection to this index set.
Checks if is cookie secure.
Loads a list of object models from a stream.
Create a multistep expression list.
add weight weight idx to the wordlen array
update table with fkstrict parent table
Prune exceptional blocks from the exception handler list.
Returns a spaced version of this string.
Parse the content type from the given bytes starting at the given offset.
Benchmarks using non caching.
Add a line to the current path.
Parses the output of the conflict command.
Sends the start part of the multipart message.
Adds to the actual qty.
Checks if the given character is a vowel.
Prints the stack trace of an exception to a print writer.
Reads data from the given input stream.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list.
Build a row of components.
Appends the given elements to the target.
Add a curve to the path
divide with round up.
Open the data input stream.
Adds two predicates together.
Reads the next word from the tokenizer.
Convert a string to a string buffer.
Checks if the given file exists.
Builds the associations from the given data.
Replaces the first substring of the given string with the given string.
location helper.
Add an object to the set.
Returns the first child element of the given element whose name is in the given set of child elements
Entry point for the example.
Returns the hash code of the underlying string.
add all helper text colors
Normalizes an array by dividing each element by the maximum.
Writes a message to a file.
Returns a hash code for this model.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Writes a file to the output.
Called when the configuration has changed.
Returns the keymap for the given key.
Is gm boolean.
Transforms a string that represents a URI into something more proper by adding or canonicalizing the protocol
Deletes the key and its associated value from the receiver.
Add the match to the string builder.
Starts the processing.
Create a single row of the matrix.
Remove chars.
adds all columns to the returning clause
Copies the content of the stream to the output stream.
DrawerAdapter check and setup streams
test fp type override
Copies a component.
Computes the zeta constant needed for the distribution.
Calculates the pending advance balance.
Load user profile
Scroll the list by a given amount
Does the given symbol need quoting?
Parses a commit counter file.
Loads a document from the given file.
Create a new floating comment node and link it to this node.
Checks if an assign id is a hod.
Label mode munger for the given languages.
Matches a stat spec against this archive.
Recursively assign cluster numbers.
Closes the current subpath.
Create a background task.
Save selection.
Shortcut method to create a new method with no parameters.
Clean build task by id.
Create a random directory with a random name.
Moves the rectangle to the given coordinates.
Sends an event to the TelemetryClient.
Handle a pressed on a header column.
Creates a list of fixed records.
Add attributes to tracked entity instance query params.
Recompose the attribute sets.
Split the given string around matches of the given regular expression.
Recursively deletes a directory and all its contents.
Finds the last node in the list.
Append data to nal unit.
Get the size of a directory including symlinks.
Pan to absolute coordinates.
Compares two serialized objects for equality. The objects must be of the same type.
Gets the url.
Returns the mean value of a list of numbers.
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Opens a new input stream at the given URL.
Enable fullscreen for testing.
Convert an HTML entity to a string.
Write a vector of bytes.
unlock ui.
Build a map of volume URIs to storage systems.
Encrypts the given bytes using the given password.
Find by thrift id.
Installs this key listener on the given editor.
Returns true if the connection is secure.
Samples a record.
prepare tenant create param.
Force an internal error.
Draws this node as a highlight.
Creates a new image encoder instance.
Apply the pinch zoom to an image view.
Parse a file option.
Returns true if the acct is balanced.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of bits
Returns the detail base of the given method.
Finishes writing to the output stream.
Causes the current thread to wait for the lock to be released.
Proxy method for creating a statement.
Deletes an object from the index.
Switch to another database.
Load client object.
Adds a field property.
Parse no wild cards.
Returns the baggage environment variable.
Draw a single series.
Add a user to the listen list.
Checks if the given class name is valid.
Tick the current minute.
Checks if scheduling of the scan job is needed.
Removes a set of breakpoints from the storage.
Replaces the creation template for the given guid with the given name.
Read object.
Adds the given item to the list.
Convert a byte array to a hexidecimal string.
Creates a new cluster server.
Test sign bytes positive4.
Test the minimal completion stage of a future.
Write directory resource.
Trims an array to a given size.
Returns the potion type for the given name.
Remove a specific mesh from the list.
nbest list.
Posts the given runnable to the event handler.
Returns true if the underlying map is closed.
Insert think time.
Add an instruction as a child of this node.
Ensures that the buffer has at least the given capacity.
Removes the given name from the list of names.
Read json api collection.
Add a targeted by swarm.
Checks if a checkpoint with the given key exists.
Manage an OM intrinsic parameters
Copies the given stream to the given output stream.
Writes the header of the document.
Parses a string with the given closing character.
Unwraps a value of a primitive type.
Format a link.
throwable as json.
fix tools. utils
Initializes the reader.
Returns the list of files in the given directory.
Appends the string representation of the children of this edit.
Encodes the given value using the vlq encoding.
Removes the overlay for the given cell
Removes the foreign key at the given index.
Inserts an integer into this string buffer at the given offset.
Adds the gefaehrdungs umsetzungen.
Returns the normalized class path.
Add an object to the sequence
Add an element to the top of the stack.
Convert the given node to a string if possible.
update with foreign key
PRIVATE HELPER METHODS
Validates the scheme and local vm id.
Finish the writing process.
Convert an offset to a physical address.
DTDHandler.
Checks if the user is authorized to perform the given operation on the given credential.
Returns the next element in the iteration.
Add a list of messages to the player.
define a rational function on this permission request
Creates a new principal.
Compares the specified object to this CRL.
Returns a random number from 0 to num.
Converts an array of septet bytes into an array of octets.
Create a new c with the specified graph and manager.
Returns the height of the specified marker.
Consume a message from a client.
Distance between two points.
Finds the same as subj in the graph.
Recreates all tables and triggers.
Returns the dot representation of the graph.
Resize the tables if necessary.
Returns true if there is a next inet socket address.
Convert a percentile value to its corresponding x value.
Get the queue name from the database name.
Use this symbol.
Returns the angle in degrees between the current touch state and the given touch state.
Read an unsigned 16 bit integer from the data at the given offset.
Removes the surrounding quote characters from the beginning of the string if they are not already present.
Generates a human readable label for the given dataset and series.
Checks if the given strings match the given pattern.
Adjust the preferred size.
Finds the declared field with the given name and descriptor.
Create a new quarter with the default locale.
}
Maps key to float with default value
Read boolean.
Perform auto boxing for a field.
creates a new pdf file with the given data
Main entry point for the example.
Await a match.
Build a list of signatures from the given partitions and markers.
Test bit for positive 1.
Finds the first non - space character after the end of the given sequence.
Calculates the coordinates of the glyph.
Convert a Julian day number to a java. util. date.
Remove the last element.
Recursively serializes an xmp node.
Query util table.
Convert a list of strings to a list of numbers.
Advances to the next image.
Parses the data from the given stream.
Finds the best insertion.
write short value to the stream.
Checks if the pool manager has been initialized.
Handle click on register button.
Register a valid subject.
Trims a line of a string.
Gets the 2 - dimensional Euclidean distance.
Appends an instruction to a function.
Returns an iterator over the elements in this set. The elements are returned in no particular order.
Verifies that the given set of domains is not in use.
Filters the intersections of the circle and reports the results.
Initialize without j.
Attempt to find a serialization type for the given annotated class.
Convert a scene file from the input stream to the output stream.
Returns an immutable map.
Writes a character array.
Loads a mary voice.
Append a key and value pair to the end of the map. If the key is past the
add incremental classifier listener
Read a float from the stream
Generates a collection of X. 509 certificates from the data in the stream.
Checks if a file or directory exists.
Convert order clause.
Tick a block.
Update the purchase history table.
Configure the message label.
Removes all limit lines.
Discard all elements from a stream.
Create a metering rectangle for a normalized coordinate system.
Flushes the output stream.
Create a vector from an array of double.
Visits an inner class. If the outer class name equals the inner class name the access flag
Convert a longitude to a pixel value.
Returns true if the specified values appear to be geographic.
Prints a single register.
Removes a session from the set.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Iterator over the children of this page.
Enables or disables the plugin.
Create a new HMAC with the given key.
Checks if this string starts with the specified string.
Writes raw bytes to the output.
Return true if the given class is a src class
Process an ldif file.
Print progress.
Acquire a read lock on an object.
Load positions.
Creates and returns a check box with the specified text and icon.
Adds a batch to the download queue.
Dequeue an output buffer.
Create a job definition with a fixed delay.
Find by thrift id.
Writes the given 64 - bit Long to the given memory address.
Splits a folder into j folds.
Signs the given XML document with the given alias.
Displays a popup.
Creates a new writer for a preread.
Guesses the best firing plan to use under heat.
Map a volume group rest object to a volume group rest object.
Post a list of files.
Clears the searchables.
Add a new action listener.
Add an ingredient to the recipe.
The order of this query.
Find clone by key in vector.
Convert a string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the specified string looks like an ABG repeat.
Starts the process.
Add a metacharacter and its replacement.
Do the lookup.
Finds history by job.
Quote a character.
Update pending nodes.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Draw the overflow indicator.
Write a line of values to the file.
Checks if the stream is a PEM.
This method is called when a resource is closed.
Sets the routing for the request.
Receive data from the network.
Delete the attribute at the given position.
Adds labels for the given locale to this index.
Wrap a key.
Provide plugin loader.
Add a separator to the log.
Test if the external storage location exists.
Loads the raw modules from the database.
Writes the data to the output stream.
Round a probabilitiy to the nearest multiple of num.
Convert properties to types.
Parse register information.
Create a thread factory.
Test the metric for the number of cpus with uint16.
add a transaction to the map.
Attempt to sleep for the given number of milliseconds.
Test split and join on pipe properties.
Test int boolean map.
Returns the busy state.
Parses a base64 - encoded byte array.
Resets the current bandwidth and quality.
test merge security role into empty document
Decodes a full revision.
Recursive method to remove all child nodes of a node.
Unlinks interior Node p with predecessor trail.
Calculates the mix of two Frictions.
Serializes an object to a JSON string.
Compiles a zr register.
Checks if native volume expansion is supported for the given VPLEX volume.
Update the GUI with a roster entry.
Get the Omega of a number.
Returns a new terminal size that is the same as this one but with the specified size.
Check if gzip is allowed for the request.
Replay processor.
On show conversations.
Reads a single octet from the input stream.
Enqueue a job.
Test bit for positive 2.
start element callback.
Draws the given string using the current font.
Reads characters into the array starting from the current position.
Update the nonce parameters.
Matches all virtual pools with the given system id.
Calculates the fee for a player.
Add search history.
Filter a list of files and remove those that don t match the filter.
Join an array of doubles with a separator.
Writes a short to the underlying stream.
Specifies the fields to be ordered.
Sets the original and the stemmed string.
Merges a list of log network streams into a single one.
Pack an array of ciphers into a string.
Filter the extensions by description and extension.
Ensures that the tuple array is large enough for the given row.
Checks if the given string is a valid argument.
Recursive method to remove all children of a given node of a given type.
Atomically sets the given value to the current value.
Return true if this is a valid savepoint.
Copies the columns from the given result set to the given table editor.
Write a collection of strings to a file.
Clears the data set.
Resets the uid validity.
Writes an ogg page header to the given buffer.
Handle a static site request.
Removes a room.
Discharge the item stack with the given amount.
Returns the contents of this queue as an array. The elements are in no particular order.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the selection.
Returns true if the specified feature is in the current mode.
Returns the backup partitions of the given node.
Set the image url.
Build the pivot transform.
Convert a digest to a hex string.
Create a line bidi from this string.
Determines if the caller is valid for the given package.
Paints the background of the title pane.
add a new graph listener
Restarts the install if necessary.
Aligns the real and pred arrays so that the real and pred arrays have the same number
Checks if a product is a category.
Creates new form StatsTable
Appends a file to the server.
Provide a list of whites.
Return true if the given name is scoped.
Initializes the input stream with the specified buffer.
Loads a properties file.
Squashes the given boolean field.
Renders the given views to the given writer.
Remove all database listeners.
Attempt to parse an audio map XML file.
Add generic attribute.
add info about fahrt events to list of events
no service loader.
Hashes a UUID with the given code.
Prepare to write to the given channel.
Runs the server.
Caller must be synchronized on p.
Create an iv from a literal.
Adds a header to the message.
Add a atom as a child of this atom.
CDF of Rayleigh distribution
Removes a result from the map.
Add a new filter entry.
mod succeeds if exponentiation fails.
Creates new d dialog.
Computes the sum of the results of a sql expression.
Returns the x offset of the shadow
Finishes the activity.
Writes the bundle to the output and compares the lines of the bundle.
Add the given number of days to the current date
Create a new temp file.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this command.
Removes an entry from the data set at the given index.
Compresses the input using the given compression mode.
Closes the given resource.
Remove the specified element from the queue if it is present.
Create a raster with compatible sample model.
Get the scheduler command line arguments.
Add a document to the analysis request
Processes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key returning the updated key.
}
Add a Cubic Bezier Segment to the current path.
Read the buckets from the shared preferences.
Returns the next character from the reader.
Accepts an app offer.
Performs signature verification using the specified public key and provider.
Injects the dependencies of the application.
Waits for a write to complete.
Reads a local date.
Remove a selection listener.
Writes a number of hex digits to the socket.
Reads the string from the given stream.
Convert a list of type parameters to a list of maps.
Runs a unix command and parses the output as a long.
Read and close the given input stream silently.
Checks if a node is within two other nodes.
Creates a new treebank reader.
Unwraps an unexpected message.
Closes the output stream.
Applies the given row change data.
Recursively normalizes a named list.
Checks if the value is infinite.
Format inprogress z.
Add a new value to the summary.
Receives a redundancy.
Output a doctype declaration.
Checks to see if a vector is a valid one.
Resolves a URL from a base URL and target string.
Returns the maximum depth of this node and all its children.
Convert a string to an array of URLs.
Add a new stack to the recipe.
Fire a connection closed event to all registered listeners.
Writes a volatile value to the given object at the given offset in the given object.
Set the field to use.
Create a random URI from a set of server inet addresses.
Navigator for a plot.
Add a new column to the table.
Set the dimension of the comparator.
Adds a new element to the document.
Flush the output buffer to the underlying stream.
Appends the first character of the given character to the end of this builder.
Add an instance of the given class.
Reads up to len bytes of data from the underlying stream.
Checks if the window is shown expecting components.
Process run started tag.
Inserts the given character at the given offset.
Add a root element.
Expand to the given element or tree path and select the given element or tree path.
Appends a new cell with the specified float value.
Creates a new SVN instance with the specified configuration.
Ensures that the canvas has the given maximum size.
Tells whether or not the given character sequence is normalized according to the given normalizer.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Unescape som.
save in async mode
Reads a copy state from the given input.
name ; ) ;
Redeem a token.
Lightens the given color by the given factor.
Convert a size to a string.
Returns the name of the class with the suffix replaced.
recursive depth + 1
Validates qualified name.
Formats the float array d with the specified number format.
Pack an array of ints from a string.
Remove the viewpoint at the given indices.
Clear all onPageChangeListeners.
Update the background color.
Remove a view from the set of ignored views.
Write the header to the output stream.
Caller must hold the lock.
Returns the maximum of n elements filled with the specified float value.
Removes all of the elements from the set.
Toggles the selection of the given section.
Combines a list of files to a single output file.
stop scrolling instance
Executes the Kahan operator with two input functions.
Create a response object with status code 200 and mime html.
Peek at the next event in the stream.
Replaces the end point of the URL with the given string.
Create the path that will be used to draw the marker.
Adds a new member with the given value.
Convert a list of strings to a list of whitespaces.
Computes the qualified widget type name for the given widget node.
Process a ftyp atom.
Parse a map of tokens from a string.
Performs an HTTP DELETE at the given URL.
Computes the density of a set of entries.
Returns a copy of this categorical table.
Create a sub - configuration.
Map service names to display name.
Create a new column with a default value.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Execute potential work on the given data object.
Queues a bitmap for the given key.
add a listener to the after server start
Attempts to fill the buffer with more data.
Creates a new notification.
This method adds data to the blocklet.
Checks if the given host name is part of the given domain name.
Computes the entropy of the data set.
save instances to file q
Calculates the color of a bar.
Reads characters from the underlying reader.
Adjust the indent of the current block.
Appends code for this field to the string builder.
Create a forward planner for a dialogue system.
Creates a button with the given text and alignment and adds it to the given container.
Returns true if the given attribute set matches the given value for the given tag.
Converts a business object data key to its string representation.
Create talk usage.
Finds the enclosing call of the given name.
Generate an ovfenv image from a ovfenv properties file
Create an actionable event.
Create a rational from the string.
Remove all notifications of a given type.
unify via atom.
Adds a UUID to a node.
Returns object field offset.
Builds an XML representation of this object.
Set the selected state of the run button and dispose this component.
Return a new flux by concatenating the first N elements of the array with the given
Shutdown the server.
Is the given local id the same as this one?
Bind to server socket.
Checks if thread is interrupted.
Resets the output builders.
Writes the contents of the carrier table to a file.
Remove a listener for resource events.
Test that the project has the main activity.
Inform user of a similar name.
Writes the header to the given file.
Gets the vendor.
Set the match and confidence.
Heapify the tree.
Recursive method to add category to the tree.
Add a new listener to the drawer.
Edit an existing note.
Add a new entry to the tracker.
Hide the action bar.
Format a time delta.
Deconvolves a set of points.
Collapses all newlines in the given string.
readObject is called when the object is read from the stream.
Calculates the total for a given column.
Opens the given file for analysis.
BeanContextMembershipListener.
Process a single syllable.
Remove instances from containers.
draw a normal message
Send a kill consist command.
Starts listening.
Parse the given bitmask into a set of flags.
Verifies the signature bytes.
Add a match string.
Returns a string representing the number of milliseconds since the given timestamp.
Convert a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Removes a job from the jobs map and stops tracking it.
Gets the coefficient of variance.
Returns a string representation of the polynomial.
The version checker.
Upgrade an existing attribute to a new one.
Convert a canonical name to a dalvik name.
Emit a ensure collection.
Unregister a client from the cache.
Handle double quotes in the given string.
Allocate a new container.
Checks if the given URI is a local resource.
get mounted obb path.
zone level resource boolean.
Validates a message.
Close all the databases.
Computes the MD5 digest of the given message.
Compares a job to the metastore.
Delete a set of people containers.
Test mapper find recent messages.
Queues an event to be run.
Add an error message.
Increases the capacity of the spine if necessary to ensure that it has at least the given
Write a new key - value pair to the data store.
Executes a solr query and returns the result.
Checks if the two links have the same stats.
Returns a sanitized version of the id.
Remove a provider by number.
Parse a single element.
Format money into a string.
Delete an instance of the given class.
Read PAC settings.
Log a warning message.
Reads the given number of bytes from the given stream as a string.
Create a new array filled with the preset field values
Unregister a transaction service
Sorts an array of numbers using the isort algorithm.
Tests if the model class of a node is consistent.
Method find and init.
Removes all layers from the map.
Returns the number of productions.
Creating a full ZNode with optimistic locking.
Writes the object to the output stream.
Compares the specified object to this value. The object must be an instance of mq.
Creates a new field reflective attribute.
Process an event.
Removes membership listener.
Add a message to a uri.
Present the triangulator.
Increment a calendar by a given number.
Bind an angular object to the notebook.
Removes all occurrences of the given indexes from the given list.
Creates a new tree.
Returns true if this is an object type.
Interpolate the current time using the interpolation constant.
Request all mods from all joined channels.
Returns true if the given value is in the set.
Renames a file.
Handles a number of violations.
Remove a sensor from the list.
Prints a way.
Returns this element as a string.
Returns the full path of the given object.
Checks if there is a next proxy available.
Returns true if no object was clicked on.
Returns a hash code for this type.
Set measurement mappings.
Extracts a ZIP file to a directory.
Add a file to the configuration.
Creates new dialog.
Send a teardown request.
Attempt to parse more data from the given image.
Test simple ear.
Get the length of the array.
Tests this prefix for equality with another object.
Notify the monitor of the current wifi state.
Checks if the value exists in the visited array.
Removes a diagram change listener from the diagram manager.
Factory method to create a grid object.
Strip leading dollar.
Clear host context.
Sets the probability of this probability.
Starts a new chart stage.
Handles a data point event.
Subtract another named range set from this one.
Creates a tailer and starts listening.
Is operating system mac os boolean.
Returns the number of values in the array.
Initializes this object from a CRL.
Returns a new string with all occurrences of the specified string removed.
This method is used to send a message to the client.
Disposes of this menu item.
Calculates the signed distance between this and another point.
Recursive real expansion.
Create an array of ones.
Submit a permission request.
Test setting a context on deployable.
log navi logger
Create a new delete sub command handler.
Remove cycles from the graph.
Convert a matrix to a string.
Find the ancestor.
Kills the process.
Encodes the given character buffer.
Creates a new metrics instance from the given dimension map.
Resolves a class from the given stream class descriptor.
Check if the given point is inside this creature.
Adds an element to the end of the list.
Gets the value of the use anti alias property.
load level files
Validate zero long file.
Writes the tag to the given output stream.
apply mask to value
Computes and adds the duration.
Reads a number from the nitf binary file.
Take a screenshot of the current screen.