Returns the current depth.
Compute the union of two Bitsets.
Makes changes to this model.
Returns a string representation of this model.
Computes the union of this and that.
Returns true if the specified value is equal to the specified value.
Calculates the position of the first character in the string and the last character in the
Recursively walks the specified directory and collects the results.
Create a ordinal array from a set of tuples.
Calculates the result of a vector throwing a illegal argument exception if the result is not
When the dataset has changed the method sets the range of the axis to the new value.
Schedule the schedule as library
Returns true if type t is string type
Validate sql statement.
Returns a copy of the values of the given array.
Returns true if trace is enabled.
Use the missile of the specified player.
Returns a tcp matcher for the given configuration.
Determine the max level of the given node.
Requests that the user enter their pass code while they are confirming the visibility of the view
Decrements worker count and removes worker from workers list.
Fills the table with the data from the table 4.
Puts a map entry to the disk.
Report the end of an element with the given name and namespace.
Displays a warning message if the log level is greater than fatal.
Removes all leaves with the given name from the catalog tree.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Validates a bit set for a given component.
Remove a hook from the runtime.
bound scroll value to current scroll value
Wait for volumes to be visible.
Start additional services.
Update the view.
Draws this image.
Returns true if the given event name is allowed for this connection.
Is prefixed boolean.
Release any resources associated with the given connection.
Adds actions to the view.
Add a renderer to the series of renderers at the specified index.
Copies the input stream to the output stream.
Calculate the angle between 0 and 1
Return a buffer to the pool. If the current size exceeds the limit the buffer will be
Add abstract options from the iterable with the given filter and values.
Concatenates this character and another character.
Get the video from the server and send it to the client.
Fires a state change event.
Fails if the string is not the same as the one in the ecps order.
Formats a throwable message and logs it.
Create redis key for a queue.
Decodes a string using the specified character set.
Add a domain to the list of restricted domains.
Locks a read write lock.
Test is auto increment.
Copy the contents of the given array to the given stream.
Returns true if the list is empty.
Renders a single frame.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid UB name.
Adds a message to the field builder.
Prepares the data set.
Generate an array of proxy registrar instances.
Checks that a string is a valid object value and throws an exception if it is.
Rebuild the journal.
Removes all rules from the recurrence.
add nodes in document order
Do we need to refetch the data?
Create a document type with qualified name and ID.
Converts this field to a byte array.
Get enum value from style name.
Handles a video frame and returns the number of frames that were frame by that frame.
Create a new export mask map.
Inserts an object into the array at the specified index.
Render a component to a page.
Put document in cache.
Update the progress
copy data from one stream to another
Create a new audio file with the specified parameters.
Draws the glow.
Load properties from an array of classes.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the bytes in this string.
Fix GPS time field.
Returns true if the specified cell consumes the specified event type.
Reads an integer from the input stream. If the stream is at the end of the
Create the y axis of the graph
Returns the maximum delta.
Prints the current state of the job and its validation results to the specified file.
Adds another rule to this one.
Reads a pattern and throws an exception if it doesn t exist.
Get table types in the order they appear in the table meta data.
Update the cache.
Remove a listener.
Returns the string descriptor for the given field signature.
Adds an array of parameters to the request.
Convert an interface to an annotation class.
Test whether a resource support a given integer id.
Creates a electronic text object from a string and a context object.
Creates a pattern with the given parameters and the given pattern guarded.
Returns how many times intersections a line is contained in b and d is contained in a
Update and get the specified element from the specified set. If the specified set is not empty
Returns the unix timestamp of the current thread.
Returns true if the document is a PDF document.
Draws a grid background or borders.
Opens a zip stream based on the provided path.
Unpack a char array from a string.
Copy result code to tmp files and finish loading dialog.
The common submitter for this thread.
Returns true if the element is a field package.
Round half up a number.
Converts all codes to lower case string.
Loads the text from the specified stream.
Calculates the selector radius for the selected view.
Calculate the width of the text field.
Copy the contents of a byte array.
gets the adminlevel object from the object list.
Returns a string with the number stored in the lexer.
Convert a list of path values to a pixel
Decode a string to a byte array.
If expression is true throw illegal state exception. If expression is false throw illegal state exception.
Start slide in from top animator.
Makes a mutable copy of this big integer.
Make a request to sso that returns a string with the specified locale.
Creates a checkpoint from a stream.
Create a new index instance.
Returns the current value if it is closed. Otherwise returns the current value as a string.
Helper method to insert a value into a map.
Returns the minimum layout size of the given container.
Select the item at the given position.
Returns a list containing all the options of this widget.
Adds whitespace to the current node unless the current node is in a text node. If
Wait for editor to be active.
Returns the solution with the largest objective given the number of solutions.
Converts a WGS84 coordinates to a y - coordinate.
Register callback for sms change notification.
Parses the content of the stream as a property list.
Returns the current score of the function.
Grammaticality Futures the given names within the specified window.
Checks if the string is correct. If not the number of characters in the string is
Throws a runtime exception if the given array is not a valid vector.
Process a connection event.
Returns the percentage of the constant values in the given range.
Quitely close a closeable.
release the page and add the exception to the pcs list if the request timeout exception is
Add a listener for the SIP event.
Rebuilds required cache entries.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Load properties from a classpath resource.
Return true if this object is the same as the specified object.
Parse name value pair.
pull event.
Returns the mapping object at the specified location.
Parses the template file and returns the result as a string.
Compute the differences between two strings.
Create a hash map for the domain of this service name.
Count the number of tokens in this string.
Index a code index document.
Resets the common components.
Handles an exception with a custom title and message.
Reads an object from the input stream and sets the internationalized bean context support.
Paint the arrow with the enabled state.
A utility method to log an exception.
big integer equal to zero.
Called when the sensor s accuracy has changed.
Returns whether or not the current context allows trailing arguments.
Asserts that the last element in the list matches the specified string. The result will be
Evaluates the popup menu.
Remove a task from the queue.
Test for half up.
Ensures that a path exists.
Attempts to load the class with the given name.
Calculates the size of a specific measure.
Returns true if the given point is clipped from the list child under the given x and
Get the rules from a given workspace.
Write a byte array to a file.
Adds an item to the list.
Checks if there are pending custom messages to process.
Determines the number of consecutive digits in the specified message starting at the specified position.
Parse and add a new node to the layout.
Calculates the scramble image height multiplier.
Asserts that the value of num is the same as the original string value.
Remove all cache callbacks except the cache loader and eviction controller.
Returns the index of the specified object in the specified array or - 1 if the object is
Populate profiles box.
Check file header and return seqno.
Gets the absolute value.
map algorithm name to upper case id
Construct a generator with a single argument.
Checks to see if the read index is within the buffer s bounds. If not the
Override process mouse event to finish editing if the mouse is pressed or released.
add the collection of classes to the list of modules for the specified module.
Checks if the database has all the tables.
Classify the contents of the input into a list of strings.
Bind header view holder at position.
Gets the list of selected lines.
Create a rectangle at the specified location with the specified width and height.
refresh loading views size
Replaces a single split element with another element.
Start item list.
Calculate how many initial splits to split the given number of records.
Called when a mouse button is clicked.
Scans the given source directory for files with the given includes and excludes.
Returns true if there are no next postponed routes.
Returns true if the selected widgets contains a single element.
Normalize the path of a URI.
reads a XML Element Attribute ans cast it to an int
Reads the entire contents of the reader into a string. Closes the reader when done
Add a property getter for a given number.
Marks an entry as used by the system.
Executes the command and returns the result as a string.
Called when a particular state of a particular endpoint is left.
Register a specific algorithm.
Load key value persistence settings from the specified settings file.
Checks if a character sequence contains a word breaking a character.
Checks the interior set of strings.
Removes the specified object from this set if it is present.
Compose the given unary operator. Returns null if the given operator is not a unary operator
Adds a column to the list of column specs.
Converts a field name to a field name.
Generate a new secret key.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the given error message.
Execute SQL.
Rebuild the journal.
refresh the done button text
Creates a new migration task and adds it to the migration page.
Expands the specified number of bytes in the buffer.
Converts a string representation of an IP address to an integer representation.
Closes a cursor.
Returns true if the next token matches the given pattern false otherwise.
Push an int onto the stack.
Returns an xml node with the specified name and attributes.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Notifies the failure of the transaction with the given exception.
Calls the transform function with the given stylesheet.
Split string with delimiter escaped.
blocking until data is available
Remove an ob bondation from the specified basic block.
Set the bounds for the right side of the current view to the specified number of pixels.
Create a new compound content impl.
Check if coverage is enabled.
Find all values that are equals to the specified string.
Returns the index of the given object in the given array or - 1 if the object is
Appends a string value to the end of the list.
Returns true if the specified object equals this certificate object.
Append the statement between the specified objects.
Encode a string as a byte array.
Returns the histogram of the specified object and the number of occurrences in the specified gts.
Recursively compute the weights of the node.
Creates a new instance of the Elasticsearch API to read the content of the index and create a
Adds a string field to the query.
Combine two completion stage.
Builds a string that represents a CREATE statement against the schema.
Performs a simple negation of the string. The result is the same as the first
manager a stream info with the specified api and stream info listener
Convenience method for retrieving a sentence as a sentence.
Returns true if this is a pronoun.
Appends the string representation of the given field type to the given string builder.
Tokenize a string with a separator.
Saves favorites to the database.
Updates the rolling average by adding the delta to the last time.
Returns a list of validation error messages for the current payment product.
Returns the current state of the store.
Set the result with the given result and the master keys and the headers.
Called when a state is changed.
Converts a delimited list of strings into an array of strings.
Initialize the grid layout.
Returns true if the frame is running.
Create a mosaic definition.
Returns the result for the given node and collection of clauses and rel node.
Trust all https certificates.
Returns true if the component is in need of the form.
Add item listeners to the distribution.
Returns the square root of a number.
Runs the specified number of threads and waits for their execution. The number of threads is
Append a single character to the buffer. If an exception occurs it will be wrapped in a
Initializes the owner state manager for the given field meta data.
Create a query that returns the union of the specified columns.
Sets the node of the given coordinate as a directed edge.
Increases the current count by the given accuracy.
Revert a list of files to a given root.
Concatenates all the elements of the given arrays into a new array.
Returns an iterator over the tagged values of this value iterator.
Recursively ascend the current tree.
Returns true if the object can be read.
Writes the specified byte array to the underlying stream.
Called when an item is removed from the list at a specific position.
Computes the PDF of a normal distribution given the mean value and variance.
Sorts a copy of an array of objects and returns a copy of the original array.
Add zoom listener.
Clears the register graph for the given range of instructions.
Fires an annotation selected event on all registered annotations.
Verify whether the provided server is equal to the provided value.
If destination is non - null remove it from text. If destination is null do nothing.
Remove a service.
Returns the attribute reference of the given string or null if the attribute is not present.
Writes a escaped writer.
Returns true if the specified date is expired.
Add a new record to the bitmap store and record builder to the output stream.
Returns true if the method is the correct method for this proxy.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the contents of this object to the contents of the
Clears all the defaults and returns this.
Calculate the Euclidean distance between the two vectors.
check version and hosts in multi vdc
Converts a string to a string with the lower case characters removed.
Makes the string represented by this object a representation of a negative number.
Build an opus comment byte array.
Asserts that the property names of the received bean are equal to the property names of the
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Converts a string to upper case.
Returns an iterator that iterates over all the required nodes.
Unlock the current thread.
Returns a formatted version of the given text box.
Force number string to two digits.
Adds a drop item.
Finds by primary keys.
Load a workflow into the session
Gets the hash code of this key.
Remove a tag from the list of tags.
Verifies that the specified data and signature are valid.
Delete a directory from the web app.
Fails if the given iterator is in the same order.
Formats the finished percentage of the rollout.
Generates a host name for a given virtual machine and a host id.
Reads all data from the specified file and writes it to the specified file.
Unwraps a string if it starts with a given string and ends with a given string
Returns true if all segments of the given dataset are present.
Get the next event time diff.
Add lines to the list of lines at the specified offset.
Returns the square root of a double.
Calculate the number of transitions between two points.
Returns a string containing the least significant bits of the specified number of bits.
Encode a bit set into a byte array.
Sends a message to the client with the provided content.
Waits for a thread to become interrupted.
Load translations from the cache if the cache is empty.
Configures the mode of the mouse with the current mouse cursor and the matting cursor.
Add a new sim event.
Stop a timer.
Returns a string containing the summary of the matrix.
Creates a new file with the given path. If the path does not exist it will be
Adds a h span with the specified text and the specified legend color.
Creates a state log that includes all the connections to the brd
Create a new key builder with the specified collator choice and locale object strength and mode.
Returns the possible parents of the given node.
Set properties from input stream.
Opens a new connection to the server.
Adds a task to the relations with the specified field.
Performs a full bddp operation on a switch.
Waits for the specified number of milliseconds.
Verify write set not found.
Returns the entropy of the specified masses.
Returns true if the string is a valid token.
Parses a double value.
Puts a string into the buffer.
Adds a listener for the specified rtcp event.
Ensure that number of columns is > = number of data.
Report an error.
Connects to the file descriptor at the given inet address and port.
Return true if the given node is whitespace.
Adds a label with a back end debugger to this label.
Overrides the open method so that if the given string is the same as the file name
Remove a spring instance from the registry.
Returns the name of the delegate log file.
Parse a string from a triples b.
Remove all elements from the rolls list.
Sorts a byte array according to quick sort algorithm.
Close the currently opened popup.
Remove an object from the cache.
Stays view vertically.
Converts hex string address to inet6 address.
track a failure
Reads a double value.
Returns whether the bar is at the maximum or not.
Return true if the sequence starts with the specified character.
Parses the URL and creates a map tile set from it.
Compute date for double value
Enable pan.
Returns the distance between the two points.
Set the protocol host and port for this URL object.
Create a volume method
Adds an info command to this file descriptor.
Initialize all widgets.
Set the socket factory to secure random.
Sample max.
Display user code in the form
Performs a test for the construction of a mission.
Compares two offset objects.
Release the resources held by this object.
Unregisters and closes the output writer.
Resolves a set of class paths and a set of class paths.
Attempts to get the exemption mechanism s instance and fail if the provider throws an exception
Reloads the configuration.
Remove a message processor from the processors list.
Set the issuer serial number from a x509 certificate.
Adds a new matcher to the database.
Puts the specified bytes into this buffer at the current position.
Create a delimited string from an array of objects.
Remove all the images from the cache.
Create a new compiere color object from a list of string attributes.
Creates a new luxio state.
Checks to see if the preamble size is too large.
Reads the next number of bytes from the input stream.
Limit the line segments by the given x1 and y1 and y2 coordinates.
Shuts down the pool of tasks and removes them from the pool.
Convert a collection of inet addresses to a collection of host names.
Returns a new string with the specified number of chars removed. If the specified string is longer
Calculates the counters.
Append the specified character to the specified string builder.
Migrates the columns from the current table to the resource table.
Get the number of rows in a table.
modifier a jar file
Adds an attribute to the table.
Adds the given key - value pair to the current value. The value is converted to
Sorts the elements of an array into ascending order according to the natural order of the elements
Returns true if this is a server transaction.
Adds a new occurrence to the list of occurrences.
Reads len bytes into buf starting at the specified offset
Throws an exception if the supplier is not boolean.
Add a string to the cart.
Adds an item set to the frequent set.
Returns the number of bytes that could be skipped from the peek buffer.
workflow. method to remove a list of volumes
prompt the user to select a list of urls.
Convert the mouse event to the corner index and the row index.
Computes the regex of a string.
Generate a new call identifier.
Parses a single hour character from the source string.
Do the history.
Performs a substitution on an array of types. If the original types do not match the
Return a collection of all known transports.
Adds an operation that waits for the password policy state to lockout the password policy state
Display hive databases
Performs a negation of the string.
Returns the adjusted adjusted logarithm of the given value.
Decode a string to an object.
Copy a search document to a new document.
Sets this matrix to a matrix. The parameters must be the same matrix as the argument.
Release a lock for this distributed member and remove it from the set.
Returns a reference to this unicast channel.
Returns the index of the last element in the array or - 1 if the element is null
Write the specified buffer to the underlying file.
Returns the remainder between two numbers if they are not equal. Otherwise the result is n.
Test if the A - B is the maximum of the A - B s.
Blocks the calling thread and waits until either the thread is alive or the idle state is changed
Move the mouse from the top - left to the bottom - right.
Puts count bytes from src into this buffer at the specified offset.
Returns true if ip contains specified mask bits.
Attempts to lock the specified object.
Check if the current request has a cookie with the same name and value. If not the
Imports a set of files.
The specified string is a non - null string with the specified offset and item amount.
Reads the contents of an input stream fully and closes it.
Parse sql with named parameters.
Writes a long value to the buffer at the given offset.
Called when an action result is received.
Generates a random string with the specified salt.
Checks if the given object key is in this region. If not throw an exception.
Convert a string number to a string buffer.
Execute the init script if required
Parses a number from the specified string starting at the specified index and ending at the specified
Prints an object s current line to the standard output.
Checks if the array is infinite and throws an exception if it is.
Initialize the buttons.
Returns true if the string in the specified context matches the string in the specified window.
Find the relative path.
Clears the internal state of the cache.
Performs the negation of the string. The result is the negation of the first
Generates a string of the specified number of characters.
Throws an unsupported operation exception.
Removes the attribute with the specified name.
Evicts a key from the cache.
Returns true if the exception is a unique contraint.
Set a message with an exception.
Adds components to the specified container.
Insert used context prefixes into xml.
Adds the specified duration to the current time.
Pre - computes the hashes of the given array of integers where each integer has the same
Returns the elevation at the specified location.
Creates a observed object with the specified object name.
Remove all children of the given element.
Save the initial child state.
Returns whether this set is overlap with another set.
Ensures that the given object is not null.
pull xml string array list from input stream
Pad the given string to the right.
Returns a new enumeration of the specified number of measures.
Called when a send task has completed.
Add a button to the prefs panel.
Clears all unused objects.
Create a new grid field with the given properties.
Create an interleaved raster from a point.
Copies the file with the given name to the carbon data directory.
Finds out whether the selector object is vertical or not and fling backward.
Convert a string to a double.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners.
Checks if the feature is stable or not.
Calculates the text size of the specified string and writes the result to the specified output
Perform defaults.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Writes an image to a data output stream.
Called when the state of the slider changes.
Write string content to file.
Returns true if url is a file url.
Update status of current status
Convert a string to an array of ints.
Get the list of servers belonging to a particular site.
Creates a generic object editor dialog.
Returns true if the layer contains in line features false otherwise.
Decode the input stream into a byte array.
Runs finalization.
Displays all string defined in string xml.
Check http.
Adds a foreign key constraint.
Override this method to create your own handler instances.
Pushes a notification to the server.
Appends a string to a JSON string builder.
Update from system resource.
Deselected the item at the specified index.
Returns true if this node is a leaf node of the specified object.
Adds a listener that will be notified when the matching drones have been discovered.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Parses a string into a vector.
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the given output
Sets the manager s session.
Perform a batch post operation with a single request.
Returns the program directory.
Removes all the controls associated with this route.
Get keystore type from string.
Adds the object mapper to the top of the stack and returns the previous object mapper.
Returns the digit at the specified index or throws an exception if the character is not a digit
Convert the Diaspora objects to a JSON object.
Create a new key store from the specified file using the specified password.
remove property change listener
Returns whetherEnabled should be used for testing purposes.
Sets the bit in this set to the bit in the other set.
Tells whether the specified object is the same as the specified principal object.
Returns true if the lockdown profile is valid.
Checks if the filename is one of the given extensions.
Adds a new stream to the query and adds an outer join qualifier for the two streams
Decode bits into a string.
Create a new kdb database from the input stream.
Creates a new diff part.
Sorts the array according to their natural order.
Rebuilds the panel.
Processes the next n bytes of the input.
Returns the string representation of the given file object.
Go to next page.
null input stream
Returns an unmodifiable view of the array as a list of the type ids.
Add the rules to a batch of rules.
Returns true if the given element has already been visited.
Set the connection to the AWS iot client.
Returns an completable future that is exceptionally completed with the given throwable.
Initializes the errors to the initial values.
Check if the given mouse event has the same modifiers as this event.
Emits the current line of retained variables.
Set the scheme authority path query and fragment to a uri.
Returns a list of structured translation at the specified top n coordinates.
Reads the next number of characters.
Checks if is snapshot full copy supported.
Returns an iterable containing a list of all the services in the directory.
Strip code value from string.
Round half even to half even.
p - alpha - beta where p is less than num and alpha is less than num.
Validates the given signed data with the given signature using the specified cert and signed data.
Returns the number of elements in the sequence.
Add servlet run as role.
Performs a simple test case -15 on the bytes of this object.
Performs a multi term query on the given field.
Prints a message on a new line.
Calculate the sum of all field values for the specified entity.
Throws an exception if the input XML is invalid.
Returns a string containing the contents of this object optionally padded with space characters if requested.
Returns true if this is an accessor pair for t and t.
Formats a date according to the time zone of the given string.
Write linked file.
Returns the destination file path.
Gets a list of users or groups from server.
The panel.
Returns the default headers for this request.
Clears all par sys components.
Do a async request and return a response handler that can be used to write the response.
Registers a new client.
Reads input from input stream and adds base uri.
Parses a string value to a date using a collection of formats.
Removes a mapping from the table and values.
Finds loops for the code and the set of nodes that satisfy the predicate.
Generate hive test files.
Rename the given panel.
Returns true if the given column is fits as a single line.
Override before method to get all stack traces.
Transform a vector3 to a world coordinate.
Replaces the target character with the replacement character.
URL encodes a string.
Draws a rendered image using the supplied affine transform. If the rendered image is null
Skip to the end of line.
test ind test subset
Reads from the specified file.
Formats a number of millis as a string.
Add a property change listener.
Create a new folder with the specified path. If the folder does not exist a new folder
Add a typed array to the resource.
Add sub action.
Fill the tree with leaf entries.
Checks whether the left collection contains the right one.
Asserts that the duration in the specified time range is within the time range.
Shows a diff between two strings.
Adds an image to the images list.
Sets a resource with the specified cls and the current time.
Extracts the parameters from the hashtable and puts them into the hashtable.
Converts a data point given by a given frequency to a dot product.
Returns a rounded version of the supplied icon generator with the supplied background color and text size.
Returns a random bytes of the specified size.
Return a string representation of this object.
Copies a part of a buffer into this buffer.
Returns true if the entry has expired.
Adds a boolean value to the map.
Write attribute to xml.
Selects the item at the given position based on the current selection state. If the item
Method that can be used to invoke a method.
Write the header to the output stream.
Copy the contents of the response into a byte array.
Fade out all layers.
pack the modified tree in descending order
Register a text change listener.
Returns an iterator over the profiles in the order they were registered.
Returns true if the specified string starts with a space.
Add the given path to the URI prefix.
Converts key to level.
Called when a mouse event occurs on a graph.
Initialize caching http headers.
Add a component to the common set of components.
Waits until a match is found or interrupted.
Load the general subtrees.
Reads the next number of characters.
Returns true if the ping is disabled.
Writes the contents of a string to a file.
Makes a tree of writables.
Returns the angle between p0 and p1.
Moves the cursor to the start of the specified column and sets the current position to the
Gets whether or not the attribute selected panel is enabled.
Called to render the foreground execution unit.
Create a serial transaction.
Starts the runner.
Export an object.
Creates the dbffdc directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created.
Reads a string of characters from the input stream.
Iterates over the children of the given query node and sets the result as boolean.
Initialize the list of messages based on the tip of the day.
Create a new persisted queue with the specified parameters.
Appends the given objects to the given string builder.
Returns whether or not an event set descriptor is allowed to connect to the specified esd.
Create a new request for an open graph action.
Show the loading state.
Reads the external model for the given input.
Computes the mad of the median given an array of values.
Set the localized message associated with the throwable and the cause.
Links node as first element or returns false if full.
Notify all listeners of a property change event.
Indicates whether the given template is a read operation or a dirty read.
Displays a progress bar with the specified minimum and maximum values.
Applies the attributes of a graphic to the attributes of its symbol.
Increments the idle count for the given status and sets the current time as the new
Create a remote service descriptor from a base url and a request factory.
Read a journal.
Start server.
Returns true if the operation is complete.
Encode a string with the specified parameters and return the result as a byte matrix.
Copies count elements from src into this buffer at the specified offset.
Sets a header for this request.
Updates the UI.
Generate the extension manager.
Submits a task for execution.
Checks if the given string is a valid bucket name. If not throw an exception.
Validates the user namespace authorization create request.
Returns a formatted string representation of the given object.
Calculates the difference between this vector and another.
Checks if a consistency group can be deleted.
Attempts to close the given closeable quietly. If the closeable is null the
Retrieves a message from the queue waiting if necessary.
Removes the specified range of characters from the string array.
Checks if the read index is within the buffer s bounds. If the read index is
Close down all the bookie processes and delete the temporary directory.
Adds the specified or criteria to the current criteria.
Releases selection for the given set of entities.
Create a hub mapping from a file with the specified name and the number of hubs and
Delete load boolean.
Check the compute name of a virtual machine is the same as the host compute state
Returns a string containing the tag value for the given array.
Remove and return the insertion index of the arg index.
replace policy in resource tree
Creates an atomic long array of the specified number of bits.
Copy one file to another
Recompute seperation.
Make a square of an image.
Handles a lost entry.
Write the start tag of the element with the specified name.
Adds a process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
Puts a byte at the given index.
Configures the specified turnout operation with the specified parameters.
Generates a random string with a given salt.
Draw the description text.
Parses the given string free space and returns the number of bytes read.
Find the inter language link for a given language.
Updates action state based on the current state of the address space.
Constructs a new parallel queue from a publisher with the given parallelism and small buffer size.
Throws an exception if the directory does not exist. Throws an exception if the directory
Adds a gumball to the game
Adds a segment to the list and returns the index of the last entry in the list
Performs a test for removing a column in the database. This fails if the column is
Adds a channel to the server.
change size of this point to new size
Inserts a new row into the block.
Adds default uri.
Transfers a sequence from the current position to the next position in the sequence range.
Returns the distance between the line perpendicular point p and the line between a and
Returns a copy of this big integer.
Runs the unit test.
Remove the ids from the property list and return it.
Reads the entire contents of the given byte array into this buffer.
Returns true if this is a Jellybean bean or later version.
Computes the partial CDF of the given n and k.
Checks whether the specified string is enabled in the current operating system.
Checks if the output file exists and is a valid file. If not the key file
Adds an action listener for the response code.
Calculates the likelihood of all statistic values.
Returns true if the given automaton has dead states.
Subtract the specified decimal from this decimal and return the result.
Returns true if the given object equals this knowledge edge.
Skips the next character on the input stream and returns the index of the next character.
Use docker fetch to list volumes
Encode a base64 encoded key to a byte buffer.
step boolean.
Loads characters into the string builder.
Generates a signature for a specific string.
Create a arbitrary length path tree with the given parameters.
Adds a change listener.
scan yaml as integer
Returns a string representation of the specified bit array.
Converts a buffer to a signed16 bit buffer.
Returns whether the token is valid or not.
Write attribute to xml.
Expands all paths to the root object.
Provide a description for the specified predicate partition counts.
Waits for a string to be invokes any of the methods of the class types.
signal a string s as a sub - table action.
Returns a list of strings starting from the value from to the value to.
Compares to the other.
Adds an attribute to the set.
A uri that is a query string.
Convert RGB color to cmyk color.
Show error message.
Create a name value pair from a string value.
Strip chars from string bag to string s.
Computes the cos of a radians.
Destroys the fragment manager and the loader manager.
Remove a vetoable change listener from the bean context.
Does file exist?
Find attributes of a file.
Write map xml.
Sends an event programmatically to the rippler pane.
Returns boolean value indicating whether entry is full or not.
Returns true if the resource is a module according to the file extension
Writes an annotation to the stream.
Converts an inet address to a long.
Returns true if the given revision contains the given template name.
Get all the apps for a given date
Returns a new string list where each element is the plus of the specified strings.
Walks the parse tree starting from the top level context tree and adds listeners to the
Reads a single character from the stream.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Splits a string into a list of parts.
Returns true if the url starts with the given string.
Get the full path of a class.
Removes the specified title prefix.
Send a reply to a set of recipients.
Determines whether the given service object is relevant to the given set of attributes.
Returns true if o1 equals o2.
Find car by road number
Convert a string to a slashed class name.
Calculate the Euclidean distance between two integer arrays.
Create a new location.
Closes the record and sets the closing flag to true if the record was found.
Remove the specified download id from the pending list.
Checks if is android sdk dir in local properties file.
Returns whether the specified bundle contains token information.
Resets the current policy settings.
Returns true if the specified event name is allowed for this connection.
Calculate a vector2 that is a power of o with a given value
Returns an object that has a method with the given name and type.
Loads a prototype from the input stream.
Add a button.
Creates a response source and adds it to the list of mappings for the given request matcher.
This method is called when user selects an object from the input field. It sets the domain
Splits a string into an array of strings separated by a separator.
Inserts the given instruction at the end of the stack.
Creates a new instance of implementation object.
Set the format of the string.
Appends all elements of an iterator to a string.
Returns whether the notification is full.
Schedule a playlist to save the pending data if necessary.
Reads if the variable list is to read.
Called when an action is performed on the navigation bar.
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Converts an int to an integer.
Print with verbose level messages if verbose is enabled.
Saves the indexes of all objects in the array to a file.
Compute the bitap score for the specified match distance and x location.
Move position forward or backward.
Put all values from the specified map.
Replace the specified string at the specified index with a new string. If the new string is
Returns the string representation of this byte value.
Writes all data to the stream.
Copies all data from the reader to the writer and closes the writer.
Checks to see if the bookies up.
Computes the inverse transform.
Invokes the closure and fails if the exception is not an instance of the given class.
Write a packet to the file.
Process an attribute string of type T_ yesno into a boolean value.
Load the rma array.
Returns a list of work orders that match the supplied criteria object.
Calculates the week number of the time in the specified time zone for the specified locale
Add a new task to the queue.
Sign the given subject using the given signature and store the result in the scratch.
Schedules a task for execution at a fixed rate period.
abbreviates the specified string with the specified font metrics.
Stop the wrap and wrap the status text with the number of errors and the number of iterations
Checks if a specific row index is valid.
Copies all symbols into the main hash table. The main hash table is filled with
Determines the strength of a territory in a given game.
Joins all name pieces with the given identifier.
Try to parse a string to a date time and try again to find a matching date time
Return the current string as a new string.
Returns true if the given character is white space.
Removes a request filter.
Removes a set of classifiers from the set.
add property change listener
Returns the number of active checkpoints.
Add an object to the list
Add listen urls.
Adds a virtual array to the list of assigned virtual arrays.
Returns whether the specified cell is editable.
Returns whether the current block is drop in trash.
Concatenates the given arrays into a single list.
Get an iterator on the graph pattern.
Validate custom catalog.
Creates a thread pool that is pooled for execution of a blocking function. The execution is
Checks if is ssdp.
Adds a child at the specified index.
restore the selection model with the given selection index and change.
Converts the contents of this buffer to a byte array.
Mute and unmute the context.
Tries to consume the specified number of events from the queue. If the queue is full
Update ui from command text.
Compares to zero.
Returns a uniform random number from the specified mean to the specified sd.
Computes the percent of the scroll offset.
The index of the element with the specified index.
Create a new server transaction for the given request event and send it to the server.
Obtain a thread - safe logger for an object.
Read receive delay.
Write a number of times lines.
Returns the hash code of all the elements in this set.
Converts a string value to an integer.
Returns whether this node is a invalid node.
Pushes the given float value onto the stack.
Called when an object motion is detected.
Remove a batch clusterer listener.
Grants a refresh of the locks.
Removes a known object from the cache.
Wraps the given byte array to the heap and returns it.
Parse the base value to a string. If the base value is null then null is returned
Asserts that the string is the same as the one with negative numbers.
Inserts the element at the specified index before the current element.
Grows the array list by a given number of entries.
Returns a sided plane.
Checks if the input stream is a gzip stream.
Insert a op at a specific index
Clear all listeners.
Registers an instance with the server.
Asserts that the given output string contains the given string. If the string does not contain
Removes the classname from the set of names.
Asserts that the current stage of the CompletableFuture is a failed stage.
Override this method to paint the component itself.
Call the destroy method on the dynamic class loader.
Remove a attachment point from the port.
Get the total number of recover files.
Generate animation data for a particular model and add it to the animation pool.
Delete assignment from storage.
Returns the formatted string of the given object. If the object is a date the date is
Compares and sets the wait status for the given node.
Create a new thread dump.
Starts the output stream if the buffer is available to become available.
Checks if the input string matches the filter list.
Unlinks the non - null first node.
Initializes the document builder factory.
Returns the standard deviation of the vector.
Create the missing values.
Remove the given path and replace it with the given string.
Launch notification.
Expand a filename to a number of hidden directories.
Add the current buffer to the queue and wait for it to become available.
Updates the text field value.
Returns true if there is more data to read
Appends a signature string to a string builder.
Performs a heartbeat on the source database.
Create a new cipher parameter with the specified parameters.
Load a key from the file. If no key was found the default key is returned.
Remove a listener for categories events.
Returns whether or not a critical extension has any indicator.
Returns true if the given string is in the given array false otherwise.
Returns a clone or import node.
Release resources held by this thread.
Start the cleanup thread.
Make a list of urls from the given string.
Create input stream reader from content - type stream and charset.
Converts a rendered image to a single byte array.
Adds an object to the vertex list.
Configures local services for traffic controller.
Returns the index of the specified character in the specified sequence.
Append a string to the end of the string.
Push a value to the listenable future.
Convert this power to a string.
Sets the descriptor of the given column.
Filter years.
Called by the data provider when an event occurs.
Validate bean.
Insert the text in the document after the first open bracket of the specified command.
Attempts to choose a pattern to format a national number.
Fill the search field.
Create a copy of a field with the common data.
Makes the string equal to the number represented by the number represented by a byte array.
Cast object to type t.
force delete file to be deleted on exit
Initializes the receiver with the parameters from the step meta and the step data interface.
Draws an annotation from an editor.
Adds the specified point to the list of points. If the list of points is in
Loads properties from the specified reader.
Add an item at the end of the list.
Adds annotation to xml element.
Reads a boolean.
Returns a new enumeration of the specified number of measures.
Returns the logarithm of the given alpha value.
Start ticker.
Returns the cipher suite value of the specified id.
Create a pending action context.
Display the markers for a class.
Resolves a new expression.
Selects to three elements of the given list.
Verifies that a given mac appears at the given position in the record array.
Copy a transferable object to clipboard.
Returns a string representation of the download size and file size in a format appropriate for the download
Update the actions based on the selected text.
Make an immutable view of a mutable collection.
Track hex images.
Takes a string and converts it to a date.
Returns whether the node is processed in the specified direction.
power on a stream.
Generate a triangle from a set of edges.
Generates a collection of CRLs from the input stream.
Delete entity configuration for the given realm and federation id.
Returns shared instance of data source views manager.
Returns a string representation of this string with the tag c1 and c2 added to the
Returns the xml definition of the template.
Extract the id from the path info.
Uncompress a number of bytes from the input stream.
Polls from the socket file and sets the statistics handler.
Closes the underlying input stream.
Compares the remaining bytes of this buffer to another char buffer s remaining bytes.
Convert string to matsim4opus format and write it to output directory.
Add a new object to the aggregate.
extract policy notification from xml string
Flushes the buffered data to the journal.
Find a buff from a byte array
Decode field name to upper case.
Checks if is login set.
Add content item.
Converts a class name to a classname.
Pause for the given number of milliseconds.
Returns true if this node is highlight with an invisible edge false otherwise.
Prepare a job for cancelling a grid file.
Remove a change listener.
Generate fields.
Returns true if this object is flying.
Initialize the channel manager.
Removes all occurrences of the given regular expression from the given string and returns the result.
Consume a nested scroll.
Retrieve list of waypoints.
Release any resources held by this class.
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Adds a count field with the specified name and value.
Closes the dialog.
Create a media config attachment.
Adds a parameter to the statement list. If the list of parameters is null a new
Remove an event from a JSON object.
Checks if is full copy.
Read a string array starting from the given position array.
Returns true if the given byte buffer is too large.
Resets the index buffer time.
Create a response.
Downloads the specified file from external storage.
plnoun a string with the specified number of units.
Verifies that a cert alias is valid for the element.
Adds a video to the list.
Returns true if the specified zone is in the horizontal target zone false otherwise.
Reads transport systems from the specified reader.
Returns true if num is the prefix of num in nal.
Remove all entries from the main hash.
Adds a configuration item to the current component.
Returns the number of names in this file.
Generate random points.
Parses the parameters of the given string.
Adds a session token to a particular site.
deserialize the string and return the best fit depending on the format of the string.
Convert meters to pixels
Send a range of bytes over the socket.
Push a base context onto the stack.
Override this method to create a new tab or history picker.
Returns the contents of the specified file.
Normalizes each element of an array to the mean and standard deviation.
Adds a location to the location list.
Writes a formatted line of code to the current output.
Encode a string
check if the path need to be loaded
Returns true if the specified column is an input column with the specified name.
Convert hex color to int color.
Add a property change listener.
Emit an empty or null blob.
Rebuild the journal.
Performs a test for the case22 algorithm.
Restore all locations of the object with the given file name.
Wait for image to be loaded
calculate the blackman h arris4s min
Calculates the SHA - 1 hash of the given key.
Returns the lower - case hash code of this object.
Increment the number of received packets.
Converts the given text into a sentence.
Set data directory for Kafka cluster.
Called when the navigation is finished.
Check prosodic position boolean.
returns a big decimal for a given string or null if string could not be parsed
Register an input stream operators with the class loader.
Do permission work before android m
delete sub group containers
Sets the owner of the specified task and sets the sync flag for the next task.
Initializes the compiler with the command line arguments.
Opens a native dev device.
Send next byte.
Encode a serializable object to a base64 string.
Create an image object from a string and a context object.
Adds a list of profiles to the account header.
Returns true if k is a valid identifier.
Returns true if x1 is less than x2.
Move a single node from the source object to the new point.
Returns a list containing the objects obj1 obj2 and obj3.
Adds a macro record.
Adds an email address.
Finds the best provider for the given hash parameters.
Read a number of raw bytes from the buffer.
Returns true if the element of ar is a pair with x.
Load all the categories from the specified file.
Removes the transaction at the specified position.
Encode a list of types.
Clear assertion information.
Adds operation to the current result set.
Generate branch plan for a single table.
Adds a port tuple to the maintenance queue if it is not already in the queue.
Return the start of the stack as a long.
Compares two mime types.
Return true if this object is armed with the other object.
Set the valid values and mark them as invalid.
Returns whether the script is enabled in the session or not.
Checks if this object equals the specified object.
Returns the name of the template.
Calculates the MD5 checksum of the given string.
Returns true if the skin spec file name is a valid skin spec file ; false otherwise.
Inserts the specified object into the builder at the specified index. If the object is null
Override handle mouse moved event.
Load data from a remote file.
Disable vma on a specified object.
Create a new position relative to the specified lat lon position with the specified angle and path length
Returns the index of the given object in the given array.
Returns the maximum layout size of the given container.
Reads the contents of a stream into a string.
Adds the given number to the uncounted set.
Logs the expiration of an entry.
Remove the currently selected ripple from the list. This will invalidate all active ripples
Writes the specified string to the specified byte buffer.
Takes a number of records and returns a source records object that contains the number of records
Returns true if the specified object equals the specified object.
Compare a string version against a version string.
Checks if a vector is a valid vector
Returns true if this type is an obsessional type.
Moves the current location of the specified block to the desired location of the specified speed.
Removes the specified child object from this set.
Notifies all observers of a class descriptor.
Return a duplicate of the previous entry.
Returns true if the given mime is a mime in the app. xml file.
Create native page for url.
Internal method to throw a parse exception.
Create a custom editor with the tool tip text and the tool tip text in center of the
memoid one object with the given function and equality predicate.
ep single value
Get the field type from the field type map. Returns null if the field type is not
Adds an xml element after a new line.
Find all content parents for a given context.
Create a dictionary from the bytes in the input stream.
Collapses the specified building by removing all other elements from the building list.
detach a virtual machine
read nfc error msg
Show or hide the dialog.
Changes provider s last modified time.
Adds an action to the undo stack.
Returns a list of the specified array.
Add ping time data to the system
Adds the content to the string builder.
Tears down the ds and sds.
Returns a substring of this string starting from the given start index and stopping from the given stop
Remove a custom sash form listener.
Write string to file.
Deletes all variables with the given names from the session.
Returns a string representation of this date with the year month and year already formatted.
Close the queue and wait for all to finish.
Parses a string as an int.
Retrieve values from the result set and write them to the output file.
special case 1
Verify that the device is the same as the passed device.
Adds a window to this rule.
Returns a hash table containing all the elements in the iterator in the order they appear in the
Returns true if the document is a ttf document.
Registers the macro providers for the specified dev machine.
Applies a load factor to the hash table.
Adds the specified object to the set.
Populate stream blob.
Gets the sign from the bit anti - cyclic.
Adds a key to the near list.
Analyze class fields.
Returns whether the given log level is enabled.
Loads the entire exception stack.
Set attribute node n.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the object is critical.
Finds the edit table of the specified string.
write operations to a file
Checks to see if there is a newFollower in theFollower list.
Start of track point element.
Send a property change event to all registered listeners.
Checks that the specified string is compatible with the specified string descriptor starting at the specified index
Sort fields.
Draws the background.
Adds an attribute to the element with the specified name. If the element and the attr
check the delete vm response if the response is ok return the response otherwise throw exception
Runs the test.
Limit the specified matrix by the specified factor and scale the specified content matrix by the factor.
Returns the value factory for this value.
grants a new access token to the server. The refresh token must match the old token
Add a style to the styles map.
Extract client name.
Construct a fast future from an completable future.
Determines whether the result of an action is a place or not.
Adds a view to the list if it doesn t exist already.
Reads the contents of the input stream into a byte array.
Plays the media.
Create a string using the standard charset for the specified string.
Convert a collection of client cache flags to a set of flags.
Adds a new element to the list.
Add a value to the matrix with a given weight
Build a new row with a check box and a box item listener.
Returns the formatted string of the given text. If the given text is not a valid date
Returns true if the string is a child group.
Throw an out of bounds exception.
Create the next uncovered locus info.
Handle a global config change.
Launch email intent.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Add a translator to the class pool.
Writes the specified string to the output.
Reads a line and returns it.
Returns true if the given regular expression is valid.
Write a spatial grid table to a file.
Adds a view to the adapter s footer.
Add a close hook.
Execute a task on the thread pool using the specified executor. If the task is rejected the
Updates the minimum and maximum values of the given range to the minimum and maximum values of
Checks if the given character sequence is standard up single - byte. If it is not
Read the configuration from the specified file.
Increments the trading direction of the specified player.
Returns the URL of the given URL or null if the URL could not be resolved.
Create a new trace with the same addresses as the current trace.
Shut down all threads.
Register default device types.
dependency map. remove map entry for swc
Draws a list of tickers at the specified location.
The bi function used to insert a partition.
Perform a find operation on the ldap object.
Verifies that the string is the same as the radix8.
Checks if the given character is in the given encoding.
Delete an SSO object.
Remove all occurrences from the text area.
Enqueues all the successors of the given block to the given priority queue.
Adds a role to the list of roles.
display the modules table.
Sets the current time zone to be the same as this time zone.
Sends a response message to the sync channel.
Builds the list of snapshot files from the blob store index.
Create a new config reply.
Returns true if this is armed with the other.
Returns a key for an HTML attribute.
Convert a linear array into a sparse array.
Returns the maximum row found in the given set of tuples.
Update radio links state.
Converts two ids to a hex string.
Resets the cache stats.
Asserts that this other string is equal to the input string.
Remove the item at the specified index and update the children on menu views.
Shifts the string right. The result is a copy of the original string.
Shows a filter dialog.
Returns the number of pixels between the specified two points.
Returns true if the given form object allows popup to be included in the current context.
Gets a local repository from the current working directory.
Selects the minimum of two vectors.
Adds an accessible object to the set of methods.
Serializes the host info and the test package map.
get the objects for the specified block mirror and verify that they are the same.
Returns the formatter for the specified logger.
Remove a text listener.
Create tenant element with export data element.
Clears all the data in the buffer.
Apply the camera to the model
Create a point table.
Add to existing volumes if absent.
Creates a new file.
Partition by target type.
Load a number of bytes from the file.
Adds a notification of the given amount to the notification text.
Return the canonical file of the given name.
Initialize the tool tip.
Decode a string into an array of strings.
Computes the offset at the end of the animation.
Returns the number of bytes that would be ignored for a given record.
Generate the seed for the process.
Render a value expression.
Stop sampling.
Reverse the winding of a list of points.
Create a new dialog with the specified parameters.
Initialize the notification factory.
Waits for the current thread to become done or interrupted.
Clamp the given value to the given range.
Return the host directory of a volume.
Returns the formatted time of the specified time string.
Return an array containing all the elements in this array.
Returns a new string that is filled right with the given character.
Adds all elements from the specified collection to this collection.
Update the application state with a new checkpoint.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Create a list of pair objects from the given map.
Returns true if the given string is a valid object label ; false otherwise.
Adds a message observer.
Shows the specified character at the current platform. If the platform does not match the current
Converts a byte to a hex string and appends it to a buffer.
Removes the element at the specified index.
Returns a random vector with a mean and standard deviation.
Reports a warning with the specified number of times.
Returns true if the given sub is a known sub.
Returns the diff between text1 and text2 as a string.
Returns true if the entry is stored.
Returns the size of a directory as a big integer.
Get the boolean value corresponding to a given bit.
Filter the age file by a cutoff date.
Calculates the major tick of the graph.
Move to the next record in the result set.
Puts the specified object value to the hidden attribute with the specified sample value.
Returns true if the ordering of the first and second nodes is unspecified.
Converts an input stream to HTML.
Writes a class file to a file.
Adds a connection to this connection descriptor with the given address as the peer.
Converts an array to a vector.
Notifies all registered listeners of a version.
Performs a drop operation on the peer.
Clears the current set of criteria and sets the distinct flag to true.
Return a string representation of this object. If the object does not support any of the capabilities
Returns last modified date of file.
Imports the selected item from pkcs8.
Perform a control flow graph analysis for the given compilation unit and method tree and class tree.
Checks if the specified engine is a valid engine.
Asserts that two float values are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is
Calculates the d - values of the m extremal indices.
Load properties from a properties file
Replaces all occurrences of pattern in text with replacement.
Get the list of service names for the given service name.
Returns a stream with the same contents of the other stream but with the same contents of the
Reads the content of an external object from the input stream.
Sets the item labels to be the number format and the item format to be the number format
Set the vector to the given direction.
Adjusts the power of a number by a power of 2.
Clears all columns.
Checks if is last invoice.
proxy port.
Fetch cluster name from string.
get my service BioPAX Call the service BioPAX and fetch the B
Creates new document dialog with the specified parent with the specified title and key.
Method used to sample conditional migration events for a given parent and child height
Returns true if obj value is an attribute of boolean type.
Decode ASCII to a string.
Called when the selected operators are changed in the tree.
Remove a listener for property change events.
Transfers a node after its condition is cancelled.
Create a intent to share a string
Create an updater for a field.
Converts a map of string to a map of objects.
Create a pair of strings and strings.
Construct a row limit spec object from a row limit context.
Get the first common layer of the two brd items.
Removes an item stack of degree amount from stack.
Save the indexes of all objects in the array to a file.
Add a artist to the list. If the position is greater than or equal to the count
Execute async.
Checks to see if the location exists in the given repository. If not it will expand
Extracts the next token.
Saves the current date and expiration time in a preferences.
Encode this extension value to the specified output stream.
Asynchronously create a new cluster.
Returns null if value is out of scope.
Get named item n.
Write unsafe string to packet.
Add a new record and offset.
Calculates the SHA256 hash of the file.
Adds a property to a resource.
Asserts that two objects are equal.
Write actions to string.
Adds an object to the set when interrupted.
Encode a block of bytes into a string.
Perform a read feed and log the delta time.
Reads an int from the data stream and returns it.
Shifts the string right to the first 4 bytes.
Resolves a soot from a source file.
Build response url string.
Asserts that the component at the specified path is equal to the specified text.
path parser. path data node
Initialize a stream tokenizer.
Throws a switch state exception.
Runs the worker thread sleeps for the specified number of workers.
Reads data.
Attempt to lock the file. If the file does not exist a new one will be created
Opens a datagram socket on the given port.
Get the global info string.
Execute the given script
Disables the specified feature.
Remove event listener.
Returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Adds items to the end of the list.
Returns the quoted version of the given string if the given string is not a quoted string.
Extract a writeByte from a cursor.
Throws an illegal state exception with the given error message.
Generate the list of string statements to drop a table and a column from a database type.
Returns true if the queue is locked.
Gets the current time as a long.
Find or create a class from a string.
Reset notes.
Writes a time to a file. The time is written to the file at the specified
Write a character sequence to a file optionally appending if append is true.
Populate the navigation drawer.
Runs the benchmark.
Returns a new byte array containing the values of the given byte array.
Record a call home event.
Calculate the mean value of a slice of a float array.
Constructs a nt - formatted string value for a given date and time.
Select a specific media type.
Paints a border of a component.
Ensures that the internal array has at least the specified capacity.
Attempts to invalidate and unmap a buffer.
Adds the given file to the list of classes and returns the number of added classes.
Is minesh after present?
Compares two objects.
Returns true if the node has at least one child.
Deletes an item from the menu tree.
Counts the number of primitive property names.
Prints a string
Checks whether the given object has the required permissions.
Displays all string defined in string xml.
Create intent from url spans
Generate the parameters.
Write exif bitmap to output stream.
Remove the attribute at the specified index.
Extract the class name from a field signature.
Paint the preview of a given zoom factor.
Starts the camera.
Clears all cached values and categories.
Partitions an array by a chunk.
Updates the ui for the specified window.
Clears the result list of the search result.
Finds all the widget at the specified location in the supplied container.
Print a single symbol.
Create a new cart item with the specified parameters.
Returns the string represented by this assignment s values in a short form.
Updates the border text for the specified string.
Add the classes for the specified field to the specified result set.
Clears the reference list for this thread.
Decode a big integer.
Called when the schema has changed.
Sort the vector by keys.
Parse the specified string into a date time data object.
Add a message to the queue.
Convert dbid string to dbid.
Write a short to the stream.
Prints a long followed by a newline.
Sets the metadata for the service.
Create a compatible writable raster.
create invalid entity response for constraint violation
Check start block.
Load the properties from a URL.
Checks if the answer is suppressed by the specified dns msg.
Creates a new properties object from a map.
Get the first node that matches the query.
Create an array of strings from properties.
Compare locales.
Reads the result of a query.
Adds the specified entry to the list if it is not already present in the list.
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
End a transaction.
Add a border layout with all selected elements to this border layout.
Copy all elements into a new double array.
Change the open property to a new value.
Compute full url.
Loads the manifest.
Convert a list of reference types to a list of raw types.
Adds a column to the table. If the column is null nothing is done.
Reads the data from the specified input stream.
Removes a display from the display list.
Compute the next gaussian.
Sends an event to all registered listeners.
Update the contact header port with the local port.
Returns a new android http client instance with the given user agent.
Adds a new entry to the cache. Returns the entry if the entry is found and
Overridden in order to create a geo feature for each vertex
Test if there are no solutions to the string.
Deletes the given file or logs a warning.
Removes the entry at the specified index from this map.
Adds a member to a group.
Overrides the default logger implementation to provide additional information about the logger.
Increment the value of a bin.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the given error message.
Adds all fields from the specified map to this document.
Checks whether a list of strings contains a specific ignore case.
Computes the mad of the median given an array of values.
Initializes the known plugins.
Stop the process associated with this context.
Sets the property keep alive to true.
Creates a new upload request for the specified file.
Reads a number of bytes from the input buffer and returns it as an array of bytes
Create a multicast socket.
Check selected subset meta data
Validate whether a given object will be copied to the topic
Ber the input stream with a specified initial size.
Returns the next member of the given type.
Write a line suffix to the output stream.
Returns true if this is the system font.
Add url to be loaded.
Adds all values of the given fields to the document.
Creates a person identification for the client.
View the contents of the buffer as a root block. The checker is only valid if the
Create a soap request object.
Obtains a list of operations that are contained in an enum.
Return the uri as a string.
Verifies that two dots are on the same host.
Returns true if file is in target dir
Returns true if the specified character is present in the specified sequence false otherwise.
Remove all elements from the specified collection.
Compares and swaps the specified node at the specified offset.
Creates a new phone field with the specified string value.
get the resource bundle with the bundle name and locale from the resource bundle. If the bundle
Return the remote pools associated with the specified remote copy settings.
Converts a string to HTML.
Adds a lock to the list.
Adds num to f using sine of Gumbel sine sine method.
Reloads model with a new value.
Moves the specified string to the specified uci string.
Create an indexed image for the supplied target component with the supplied width and height.
Display the current state of the state machine.
Writes a string to a writer.
Ensures that the internal array has at least the given number of elements.
Decrement the reference count.
Convert a X500 principal to a X500 name.
Asserts that the described resource is present in the cache.
Returns true if this is a flat version of the given type.
Builds the limited network list.
Evaluates an RPN expression on a string array of tokens.
Adds all the series to the data set.
Display the exit code.
Compares to each word in the given split and returns the number of matches.
Merges this object with another object and returns this object.
Returns the auto tag of the element at the specified stack offset.
Flush pending.
Initializes the configuration view with the default distribution set and polling configuration view.
Set the extended type information.
Validate a new addition.
Start the mock system consumer.
Performs the current operation by undoing the current transaction.
Removes a column from the result set.
Get a string representation with all the elements and load factor information.
Get the next boolean from the output buffer.
Return a scanned result for the given blocklet.
Returns the hash code of this set.
Takes all the elements and tries to balance them according to the supplied schema.
Draw the annotation drawer.
Returns true if the user has partitions.
Inserts a string at the specified index.
Reads a code point.
Put an int value out to the specified byte array position.
Adds a new item with the specified text and a specified font.
Set the tag of this object.
Gets the consumed amount from the left side. If the left side is smaller than the
Adds the specified outer join qualifier to the from clause.
Convert a string to a file array.
Returns the next item from the queue waiting up to the specified wait time or null if the
Add a transaction listener.
Returns the number of patterns in the pattern list.
Writes an int to an output stream
Fails if the string is not the same as the original string.
Adds header to the response.
Store the document.
Appends a pointer to the end of the hierarchy of the given type.
Sorts the elements of the given array of longs.
Converts this object to a string.
Returns the last element of the iterator or null if the iterator has no more elements.
Waits for the specified number of milliseconds.
Returns the index of a given element.
Returns true if the modifiers is package access
Write the stack trace to a file.
Set the window to be managed.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Logs a message if logging is enabled.
This method is used to process updates from the queue of device syncs.
Returns true if the remote can rebalance with the given size false otherwise.
Convert file to sld.
Inserts properties into the template.
Change the font of a component to the specified font style
Draws a contour using the image s contour color.
Save a string to a file
Clears the on central position changed listener.
Returns the result of invoking a method on a class.
Gets the fill below the line.
on patch service result
Finds field by id.
Checks to see if a packet is a stanza.
Execute a command.
Returns true if the specified string needs to be updated.
Clears all beans associated with the given view.
Loads a set of granularities from a map of string keys to a set
Reads the next number of bytes from the stream.
Add a new subscription.
Obtains the path of the given collection of certificates.
Process XML string.
Set the URL of the current topology. If no URL has been set the default URL is
Builds a regular expression that matches the given qualifier value.
Shorten the name of a string to a length of desired.
Calculate a color with a given weight.
Returns the kstkeip field of this record as a long.
Decide whether the UI should be displayed based on the command line options.
Converts an image to a buffered image of the specified type.
Reads an array value.
Returns a list of terminals of the given type that are assignable from the number of
Remove a sensor selection listener.
Writes a character to the output.
Type - test a class loader and a resource.
Register a cache manager with the cache manager.
Makes a java. sql. time from separate ints for the hour minute and second.
Initializes the key store.
Converts image data to platform image bytes.
Remove all markers from a string that match a folder stacking pattern.
Discard a service.
Gets whether the given state is one of the current states.
Generate a string with the specified number of markers for a protein with the specified number of markers
Write a block with the settings as a string.
Returns the hash code of the font.
Checks whether the specified object is the same as this object.
Declares a system identifier.
Write exif.
Starts a new database connection.
new method argument invalid value
Returns a compressed version of the given string.
Loads the map for the given extension and mime type.
Start a new element with the specified name id and system id.
Converts the given string to a timestamp.
Encodes a byte array into a base 64 string.
Prints a double to the underlying output stream.
Returns a string representation of this address including the extended network prefix.
Returns true if the host contains the given string.
Performs operation on a database.
Create a hash code for this request.
Returns a new placeholder instance for the given section number.
Imports a string from the specified trl table.
Read a result file from a file.
Logs an exception and disconnects when the async action is failed.
Returns true if the given identifier is in the blacklist ; false otherwise.
Check if the exception is a comm error.
Returns a boolean indicating whether this object is suitable for sending to the client.
Pushes a new type onto the stack.
Returns short value.
Fire property change event for child objects.
Replaces all occurrences of str with str and returns the new string.
Create database entities for storage policy testing.
Create a pdf for a particular page.
Adds a set of values to a map if the key is non - null and if
Saves the properties file of the boot classloader to the properties file of the org classloader.
Append the current record to the print writer.
Writes a timestamp length to the output stream.
Computes the difference between s1 and s2.
Attempts to append a string to a string by splitting the string by whitespace. If the
Throws an ade usage exception if the file does not exist.
Create a new shape for a check mark.
This method is called when the cache is initialized.
Start tcp.
Cut the selected bean.
Adds a remover to the manager.
Called when an action is performed on the layer.
Adds a new entry to the list. The entry should be enabled.
Ensures that the internal array has at least the number of children.
Set the most sig bits and the least sig bits.
Returns a pretty print of the given number of spaces.
Renders a handler.
Constructs the tsdb string representation.
Registers a new selector.
Fails if the string is not the same as the original string.
Called when a received stream has been received.
Executes a query that returns a list of objects.
Returns the current time in nanos.
Makes a clone of the original mock format.
Sends a sync request to the remote node.
Returns true if the given string is null or an empty string.
Adds the given capability to the set.
Extract the current variables for a given stack trace id and create a new variables map and return
Adds an integer resource element with the specified name and value.
Maps the full width letter to half width.
Asserts that the order of the elements in the given collection equals the order of the elements
Returns true if the given request method has the given response code false otherwise.
Returns the number of pending items in the process.
Adds the specified value.
Returns whether this action should be executed after the specified delay.
Move by word.
Process a message. If the message is a partition message then this method dispatches a message
Create a new volume and remove it from the specified collection.
Shutdown the writer and the alignment data.
Override this method to paint the icon associated with a component.
Moves the image to a position based on the current scale factor and a center point.
Get the list of channels.
Returns true if the file is hidden.
Checks if a scroll view can scroll vertically in the specified direction.
Loads the jar and returns the info object.
Invalidates all the items in the movie list that have been titleable.
Adds a new row to the table.
Create a jar from a string content
Go to specific day.
Returns whether this object contains the given value.
Close a jdbc connection.
Override this method to provide custom details about the option.
Add a color map listener.
Computes the pdist for the given data set.
Appends the given suffix to the given string if it does not end with any of the
Get a JSON representation of all file systems.
Create external process and redirect its output stream to the provided process s output stream.
monitor exist boolean.
Adds a list of query predicates to the node s children.
Creates a new random number of elements and adds them to the end of the list.
Compare the options of the current user with the user s options of the current user.
Attempts to close the given closeable quietly. If the closeable is null the
Pushes an encrypted message to the queue.
Returns a random number in the range [ min max ).
Makes sure that all data has been written to the file.
Adds a psp ge list to the draw queue.
Populate a task list for a group mirror and a volume.
Returns the min - max of the given field from the given iterator.
Return the tip text of the cluster definition object.
Verifies that all the bytes in the string are positive 1.
Starts a fling operation over the given starting point with the given number of velocity.
Add a navigator listener.
Closes the given stream.
Returns the probability of k of a given value f of a given number of tries n and
Create a list of series from a 2D array.
Reads the specified number of bytes from this buffer into the specified array starting at the specified
Print a warning level log message.
Expands the number at the given index according to the given word relation.
Compares two strings to see if they are null.
Runs the clusters.
Determines whether or not the provided directors are used in the allocation.
Stops the server.
Expands the system id to a uri.
Release a message and clear the cache.
Returns true if this builder equals the specified builder ignoring case ; false otherwise.
Convert a UUID to a timestamp.
Add a vm argument to the argument list.
Applies the field f to the log.
Compares to the neg of the number.
Waits for the current activity to have a screenshot.
Unlinks the specified target volumes from the snapshot session.
Reverse the order of the elements in the given list.
Create a local path iterator for the given number of steps.
Reads a line and return it as a string.
Adds a node to the scene.
Returns the url of the documentation page.
Determines if the specified sequences file contains a taxonomy.
Remove a selection listener.
Replaces the type at the given index with the given value.
Displays an entity in the session. If an error occurs while executing the request the model
Delete x from the list and return the maximum node.
Clears all elements from this list.
Called when the progress item is about to be displayed.
Add a new tree node with the given value and its parent to the agent.
Set the week of the date in the default time zone and locale.
Creates a code attribute.
Start writing binary data to file.
Reads a class descriptor from the input stream.
Create a new file. If the file does not exist it will be deleted.
Tests if the string is the same as the one passed in.
Execute update or delete statement from the given list of columns.
Method to set the configuration of this entity to the specified values.
Throws an exception if the given string is empty.
Cancel any un named tasks.
Returns the minimum and maximum values for the given list of double values.
Returns a new criteria object.
Reads and returns the escaped character.
Update query params based on authentication information
Adds spaces around the specified string until it has been fixed. If it has not been
Remove tracking icons.
Add a stream of metric to the metric group.
Returns true if the given point is inside this map false otherwise.
Resolves the protocols for the given class loader.
Returns the inet addresses of the machine.
Get the bitmap s sample size.
Returns true if the given status is in any of the statuses.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Compute the SHA - 256 hash of an array of bytes using the SHA - 256 algorithm.
Adds a channel to the channel map.
Adds the specified element to this set.
Adds a resource to the cache.
Parses a uid range.
Replaces a suffix in a string with a suffix in a string.
Executes a claimed task.
Returns true if the directory does not exist. If it does exist it will be created.
Called when update button is performed.
Converts a class file to a class object.
Returns target iterator.
Computes the size of the composite view to fit the content.
Returns the hash code of the variable name.
Create a map for the string to the index of the object.
Add a document component to the document.
Creates the separator component.
Adds an object to the list.
Adds results from a realm to the results set.
Generates the signature.
Asserts that the first character in the stream is not equal to the second.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Open the file specified in the intent and start the activity. If the file does not exist
Converts a string date to a sql date
Round a float value to a number.
plain text.
Make a copy of this attribute.
Creates a string containing all the api component changes.
Adds a description to the block.
Checks if the file is writable.
Returns the string representation of the object.
Reads information from the stream.
Skips the specified number of bytes.
Adds the specified character to this string.
Get the hash code of this object.
Decomposes a matrix by using the L - decomposition.
Computes the crossings of two cells.
Find by thrift id.
Set the repository name and path.
Adds a property.
Create a new tree for the specified element.
Returns the title of the document as a string.
Returns the number of elements in the map.
Replaces all occurrences of a pattern in a string with a new string.
Checks to see if a coordinate is in a zone.
Return a string associator for the tip.
Converts the specified reader into a sequence of labels.
Returns the default value if the given string is null. If the string is a number format
Register an application.
Put profile boolean.
Prints a single character.
Initialize block views.
Clears all trails with the given id.
Adds a title with the specified value.
Parse a number list.
Returns a directory or file not found exception with the specified error message and the specified entity.
The scramble part of the fixed size array. The number of elements in the array
Parses a sip header.
Convert a color to a srg color.
Record the beginning of the operation.
Returns the specified y - coordinate with the specified angle in degrees.
Returns true if the word is pronounceable.
Adds new endpoints to the end of the list.
Overrides default implementation.
Cache a mem based cache.
Updates the max required and match widths of the contents of this tag to match the supplied
Enable overview mode.
mouse entered event handler.
Fetch a page of collections.
Makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
Adds the given ids to the query.
Stop the monitor.
Normalize url string.
Invoke the method
Commits the local transaction.
Adds an object class to a token. If the object class does not exist it will
Populate area.
Reads a name string from the data stream.
Concatenates this string with the specified character.
Returns the log - odds of the given value.
Signals that the queue is not empty.
Fill this node with nodes from the mary tree.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Add a host to the global blacklist
Adds a node to the tree. Returns true if the node was added false otherwise.
Writes out an object to the given output stream.
Returns the sigma of the given value.
Insert or refresh an entry in the replacement bucket.
Translates the given point using the current transform.
Writes an object to the output stream
Writes the contents of a String to an output writer with a specified number of spaces.
Calculates the relative overlap of two comparable vectors.
Called when the tool item is auto draw.
Load to have at least the given number of bytes. If the requested number of bytes is
z21 message.
Sorts method descriptors based on the method s descriptor array.
Parses a string representation of a list of properties.
Returns true if the class in the current package has the given annotation false otherwise.
Build a tool tip for the given node.
Remove a click listener for an item.
Returns the position that the specified position should be in. If the position is outside of the
Pad a string to the right with a given length.
Returns an array of strings matching the rule names.
Checks if is cache safe.
Writes the contents of the table to the print stream.
Create a new part from an encoded string and an decoded string.
Create the epoch months.
Converts a string descriptor to an internal name.
Registers a bean with the subscription.
Makes sure that the element has the expected value.
Put an object into the map.
A variant of collect that uses the supplied bi consumer to compute the accumulator value and invoke the
Gets a warning about the type of a field from a reflection object.
Registers a builder with the specified company.
Create a copy of a reil graph.
Read all the content - types properties from the properties file and apply the overrides to them.
Reads the contents of the reader into a string using the specified timeout.
Computes the similarity between the two lanes.
Force overflow of the view.
Returns the index of the specified string or - 1 if the string is null.
Generate a string representation of an operand.
Returns a linked list with points from start to end with a specified number of tries and a
Returns the xml version value of a document type.
Merges two coords arrays into a single list.
Prints an int to the output stream flushing the stream at the end.
Copy the text from the current field to the copy field.
Display the current values of the authentication properties.
Builds the description panel.
The client http method.
Specifies the cipher digest and salt length.
Decodes a value into a string.
Extract a set of values from the specified collection using the specified extractor.
Checks if is zte.
Normalize a string to a specified encoding.
Convenient method to skip non - null nodes.
Returns the number of unique items in this set.
Creates a new stack with points and colors at the same time.
Convert a big integer to an unsigned byte array.
Calculates the length of an approximate control point.
Map modifiers to drop action.
Adds an assignment expression to the update clause.
step value boolean.
Helper method to create an array of icon markers.
Checks whether the response has a network connection. If not the listener will be called with
Add a thread for the current thread. If the current thread is not the same as the
Validate dynamic attribute.
Returns true if the given object instance is assignable from the class of the given object instance
Initialize the warrant array.
Adds a command to the menu bar.
Connects to the remote device.
Normal dens function.
Draws a shape.
Tear down the current context.
Loads the groups from the input stream.
Set a lazy property for the given long value.
Creates a list of objects based on the contents of the given node.
Convert a collection of strings to a collection of strings separated by a separator.
Decode a base64 string to a byte array.
Remove all data that is a premove drop.
Clears the bit.
Stop the stop button.
Encode the dn into a DER - encoded byte array.
Make the regression interface dirty.
Returns an array list containing all of the elements in this list.
Removes a connection from the times map.
Returns an enumeration over the options of this option list.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
Converts a hex string to an unsigned long.
Returns the skew standard error of the given size.
Loads the data from the specified list of policy qualifier info.
Runs the script.
Find marker for given class.
Returns a new filterable instance with all the given values removed.
Resets the state of the message.
Removes the item at the specified index.
Save and close entry.
Add a message to a uri
Waits for the specified observable to be available and then prints it with the specified name
Returns a number nice in the specified range.
Copy a header to a string buffer.
Send a metric to the server.
Adds all values matching the supplied predicate to the document.
Finds the url of a resource using the class loader s base resource.
Create a string representation of this object using the specified formatter.
Returns whether or not the specified index is specified.
Read file statistics from a given archive.
Returns inet socket address of current host and port.
Reads from the file.
Returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tag names defined for this tag.
Shutdown the platform and release all resources.
Returns whether or not the given row is currently expanded.
Returns the index of the end label of the specified string.
Adds a listener to the animator.
Set the http method and handler for this request.
Compares two byte arrays for equality.
Draws a single string at the specified location.
Updates the current race to the given list of races. If the current race is
Returns true if the parameter is required.
Send data to receiver
Prints a number to a writer.
Returns a new set from the given map.
Remove the biome for a given type.
Calculates the requirements for a layout iterator.
Writes a long value to the given writer with the specified size.
Creates a ldap based or expression from a filter set.
Sends a blob instruction.
Defines the labels.
Returns a new set that contains all intervals from the given set.
Drops all non - null and non - string arguments until a non - null string is
Adds a node at the topological level.
Prints text to view.
Trim the internal array by removing its contents.
Recursive call to recursively divide an array.
Asserts that all the specified threads are alive.
create a worker manager with the given id
This method is called by the framework once a message is received.
A variant of the insert via method.
Returns true if a buffer with the same number of values exceeded in the incoming bindings exceeded.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Returns the maximum length of the string in the list.
Writes a range of characters.
rounded to the left.
Determine the proxy to use for the given request.
Adds a reference position to the list.
Returns a copy of this array.
Returns true if the thread is running.
Unwrap vcf.
Register a user.
Create a SQL select statement with the specified columns.
Test compliance of a class.
Convert a template sequence model to a string set
Creates a key store for the given input stream using the given password.
Writes the specified location.
Returns the vtable at the given offset in this buffer.
Evaluates the given expression and returns the result as a string.
Converts io. netty. codec. http. http headers in to an armeria
Calculates the ms of the specified audio data.
Initialize the program vector.
Returns true if this engine contains the given alias false otherwise.
Invert the selected relations.
Negates the float value of the string.
Bind key store service.
Draws the connector centers of the current block to the canvas.
Returns true if the given instruction is a branch instruction.
Load the trust manager.
Return true if the current node is outside the document node.
Set the pool of threads.
Invokes a method throwing a runtime exception if the method throws a runtime exception.
Clears the state of this Attribute.
Adds a color to the helper text if it is not already in the helper text colors
Advances to the next minute.
Creates a list of tokens based on an attribute source.
Resolves the class for the given class type.
Make a valid object from the source map. If the source map contains a valid object the
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array or - 1
Adds a synthetic edge to the graph.
Adds a state to this model.
Reads an object from a stream. If the object is not found an exception is thrown
Waits for a key to be found using windows reg enum.
Adds a new task to the tasker.
Generate the image for the specified program
Sorts the values in ascending order.
Reads an object from a byte array
Generate group name.
Asserts that the types in the result set are the same as the types in the expected
Sets the actions associated with this action group.
Adds a new row to the table.
Pushes the term text onto the current term array.
Converts an object to a numeric.
Compare and set head.
Returns a set of all dependency kind of the given node.
Create a new concurrent map with aggressive concurrency.
Returns whether the specified event is allowed to connect to the specified listenee.
Skips all whitespace characters from the specified reader.
Returns an iterator that iterates over the attributes of the result.
Parses the specified string into a map of strings separated by the specified separator.
Returns the priority queue of the specified collection. If the collection does not have a priority queue
Returns the resource id of the current resource.
Override if you want to override the initial configuration.
denormalizes a character sequence.
Saves the current configuration to a file.
Returns whether or not the operation was aborted.
Appends a key - value pair to the end of this map.
Skips the specified number of elements from the input stream.
Test web data.
Prints a boolean to the output stream.
Read and write shared memory.
Closes the database connection.
Add a qualifier to the current version.
Loads a signed16 at the given address.
Convert a byte array to a hex string.
Unregisters a handler.
Create a new dataset with the specified number of samples from the current x to the specified y
Compares two arrays in the same order. The arrays must be of the same length.
Collects the text.
Unproxy an annotation.
Parse a string expression into a list of nodes.
Adds the given section to the list of sections.
Calculates the probability of an element of a logarithm.
Flushes the stream.
Deletes a range of characters from this string.
Add a plotter.
Returns the node with the key at the k key with the given rel &lt ; =
Adds a listener that will be notified when the animation is about a change.
Finds matching impl for offset start in input.
Utility method to perform the action on a string.
Returns true if the specified character sequence contains whitespace.
Decode value to a string.
Perform validation on the given set of data.
Adds a list of values to a string using the function handler for each value.
Gets a list of strings owned by this string.
Perform the function at the given offset of the inputs array and outputs at the given output array
Adds a long parameter to the URL.
Compares two objects using the configured comparator.
Adds action listener to check box.
Calculates the rect for the specified title.
Returns a new g that is the sum of the smaller fields of this g and the larger
Return the content of this template as a string.
Returns the offset of the first non - static field in the class or the class s superclass
Print a warning level log message.
Extract the first index of the array.
Called when an action is performed.
Attempts to unwrap the host and port to a length - prefixed String. Throws an
upgrade a server instance
Returns new instance of class t. Throws illegal access exception if it fails.
Pops the top of the stack and returns the number of arguments of the given type.
Create a new msrs session originating from the contact manager.
Create a new post configuration.
Draw the specified mark at the specified location with the specified color.
Fire the resize event for the component.
Converts a block of bytes to a hex string.
Change the label value of an object in abstract storage.
Writes an array of bytes to the compressed output stream.
Update the listener s current angle if the specified point has been changed.
Wraps the current thread but does not throw away any results.
Override method used to position horizontal child view along the axis.
Wraps the http request in a servlet request.
Converts xval to panel x.
Forwards a request to the server.
Returns the primary key columns for the given prepared statement.
Reads a long from the input stream.
Generate a token for the index of the leaf by removing the token from the leaf s text
Adds a new record to the csv file.
Enqueues the message for sending.
Waits for a match to complete.
Joins each character in an array into a single string using the given separator as the separator
Returns the object binding for the given key.
Start the compute program section.
Checks if task completed success or failure from response.
Moves the current position to the center of the given list of integer values. The new
Appends text to the body.
Restore the position of the currently selected instance.
Sets the hour of the specified day.
Remove the last instance from the list and set the undo instance to null.
Determines whether or not the application is connected to the network.
Flushes and closes the output stream.
Returns true if the underlying store is empty.
Read xml document from a file and process it.
Extract music id string.
Asserts that the scope of the current thread is the same as the scope of the current
Builds method parameters.
Returns true if this set contains the specified cell.
Create a simplex noise generator.
Returns an array with the values of the specified array.
Process a list of lines and add them to the current file.
Initializes the lookup map.
Returns the string followed by this string.
Reads the data from the given input stream.
Adjust the indentation level by a given amount.
Returns the current capacity.
Generate code string.
Generate a random string.
Performs a test of where the root of the index is not null and that the index
Search the iterable for a file with the given rel.
Returns true if a critical extension is present false otherwise.
Returns a string representation of the specified value and append it to the specified buffer.
Loads the configuration from jvm parameters.
soft signin boolean.
Demonstrates how to delete a view from the cache.
Formats a string with the given number of units approximposed by the given string builder
Create a new element in the document with the specified tag and namespace URI.
Modify a file.
Calculates the size of the population based on the size of the initial population and the
Test list options.
Calculate the ll of the specified location.
Notifies the view that its size has changed.
Remove a turntable.
Appends a rule to the end of the current element.
Converts an image into a matrix.
Returns a file system - specific version of this object.
Return the number of scheduled tasks in the queue.
Add a component with the specified title and general name.
Destroys all scene objects associated with this scene object.
Add a limited mitre point along a line along a given distance.
Returns a packed version of the given byte array where each byte is a base64 encoded byte
returns a string with the same scale but the same result. The result is returned if the
Returns the limit of the duration of the lease. If the lease is any or more than
Converts a cookie path to a cookie path.
Returns a string representation of the given double using the default format.
Returns the category item label generator.
Returns a long id of the specified snmp object.
Add an attribute to the cache.
Reads the next policy from the stream.
Inject information into volume information container.
Detaches a fresh view from the pool.
Loads the file with the specified loaders.
Attempts to open an input stream and mark it as gzip. If the stream is already
Returns the hash code of the location or num if the location is null.
Queries a range of ip address for a specified prefix length.
Create a subject for the given user.
Expands the vector at the specified index to be equal to the specified value.
Do normal command line list.
Load image for hex view.
triangulate a set of points
Encode data to base64 url.
Write the specified field spec into the specified document element parent element.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Read the input source and parse it with the base uri.
Exclude destination string.
Utility method to add escapes to a string.
Adds a file to the list of files for the given string.
Inserts a list of items into the table at the specified row index.
Add a collection of integer values.
Returns a buffer that contains the major version number.
Create an index request source.
Sign a digest.
Sets the modified since time of the request.
Delete temporary file and return current path.
Returns a new instance of the given class with the given number of elements.
Play a collection of items together.
Prints an error message for the given exception.
This method will request statistics from the server and return the result as a string.
Performs L1 regularization.
Called when a key is pressed.
Returns the URL of the given URL encoding or null if an exception occurs.
Create a copy of the participants of a sharable element.
Determines the preference vector for the specified neighbor.
Paint the arrow in disabled state.
Flips the bit inside the number. The result is that the sign and the number are
On user.
Returns true if the event has the next log entry.
Extracts an Xmp header from an input stream.
Initializes a validator for the specified client.
cross over the other representation
Resets the state of the engine.
Adds a perspective to the user s context.
Calculates the phred of the given error.
Returns a string representation of this class descriptor.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Attempts to parse the next token of the expected type and throw a simple parser exception if
Update records in the table with 3 values. The number of records must match the number of
Add null to the prepared statement and close the statement.
Gets whether the given type is assignable from the given type.
Insert a demand into the database.
Get info values from the buffer.
Handles a maintenance operation.
Waits for an event and updates the clock.
Returns true if the specified string is a post - processing version of the specified bytecode version.
Adds a mapping to the index.
Tries to find a file in the given path and returns a stream that contains the contents
This method is called when the cache is initialized.
Add listener for circular progress view events.
Called by a thread to check if the thread is ready for execution.
Render one glyph at a time.
Resets all variables to their original values.
Release a temp app context and release it to the thread group.
Delete all tables.
Finds one category by its id.
Marks a session token as removed for a particular site.
Set the current request and set the origin.
Computes the alpha value of the specified amount within the specified range.
Converts a unix time to a file time in seconds.
Encrypt a string using the specified secret keys.
Removes the address entity from the addresses list.
Adjust the width and height of the dialog to match the supplied size.
Report an end element event.
check if migrate from product home is valid if not throw install exception
Gets a spanned array with all of the text in history.
Format the given message with the given arguments.
Set the properties of the element with the same name as the takes priority.
Create a new file with the given path and folder name. If the folder does not exist
Compute the matrix after the specified rotation axis.
Takes a string title and a string body and creates a character sequence which spanes inclusive
Adds a new protocol if it does not already exist in the set.
Returns a string representation of this class.
Adds an object to the table.
Load configuration from a resource.
Log a message.
Draws a chart along the vertical axis.
Helper method to construct a key.
Returns the number of hits for the specified query.
Returns true if the expression is true.
Adds a header to the response.
Returns an optional future that contains the maximum value matching the given comparator for the current value.
Prints a single character followed by a newline.
Assert that the record is correct. If it is not an empty record will be written.
Commits the working and intervals.
Performs an update on the test database. See the format of the update for details.
Extract the indent of a string.
Gets the full path.
Adds a string to the list if it matches the pattern.
Divides the whole number by the nearest whole number down to the nearest whole number.
Converts a string to its encoded form using the specified encoding.
Method called when the slide event is triggered. If the slide is up the number of items
Adds the given drawer items to the drawer builder.
Returns whether or not the current thread is a debugging finest.
Resets the namespace list to its initial state.
Returns the sine of the specified angle.
Extract data from stego file.
Makes a session id from a prototype object.
Create a cardinal spline with the specified points.
Returns true if this region matches the given string.
Compares two comparable objects.
Check root by super user.
Adds an expression to the expression list.
Synchronizes the result of the given callable with the next element of the iterator. If the
Finds a component by its name.
Determine if the class represented by the given template is a fingerprint of the class represented by
Writes a float field.
Extract column keys from a line.
Draws a polygon.
Converts a list of dictionary values into a list of bytes.
Returns an object instance of the class with the specified name.
Generate a derived key.
Perform the test system run finalization on the queue. It returns even if queue is non
Show the view with the specified options. If debug logging is enabled the view will be displayed
Computes the width of the given string using the given font metrics.
A sanity check for accessibility event.
Called when an action is performed.
Converts local date to string.
create new data source metadata
Create an e field with the specified value.
Do a lookup for a given server url serial no and password.
Adds a change listener to this model.
Set node data.
Set the number of rows and columns of a cell.
Add a new xml element with the given tag name.
Converts a string to a number format.
Returns true if the given interval is the same as this interval.
Get the url with the str relative to the url with the relative string if the str starts
Start the job.
Adds an index entry to the journal.
Close the file.
Parses the first consonant.
Invoke the panel.
Compile a string and return the result.
Returns true if the thread was interrupted.
Returns a list of cl objects for which the specified platform is available.
Adds a dependency that this helper depends on.
Returns true if the given object is a date.
Convert config to xml string.
Builds the quadrilateral.
Instantiates a new heap with a given number of elements starting at the current node.
Inserts a character into the tree.
Unlock the take and put lock.
Returns true if the given filename contains any of the given extensions false otherwise.
Writes out a constant pool entry.
initialize a set of properties
Add network listener.
Append a prefix to a url
Add error listener.
Validate class name and throw property value exception if not match.
Import base types.
Obtain a new matrix object from a previously read matrix.
Performs a file system operation.
Set the error code and message.
Initialize the document dialog with a specific kse.
Compute virtual machine.
Normalizes a number with its normalized length.
Skip to the specified index.
Remove an organization configuration.
Removes a listener from the group.
Set a matcher for a given string source string task name and partition number.
Extracts the key for the given name.
Calculate the spacing between two points.
Transform string map.
Create a new component manager with the given general seeds.
Deletes all observers.
Converts a byte array to a synchronized byte array.
Calculates a general encryption key.
Captures the entity and logs it.
Unzips a byte array to a byte array.
Inserts an item into a combo box.
Pause the object and wait for it to become available.
Checks if the given string contains an error in the output string.
Converts a number to string.
Create a map from a string to a string.
Returns an unmodifiable set that contains the key in this map.
Starts the streamer.
Used by the imp method to set the stack of transactions and the timeout to the same value
Runs a native runner.
Returns a string representation of the indenting for the given height.
Reduces the specified calendar to the specified number.
Surround the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
check if a coordinate is not in list
Returns a string with the specified length filled with the supplied char at the end. If the
Schedule a session to be idle or cache depending on the pool s settings.
Decrypt a byte array.
Prints information about the operating system and the available memory.
Append the current value to the output. If the current value is not empty an empty array
Returns the hash of the input string. If the input is null or empty the method returns
Generate transport zone native guid.
Add a servlet with name and jsp file.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Generate a debug message with a throwable
Remove a listener from the list of listeners.
Create a new execution system
Returns true if the type is a command
Sends a report to the server.
Returns true if the specified string starts with one of the specified prefixes.
Test ordered by data type.
Send mouse click event to all registered listeners.
Format sql values string.
Paint the top edge of a rectangle.
Analyze all the results and write the results to the output file.
Execute a INSERT UPDATE or DELETE SQL statement to retrieve the number of rows matching the criteria.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Make an entry from a list of strings.
Clear the current highlight objects in the text area.
Reads a short from the stream.
Formats an integer into a string buffer starting at the specified offset.
Append a single character to the end of the buffer.
Checks if the security entity has a permission.
Returns true if this is an annotation.
Checks whether this basic block is equivalent to the given exception handler.
Calculates the checksum.
Returns a boolean indicating the label of the state machine.
Constructs a secret block from the collision data starting at the specified position.
Install normal intent.
Create insert list.
Generate the metadata for the outline object.
Returns the length of a run of length k.
Converts a stream to a byte array. If the stream is closed an io exception is
Sets the global constraint for the given parameters.
Infers the provided string as a list of strings.
Computes a revocation hash using the seed hash derivation for the given target array
Loads the class from the specified class loader.
Determines whether the given resource has been modified since the last time it was read.
Flips the contents of the image.
Loads a string value.
Return all namespaces of the given soap element.
draw a new hook on the canvas
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Called when an action button is pressed.
Flushes a ptp file.
Resets the display cache and id.
Copies all files from the source directory to the dest directory.
Rebuild the journal.
Record data to file.
Loads the rewrites of a string into a list of commands.
Overrides the default implementation to return a vector of options.
On close read.
Send http request.
Makes sure that the string is a negative number.
Converts a double value into a string using the specified format.
Removes positions from the collection.
Resets the shape of the image to match the bounds of the current image.
Attempt to get the colour value for the given string part
Returns the rank of the matrix.
Execute a random modifiable variable.
Save string content to file.
delete old temp file
Flushes the state of the cache.
Create an image from raw data.
Stops the specified object from being displayed. If the object is not currently displayed this will
Set the event topic for a given event id.
Returns a match result of this pattern.
Create a constraint for a project and a repository.
Decode a string
Create a copy of the original extent to the target extent.
Obtain the class for the current class loader.
helper method to create a path with the specified style and offset
Convert a color to an angle in radians.
Checks if the token is of an old size and if so returns the new size.
Adds a parameter to the query component.
Creates a link to an image.
Sets the qualifier and the owner for the namespace.
Decrement and get.
Update the current color with a new color.
Clear the js array.
Acquires and removes a lock on this queue.
Delete all the files in this directory.
Update the podcast publication date and the last media url.
Remove our UI objects from our defaults.
Make this object immutable.
Returns a k - nearest neighbor of the specified data database with the specified distance query and k
Returns a new set that contains all positions except the given position adjust by.
Adds a string to a string builder.
Create an available migration for the given version.
Emit a comment.
Draws the specified image using the specified affine transform and observer for the current thread.
Display event.
Selects all rows from the table.
Adds a raw string value.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Reads an unsigned int.
Returns a list of ros for the given address type and address.
Adds a listener for a pause event.
Make this attribute immutable.
Adds a component to the list.
Opens a URL for a given URI.
Invalidates the current line of the text area
Create a banded raster from a point.
Initialize with the values from the other uri.
Unlinks the non - null last node.
Checks if the notification listener client has been registered for the given type of notification.
Reads the output of a process.
Fill the header and the footer with the given data model.
Adds an operand at the end of the operands list.
Calculates the total collected by a given account head exception.
Skips the given number of bytes.
Remove all the blocks from the registry.
escape a string for use in URL encoding
Copies the content of the specified reader into this reader with the specified encoding.
Clear the dictionary cache.
Converts an array of objects to a string with a given size.
Rename a file.
Execute the specified command in a future.
Returns an enum set containing the names of the specified kind.
Returns the number of bytes in this string.
Create a digest response string from a map of string to string.
Populate combos.
Find encoding for given media type.
Convert a buffered image to an actual image.
Returns the start time in milliseconds.
Move to the next view.
Returns true if the given string is a positive number.
Simulates a method.
Add a method to the cache.
Set the bit to the top of the input number. The number must be positive.
Utility method to destroy all beans.
Closes the output stream.
Returns the node at the given index or null if the index is out of the list.
Gets the width of the specified character to be visible in the current context.
Throws an ade usage exception if the given file does not exist.
Create a new gts stream with the given base timestamp.
Converts an array of coordinate objects to a string.
Extracts the weights of the synapses based on their strength.
Flushes the connection and closes the underlying connection.
Returns true if the set contains the given hashes false otherwise.
Ensure that the internal byte buffer is at least as large as the given additional data.
Returns true if the given phone number is a valid region code.
Trim off the end of a URL.
Get the next classification from the iterator.
Add alpha to a color.
Stops the server.
Copy the operand array into the local state.
Attempts to read a response from the server.
Adds the element at the end of the queue. If the queue is full the call
Returns the translatable of this component.
Add a part at the specified index.
Inserts a string at the specified index.
Indicates whether or not the specified nature is equal to this node s nature and the specified
Dumps the current state of the manager as a string.
Opens the channel. The channel is closed after calling this method.
Returns optional if source value is not assignable to target. Returns empty if source value is
Advances the specified time tree up to the specified panel.
Update map.
Send the request option to the server.
Performs comparison with the configured properties.
add the i - th delete to the array f
Returns the maximum of the two numbers.
Adds an image container to the container manager.
Overrides the default implementation to write the approximation of the object to an output stream.
Add a method to the chain.
Returns the current thread for the request.
Creates a hash from the given password.
Schedules a particular length of text to be selected.
Returns the hash code of this double value.
Disconnects a message from the AWS topic. If the number of offline messages is greater than
Checks if is digital unix.
Disconnects from the server and kills the client.
Returns true if this name ends with the specified name.
Calculates the total height of a star.
Returns true if the given string is a regular expression ; false otherwise.
Returns true if the handler has already been specialized for intents false otherwise.
Flushes the output stream.
Attach the footer text to the given string.
Make a sentence from the two given parents. The parents are assumed to be the same length
Test if the byte array is preserved 1. If it is then the byte array is not
Initializes this object and all its open transactions.
Creates a new histogram that contains the sum of all values in the specified array.
Remove all icons for the specified package and user.
Parses a string into a date time data object.
Add attribute values.
Waits until at least one thread becomes available. The method blocks until at least one
Sets the maximum commit index for the given index.
Finish all the fragments that have been associated with this activity.
Write each key of the array to the JSON stream at the given offset with the given length
Convert hex string to string.
Gets a collection of nodes that match all of the tags in the feature.
Converts a rate to a general unitWorkerpsec.
Gets the next element from the buffer.
Returns whether or not the queue is set.
Converts a double to a string.
Create a new index created event with a test status with bulk data hit.
Validate the given string against the given rule.
Returns the url of the specified owner.
Returns a random number from the specified range.
Inserts an event into the queue.
Returns the algorithm parameter spec.
Returns true if the given character is a token.
Draw the line and points.
Add a new element type with the given name model and member of flags.
Returns a log tag for a class.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Returns a uri with the scheme specific part replaced.
Override this method to paint the ppc with the current graphics context.
Convert the game object to a byte array.
Add a import to this class.
Draw the head arrow.
Initializes the class loader.
Unmarshals the parameters of a method.
get all exception data from service
Create a resource name with the given locale.
Converts an array of objects to a displayable string.
Draws an icon at the specified location.
Performs a query on the server for the given string and returns the number of bytes that
Resets the runtime properties to its initial values.
Convert an image to a buffered image.
Returns whether or not the operation has been cancelled.
Removes the given edge from the graph.
Event generatable.
Add a message to the queue.
Adds a query date to the builder.
Returns true if the specified touch point is within the specified threshold range.
Delete all files of the given base uri.
Returns true if this object can be collided with the specified object.
Updates the statistics with the given duration and the given time unit.
Submits a new task to the specified queue.
Create a new executor with the default priority.
Dumps the current state of the audio into the specified writer.
Adds a field buffered with the specified editor.
Adds an incomplete expansion room for the supplied shape tile p layer and shape contained in the
Computes the magnitude of an ellipsoid given a model and a data point.
Trim all non - null and non - empty characters from a string.
Validate vts.
Calculates the next trace
Send object to byte buffer.
Writes bytes to the channel.
Create a new sensor.
Returns the maximum of the two specified distances.
Fill a polygon with a color and a translucency.
Write exif stream to specified output stream.
Create a string from the given bits and append it to the given string builder.
Move to current day.
Converts an IP address to an IP address.
Returns true if the provided template is a valid template.
Takes an object from the head of this queue throwing an unsupported operation exception if the queue
Calculate the CDF of the given data point.
Destroys the socket and removes it from the port map.
Emit a pattern character at the current atom and return the index of the next atom.
Creates a new user with a given function and an input stream.
Returns true if the network is connected false otherwise.
Called when a tab is closing.
Adds a new collection with the specified name supported auth scheme and level to this collection.
Close a server.
Replaces all the edges which are in the collapsed state with the current one.
Set the current car position to the given fraction.
Create a new Sea glass title pane.
Returns the content of all items as a string.
Writes a long value to the stream.
Expands all the items in the given iterable to a list of strings.
Returns a charset for the specified charset name.
Sets the value of an integer property.
Dumps a message with a stack trace element array.
Execute query.
Cache the name of a class by replacing the start char with the target class name char.
Overrides super class to check if the feature is set.
map library name to native string
Returns the next matcher in the stream or null if there are no matches.
Used only by the fragment loader thread
Adds a field declaration to the class.
Generate a list of items for the specified font subrs.
Checks whether this pattern matches a given string.
Initialize the gl context.
Clears the current state of the views.
Convenience method to request parameters from a request body.
Reads a number of characters from the document into a specified array starting at the specified offset
Returns the lenient of the specified string.
Recursively merge the children of a tree node.
Negate the negative of a string.
Create a new instance of the given type and bind it with the parameter access parameters.
Sets up the panel with the specified experiment.
Adds a listener at the end of the list.
Process the command line arguments.
Make sure that the specified virtual array is discovered.
Initialize xml element.
Returns true if the parameter has the given name.
Return true if this sequence starts with the given prefix.
Returns true if the given window is present.
Fire a property change event.
Fade this transition to the layer at the specified index.
Returns a hash code for a given field.
Convert a surface object to a surface object.
Construct a soot method from a string.
Called at startup of server.
Find the start of a column.
Decodes a color from its string representation.
Create a list of modules required for a given source type and target type.
Get the distance between this vector and another.
Calculates the elapsed time of all GC beans.
Closes this session.
Returns the number of elements in the source list that are not present in the entry list.
Starts an object with the specified number of fields.
Sends events to Kafka.
Create a string of the given character and the given number of characters.
Obtain the view of the connection and wait for it to become available.
Trims all non - space characters from the supplied text and adds them to the supplied span
Add script finished listener.
Called when the reads have finished.
Fills the buffer with the contents of a byte array.
Concatenates all the elements of the given arrays into a new array.
Ensure that the internal array has at least the given capacity.
Adds a value to the stats.
Add a continuation element for the specified session number.
Returns the angle in degrees between the center and the target point.
Returns the number of times the specified sequence contains the specified character.
The CRL is the specified number of bytes. If more than the requested number of bytes are
Logs a message with a verbose level.
Returns the log probability of a given element
Sets the tolerance for the process.
Called when the drag drop has been completed.
Writes a log to the table.
Insert an entry into the dynamic table at the specified index.
Extract the secret access key from a s3 uri.
Calculates the call for the specified contact. If the contact does not match the call
Add a class to the set of safe classes.
Returns true if the active list has more than the maximum number of downloads.
Checks if the server is running.
Parses the given resource and returns a map of step objects.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Takes a snapshot of the current properties and writes the snapshot result to a temp file.
check if ip address match rows
Return the power of the given value.
Returns the class to entry path for the given class.
Writes a string.
Create a mapping from the types in the given package to the annotation mirrors.
Get the osm element way from the storage.
Marks this cursor as being updated.
Checks if an event is the middle mouse button.
Add a success message
Checks to see if the clock is in stopped state. If it is then the changed
Close the input stream.
Returns the next log segment sequence number from the given list of segments.
Throws an exception if the given string is not a specific language.
Get a random value based on the fuse time and the current fuse time.
Returns true if the reader lock has queued threads.
Returns the amount of milliseconds since the last invocation.
Convenient method to throw an error if the condition is not met.
Adds a new cos definition.
Create a source data quality object from an XML element.
Returns the q - object for the specified output class. If the output class is not present
Generate a jwt with the given parameters.
Export a list of symbols.
Returns true if the given item is fulfilling the given number false otherwise.
Add data source listener.
Find the effective annotation in the qualifier hierarchy.
Count the number of failed listeners and notify all listeners.
Read a number of bytes from the input stream.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Finishes the parsing by getting the current group s children.
Cancels included only.
Returns a list of all the entries in the list except the ones that are dead.
Create error dialog.
Check index header for expected string.
Adds a tag to the stack.
Returns a string representing the contents of a disk.
Returns true if the specified object is trusted.
Creates a new search object with the specified search parameters.
Create synapses and add them to the connect list. The order of the synaps
Multiply two characters together. The result will be a number.
Normalize a char sequence.
Adds a zone change listener.
Write a byte to the blob.
Set the resource for the listener.
Returns a flat list of the values in this matrix.
Resets the scheduling context.
Computes a hash key for a given key for disk.
Record a timestamp.
Wait for the thread to down and throw an exception. If the thread was interrupted while waiting
Parses the given string and stores the result in this buffer.
Returns the maximum radius of the bond.
Returns a copy of this buffer as a char array.
Returns the number of pending workers.
Inserts the specified component at the specified index.
Returns a list of strings with the given escape characters and the split character at the specified index
Add a string to the URL.
Economy concurrent hash map.
Add a new rule to the tree.
Appends data to the builder.
Return true if the input result contains the latest dss keystore.
Initialize the resource bundle with the given resource bundle name.
Make the graphics context for the layer that this graphics context supports.
Returns true if this pattern matches the given naming pattern.
remember a factory for a host.
Returns the next character in the stream.
Removes the first entry in the map.
Sets the status of the task associated with the given exception.
Normalize src [ start index limit ). mode is mode. mode. dest [ start index
Remove a number of elements from the given list.
Removes an action from the action list.
Returns the error distance between the specified quad for the specified number of segs.
Return the next pair of strings and their quality values.
Adds a character to this model.
Returns true ifd is a valid ifd id
Remove the child of the given group.
Check if port exists in db.
Appends a split to the end of the list.
Attach a consumer to a osm element
Closes the output stream.
Returns the direct connection object associated with this respoke instance.
Appends a national number to a new string.
Cut the selected objects.
Stop led service and release all resources.
Releases the resources held by this shared object.
Configure the prefix to use in the command line.
Writes a transform to the page stream.
Tests if the string is positive.
Prepend a painter to the end of the chain.
Parses a string and returns the operator. kind
Copy object to specified destination object with specified number of steps.
Adds a single sync entry to the queue.
Removes the series at the specified index.
Adds a glue line to the axis b with the specified layout.
Writes the result to a file.
This method is for internal use only.
Writes the blocklet info to the file.
Generate a string representation of a tree.
Replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with a replacement string.
Returns true if this string equals the specified string.
Adjust the content of the file based on the length of the data in the buffer.
Create an ordered collection of all the dsn nets in the given collection.
Create a js method invocation expression.
Perform an action double click on the element
Returns a new graph node serializable object.
Drop tables.
Creates a new disk segment for the given segment descriptor.
Checks if a given email is one of the people in this group.
Returns the maximum of the two numbers ignoring the NaN values.
Bump a block down to its index
Remove reference to connection.
Returns true if this pattern matches a word.
Get a random state.
Generate the class definition.
Add a view id to the base view holder when the item is clicked.
Remove a creature from the world.
Generate a photo from an extended exif and a file.
Converts an array of bytes to a long.
Reads next character from input and returns result as unicode code.
Called when a mouse button is entered.
Returns a new string with the formatting removed.
Verify that the first word is not equal to the second word.
Prints the charging times.
Returns true if the address is empty.
Write the most recent data to csv file.
Create a new service configuration for the specified organization.
Delete authentication domain parameter.
Adds source code for a given element.
Performs a before modify of an action.
Saves document entity in asynchronous mode.
Returns true iff this stream is supported by the underlying stream.
Resolves the name of the given parent relation with the given child object.
Adds a column to the table.
Convert an SQL SELECT statement to a rel node.
Execute a string script with a context object.
Constructs a document builder with the specified settings.
Returns a string representation of the specified sample rate.
Returns whether or not the context is closed.
Start the worker thread.
Defines a class with the given name and base class.
Escapes an array of bytes.
Returns the name of this device as a native string.
Convert host document to string.
Returns a mongo client for the given seed addresses.
cast a string to a boolean value
Returns true if there are more work.
Set the seed of the engine.
Generates the class file.
Use compact font format if compatibility level is greater than 4. If compatibility level is greater than
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Takes a feature and replaces it with a new string.
Calculates the height of the specified string if possible.
Checks to see if the thread is being shutdown and throws an exception if it is.
Remove all non - blocked tasks from the queue and execute them.
Get the short value of a variable on the stack.
Fires a property change event for boolean properties.
Remove all the markers from the list
Captures a string.
Converts a long value to a localized string.
test the client handshake
Runs the test.
Checks that the given frame value is valid and adds it to the set of used labels
Creates a template for the given string value.
Determines whether a custom area should take focus.
Initializes the signature with the given key.
Selects zones for the specified network for the specified initiators and ports.
Checks if the filename is one of the given extensions.
write jar post resource xml element
Closes the current file.
Sets the typed event listener.
Returns a list containing the child nodes of the given node.
Returns the job context for the given string.
Returns an info value for an array of integers.
Add a method to this class.
Add a replication factor to an operation.
Displays an initiallash frame based on the URL of the chosen image. If no image
Decode line suffix.
Add a transaction to the server.
Calculate the spacing between two points.
Returns true if the given soot method is contained in the polynomial.
Do the jk operation with the given parameters.
select attribute set
Make sure the file exists. If it doesn t open it will open the file and write
Run the unit tests to see if they are the same.
Prints an object to the standard output.
Stops the current thread and removes it from the pool.
Reads a number of bytes from the input stream into the buffer.
Create a graph file from xml meta.
Close output stream.
Add a property change listener to the bean context.
Returns true if the entry has expired.
Load the user info into action bar.
Returns the direction of the given key for an event.
Adds spans to the trace.
Returns true if the node is in a persistent state.
Makes a date from separate Strings for month day year hour minute and second.
Schedules a failed task for the given task id.
Find config in working directory.
Adds a word to the current line.
Called when preference is clicked to play example.
Read authentication header.
Returns the string value for the given boolean value.
This test sends text message to the producer. The producer must be set before calling this method
Adds a string to the query.
Converts a uri to a string using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the key exists.
Sets the allocation for this site.
Draws an image.
Returns the number of times the specified character was found in the digit array starting at the specified
Samples the current activity.
Starts a great circle at the specified location with the specified angle.
Initializes the preference checkbox.
Paint the check icon enabled and selected.
Find the index of a character in a uri string.
Write log.
Reload the full photo.
Set name type record class and TTL.
Block a stream of strings.
add content spec node to current element
Increases the number of objects in the spine array by the load factor.
Attempts to reconnect to the current port.
Returns an unmodifiable collection of the records in this port collection.
Converts the buffer to a string.
Returns true if the specified variable has a change event with the specified name.
Resets all the elements in the xml to their original state.
Returns the distance from this circle to the other circle.
Creates a new command with the specified name and arguments.
Grows the size of the system by a given amount.
Converts a string table to lower case.
Create a mouse plugin with a set of modifiers.
Performs a breadth first search for the first value of the supplied iterator starting from the
Set the current object for the given view and type. The type will be used if the
Report wrong number of arguments.
Send a UDP announcement to the locator with the specified groups.
set the attributes of this drawing
Closes the scanner.
create a new policy tree
Remove snapshot from storage.
Convert string to time seconds.
Detaches an activity from the attr view maps.
Read prefs.
Add a runnable to the active list
add expr to tlacode
Returns true if the given string is upper case camel case.
Adds type information for a string.
Returns true if this object provides an identifier.
Remove redundant affix.
Get next random int
Do resume updates.
Stores the last use time in use by the number of milliseconds since the last use time
Returns true if the element at the given index can contain the element at the given top index
Extract arc array from an object id.
Performs a test for whether the string is a duplicate.
Update stats for a conditional density classifier
Returns true if the file should be included.
Performs the test case for the PDB implementation of the PDB implementation by comparing the
Returns a connection from the queue or creates a new one if necessary.
Increments the access count.
Compares two doubles.
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Configures the parser with the number of tags and the string representation of the coercive
Get the log of a number of a base
BFG1 u.
Sets the title description and extensions for the file descriptor.
Reads the next N bytes of data from the stream.
Adds a run to the list of runs.
Copy the i - th converter into the system converter array.
Adds a new output sensor with a specific state.
Initialize the socket with a new read buffer.
Resets the iterator so it can be used again.
If the element is present the consumer will be called with the value otherwise the consumer will be
Send intensity data to the last output step.
Reads a float.
Start a glow scheduler for a given server and world.
Fills the array with the element at the current index. The index must be within the
Calculates the layout for the specified layout size and mode.
Deletes the contents of this directory.
Return boolean value of the given element. If the element is not a variable or the static
Writes characters to the output stream.
Converts the specified string to a human readable string.
Send a message to the remote server.
Converts the value to a lang. string.
Remove a server thread from the running list.
Adds an event handler for the specified node.
Reads source to log.
Delete current license file on disk.
A convenience method to test network parameters.
Runs the thread.
Reads data from a stream.
Calculates the bounds of this view for the specified view and updates the internal bounds accordingly
set the title of the dialog
Create a new directory with given parent path and folder name.
Returns true if the current operating system is windows8.
Finds all unused functions in the given set.
Adds items to a list.
Returns an unmodifiable view of the no proxy.
Adds a list of strings to the linker. Adds a list of strings to the
Adds a new observation to the data set.
Applies a variant to a VCF record.
Reads len bytes into the given byte array starting at the given offset.
Adds a ldif block to this sequence.
Update the preson info.
Remove the item at the specified position.
Display licenses and ask the user to select a license.
Adds a geo key to the index.
Detects a geo time serie in a specified window.
Generate a debug dump of the candidates.
Write boolean array as xml.
Adds a rule to the outbound list.
Set the username and password for this request.
Stop the drag operation.
Adds the specified flags to the current layout.
Return the alias from the certificate store if it is in the store otherwise return null.
Purges specified article from db.
reclaim views from layout
Set the remote method control and the proxy id for the txn manager.
Translates this object to the specified graphics context.
Append the value to the current line before the key.
This method is used to transfer data from one stream to another.
Fails if the directory does not exist in properties file.
Adds two long values and throws a runtime exception if overflow occurs.
Compact a single RDF node.
Adds a checkbox to the container.
Push the current state onto the stack.
Drop an index on a table.
Returns the element at the current position in the queue or null if the queue is empty.
Add a processor to the pipeline.
Adds data to the script at the given index.
Initializes the object based on the config params.
Deletes the least used entry.
Converts a number to a name that is less than one another.
Returns true if the given URI is an embedded base64 image.
Change the internal state of the device.
Returns the number of occurrences of the given link label.
Reads file as string.
Called when a runtime exception occurs.
Check access of the device.
Close all open resources and save the file.
Returns the index of the operator.
Convert a string to a list of strings.
Convert boolean arr to string.
Decode a string into a byte buffer.
Clear the list of buttons and remove all previous buttons.
Calculates the brighter of a given color.
Shuts down the network.
Sets a message field with the binary representation of the given byte array.
Informs the invoker that the read has completed. If the read has already completed then the
Write a single leading zeros to the output stream.
Adds an item to the force array.
Convert a number to a metric value.
Returns whether the given sequence overlaps with the given start and end.
Set the k1 and b
This method prepares the props for processing.
Returns true if the server is configured false otherwise.
Convert a comma delimited list to a string array.
Reads a number of bytes from the file at a specific offset in the file system.
Displays a fatal error as a stack trace and exit status recursively shutting down.
backup file boolean.
Push a pair of values to the stack.
remove storage.
Add config information to container.
only game settings are read
delete a set of users
Return true if the file should be processed.
Removes a region from the set of regions.
Close input stream.
Overrides the start element method to set the request id.
Stop the selector and wait for all to finish.
Sets the storage directory for this resource.
Calculates the width of an item in a plot.
Starts the camera.
Adds a breakpoint listener.
Clears the current image and paints it. If the image is not showing it will
Releases all threads waiting for phase.
Formats a string date time to a date time instance.
Prints the stack trace of the given throwable.
overrides the visitor to look for camel - cases and check for camel - cases
Start a block with a single element.
Returns the po value of a logarithm of the given value.
Returns the first expression found in the source string or null if there is no such expression.
Adds a channel to the channel store.
Delete all files in a directory.
This method pipe input stream to output stream.
Releases a lock on the processing thread and releases the lock to the thread pool.
Returns a new string with the given leading character removed.
Retrieves and removes the next item from the queue waiting if necessary for another thread to become
This method is safe for use by the framework. It is not safe to call this method
Submits an image task for execution.
add a new selection string to attribute list
Create the left over of the current line.
Samples the current value of the action.
Called when a channel is closed.
Configure the head less simulation.
Returns true if the given URI is the next window of the current window.
Checks if a class is visible in the class loader.
Remove event from queue.
Set the xml model and set the attribute schemas.
Returns whether this string is the same as the specified string.
Adds all items of the given array to the given list.
Removes a card toast from the list.
Fails if the vmstat header and data are not in the same order.
Generate a new secret key from the given password with the given salt.
Escapes any assertion value that is not a string.
Removes a view at the specified index.
Checks whether the prefix has already been declared.
Adds an agent to the agent list and prints the stack trace if an exception occurs.
Calculates the physical status of a creature creature and main hand.
Set vertex processor t.
Releases the object to the idle state. If the object is in the idle state
Validate the replica availability.
Throws an unsupported operation exception.
Partition the map to a string.
Convert a char sequence to a stream.
hit the end of the string
Deletes a photo by its cheque id.
Computes the partial correlation coefficient of a given matrix.
Adds a column.
Adds the and get time nanos to the current delegate time with the specified duration.
Checks to see if a given value is valid for saturation.
Returns a string representation of the specified cell with the specified layout constant.
Fire a property change event.
Get the exit code of a process
Returns the underlying channel.
Performs the comparison of two dates in the local time zone to the time zone of the
Create a string from a tag byte array.
This method adds the filters to the chooser
create a windows reg enum value with the given value index and max value length
Converts a string to a time.
The main method to validate a given model.
Adds annotation to page.
Find the preferred id for the provided realm and request parameter.
Checks and creates the directory.
Compares the actual values of the array and invokes the consumer for each of the values.
Rebuilds required cache entries.
Prints a float followed by a newline.
Extract a register from the current register.
Called when the login failure occurs.
Builds an array of interceptors for the given method.
Removes all of the phis that conforms the given instruction.
Count the number of occurrences of the specified token in the target string.
Initialize the coverage map from the list of tests.
Build route interceptors.
Check if the specified string is a valid gml geometry
The main entry point for this class.
Quantile function of Rayleigh distribution
Create a new cipher parameters from the specified pbe key and algorithm parameter spec.
Initializes the builder.
Writes a byte to the buffer at the given offset.
Adds a validation error.
Parses an option setting to a map.
Generate client credentials.
Build the dictionary.
Start the tour.
Run random test.
Adds a listener to the set of listeners.
Clamp value between specified absolute values.
Use the mouse click method to override the rendering info.
Adjusts the bytecode index of the given instruction for the current osr specialization.
Return a string representation of this object.
Interpose a vector into a specified number of elements.
Create a new file with the given prefix under the current directory.
Asynchronously requests auth data for current user.
Create an element in encryption space.
Returns all active views.
Draw loading animation line at x offset to canvas.
Returns true if the proxy settings have been set for this connection.
Returns true if this is the same as the specified default false otherwise.
Parse key and value pair to map.
Set the bounds and paints depending on the size of the view.
Add a new buffer to the internal buffer list.
Create an address from either the origin or host or pattern.
Apply a filter on the current file and assert the same files are the same.
Resets the state of the missile variance of the current tele.
Add padding to an array.
Adds the specified commands and the specified matrix as the commands for the specified pdf page.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Adds the given statement as the last element of the sequence.
Called when the activity state has changed.
Calculateelity of a spot.
Convert http entity to byte array.
Finds by uuid and order by comparator.
Round decimal to nearest integer.
This method is called when the runner instance is created. It is only called when the runner
Checks if is windows me.
Convert a date to a string.
Returns the component size of the specified form spec and cell size.
Return whether or not the given AST nodes have the same element type.
Appends data to the given string builder.
Converts a number to a string.
Resets the position of the stream.
Read a single byte from the input stream.
Write char sequence to file.
Return whether or not the requested proxy is enabled.
Compiles the prolog to a source file and deletes the temp file.
Remove all listeners.
Create a new selection input dialog box with an optional validator and initial selection value.
Build the dictionary and store it in a file.
Convert class name to resource path.
Set the scheme specific part and fragment.
Adds a solution to the population and returns its id.
Converts the contents of the buffer to a byte array.
Asynchronously create a disk object.
Return true if the host name ends with the given domain.
Disables the attribute with the given name.
Pushes the given handle onto the top of the stack.
Encode the request body with the specified parameters and boundary.
Looks up a key by its index.
Writes the index to the output.
Sets the node property of the control.
Decode octets.
Return the array field of the second array element of the first array element of the second.
Calls the registered animators in reverse order.
Start the phone number picker.
Fires a property change event for a vetoable property.
Runs the Mersenne un implementation on the MersenneTwister s
Add sinks to the list of registered sinks.
Send the current user to the entity.
Write an external foreign key statement.
Obtain a lock on the file.
Converts a data object to a data object.
Collects all files from a project and all its sub - directories into a single virtual file
Update the position of the particle based on the elapsed time
Updates the tick labels and positions based on the specified length.
Returns true if the given visual position is within the bounds of the given position.
Asserts that the indices of the statements in the specified triple store are consistent.
Add a specific item id to the map and invalidate the navigation.
Adds a string option. If the value is null the option is removed. If the
Determines the target page.
Returns the string form of the object at the specified index.
Clones this vector.
Converts a string to a regex.
Forces no loss to the specified value.
Splits the given string around matches of the given separator character without escaping.
Waits for each property in the properties list to have the same value. The order
Remove the object at the given offset from the source array.
Create a new dictionary with the given parameters.
Returns whether the tab is associated with a non destroyed activity.
Set the http stream.
Add a file to the list of files to be processed.
Returns true if the string looks like a number.
Adds a point to the hull.
Reads a short.
Prints an inum to the stream.
Creates a new zy proximity node.
Perform the required operation on a db client to create a virtual array.
Sends a reply to this stream.
Adds a cc object to the list of frames.
Scrolls to the top of the tree.
Adds a new message to the list of messages.
Make a random cache entry.
Swaps the current surface with another one. Returns the error status of the swap or the
Returns a list of windows of the given size for the given string.
Builds a path from a json path
Adds the element at the specified index to the specified array.
Returns the current value of this variable as a double.
Converts the matrix to a string.
Returns an input stream for the specified file. The name and absolute path of the file are
Create a new output stream from a file.
Returns a hash set containing all the keys in this map.
Add a new certificate validity.
Add policy listener.
Verifies that the given string is the same as the given code. If the code is
Creates a new script engine from a file.
Find the raw module with the given id.
Extract a type from a list of objects.
Obtains a local date with the proleptic year and day of year.
Attempts to recover an entry from a key store.
Create a new loader with the specified base URL.
Test for min. 0 is equal to 1.
The wiser.
Concatenates an object array into a non - null array.
Moves the camera by a given size
Shuts down the scheduled executor service.
Clears the internal locale builder.
Defines the specified string by replacing any non - null chars in the current string with the
Returns the split index for the given list.
Displays an error message if the log level is greater than or equal to the number of
Adds a property change listener to the list of listeners.
Removes all files from a directory and all subdirectories.
Computes the minimum version of the given transaction.
Set a single dimensioned scalar value.
Writes a range of characters to the value buffer.
Computes the standard deviation of the given instance with a matrix k.
Initialize with the given properties.
Adds an element to the end of the array.
The multiplex manager will create multiplex instances of the same data store. The data stores
Returns true if the element name matches the pattern.
Gets value or the default value if the value is null.
Compare to last msg.
This method is used to paint the current component of the track.
Converts a string representation of a time to a sql. time object.
Choose a server alias.
Computes the PDF of a given shape and scale
Set the specified value in the specified tab.
Parse the content of the template and return an array of actor instances.
Waits until messages are received from the consumer.
Flush the table to the output stream
Removes the current record.
Return the same token as the passed in leaf.
Writes a packet buffer to this buffer.
Registers a file type with the default associated extensions.
Converts a string representation of a locale to an int.
request a security token response object from an xml string.
Request a new resource.
Filters the collection of items by a given level.
Returns the index of the specified key within the specified inclusive range or the index of the specified
Adds the given symbol to this symbol list.
Helper method to add escapes to a string.
Gets the size of the array.
Converts a base64 string into a long.
Returns the last n values of the data set as a list of local time values.
Returns the authority of the specified page by summing outlink counts.
Completes the current graphics context and closes the graphics context. After this method is called
Gets the list of files in a directory.
Append a character to the text.
Adds an initial object creation page to this wizard.
Unwrap data.
Return whether or not the attribute handle is specified.
Wraps the current security manager to see if it has a joda - time permission
Store password.
Removes the specified child node from this node.
Calculates the value of this string plus zero.
Waits termination of the external process and returns the result.
Recompute the inherited methods of the given expandos.
Sets the canceled state.
Changes the annotation document state of a source document.
Remove edge from the sparse tree.
Called when a key is pressed.
Returns true if this node has at least one descendant that matches the pattern.
Write the contents of the specified buffer to the file.
Generate the resource files for the specified string.
Returns true if the object is aProxy of the class java. util. Proxy.
Calculates the indents for the current image.
Throws an exception if something goes wrong.
Returns true if the two arrays are equal.
Add an annotation to the front of the graph
Adds a frame to the animation.
Print a code point as a string.
Called when the minidump file is deleted.
Close the outbound connection.
Extracts a thumbnail from a bitmap.
Writes the package info to a file.
Return an array of all of the events in this chain.
Decode the input stream using DER encoding.
Process a list of strings with the given namespace.
Returns a deep copy of this results object.
Dumps a given number of hex characters into a string builder.
Called when a special character is pressed.
Returns true if o1 equals o2.
Returns true if the mime type matches the extension map false otherwise.
Skips an iterable of notifications starting from the specified start id.
Writes the specified object to the specified pdx file.
Writes an integer to a byte buffer.
Returns true if the priority queue is empty.
Set the item at the current location.
Paint the bottom edge of a rectangle.
Emit a list add.
Create a key from pem string.
Create a parallel publisher from a source.
Moves to the next record.
Adds a var to the queue.
Returns a canonical version of the given url.
Reads a string from a file.
Calculates the animation duration based on the initial velocity and the distance between the initial and
Computes the Euclidean norm of the vector v.
Calculate the height of the image.
Adds a byte to the buffer.
Returns the mean of the vector.
Sets the current position of the specified sprite to the specified position.
Close the output stream.
Create a new sync token for the given date and uuid.
Returns true if object a is null and object b is not null.
Initialize flagz object.
Close input stream without throwing exception
Performs a set of tests for a random condition.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified old character with the specified new string.
new form string
Returns the canonical version of the declaration.
Open other uri.
Waits for all active and live replicas.
Adds the specified object to the end of this Vector.
Returns true if the column is non - null and has a non - null value.
Splits a file path into a list of strings.
Checks if the specified taxa is compatible with the specified list of available taxa.
Draws a label with the specified number of points.
Returns true if the object has a map.
Runs all throwing actions.
Dumps the current thread s references to a collection of objects.
Add a field to the database. If a field with the same name already exists in the
Calculates the minimum layout for the given container.
Check whether a resource is changed and call the callback if needed.
Create atel url object from a uri.
Sets the kernel for the example set and the support vector for the kernel.
This method resets the engine and resets the engine to its initial state.
Set the visual layout and center it at the center of the screen. The result will be
Converts the current character to a string.
Computes the log PDF of a given number of values
Generates a format for the given codec.
Write a character sequence as a comment.
Returns the maximum value associated with the specified key by the specified extractor.
Finds the object with the specified commit counter.
Starts an animation.
Get the stack trace of the given exception and log it.
Split a string into a pair of strings.
End the child thread and wake it if needed.
Register transport protocol monitor object.
Add to the set of beans specified by the where clause.
Stop the video fading edges screen timer.
Removes a listener for the timeout event.
Main entry point for the generic properties creator
Create a new table lock object.
Returns a random element of an array.
Returns an unmodifiable set that contains all the annotation mirrors for the specified key. If the
Joins an async invocation with a timeout in milliseconds.
Defines a new local variable assignment.
Opens a connection to the database.
Report an error condition.
Called when a mouse button is pressed
Decode the specified string with the specified flags.
Evaluates a function and returns the result of the function.
Returns a key with the same contents of the current key set.
Prints a list of range to a writer.
Computes the inverse of a vector f.
Returns an enumeration of the options defined by this element. The options defined by this element will
Converts an integer to a hex string and appends it to a string builder.
Prints the bootstrap map to the log.
Convert an enumeration to a vector of options.
Adds a token to the internal array.
Filter large value sets.
Add tags to the series.
get the build number from the package manager
Takes a left regular bipartite graph and segments it into a new graph.
Adds focusables to the specified list of views at the specified position.
Configure a request for the given url.
Converts a number to a string title.
Reads a escaped character from the input.
Convert a string input to a string output and pack a file with the name of the file
get the configuration for the specified service
Convert number to string.
Simulates a method.
Convert a list to a long array.
Update menu state.
Runs put and removes the specified number of elements from the cache.
Formats a list of strings to upper case string.
Remove notification listener
Computes the Euclidean distance of each element of the specified array.
Recursively expand a list of module spec files into a list of module files.
Creates a report string from a collection of error states.
Get the issuer names of the current object.
Initialize and start shard reader.
Creates a new data source based on the supplied properties.
Converts a number to degrees.
Adds a header view.
Checks if is absolute.
init demand and collection map.
Gets the i - th entry.
Gets the shaped version of this string by splitting it into several lines with the specified
Write a tag with a font value.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Create a socket connection to the specified host and port.
Is the batch finished.
Return ok http client configure http client.
Returns the first line of the given file as a string.
Constructs and returns a test suite for this class.
Loads the object o into the xml element.
Adds a line to the current image. The supplied location is set to the supplied location
Dequeues at most the given number of elements from the queue.
Fires a property change event.
Asserts that object1 equals object2.
Returns the names of the given flags as a string.
Converts an object to a string and replaces all matches in the string with the provided object
Add a string to the current indent
Fakes a view and adds it to the views list.
Compile a list of projects.
Display the contact info.
Resolves the result to a promise.
Adjusts the name of the node so that it is in the same position as the original
Take a snapshot of the specified unity block and create a new snapshot object in the specified
Saves the current configuration.
Count the number of occurrences of a given delimiter in a list
Builds the URI for the given parameters.
Dispose a single data point.
Write the contents of a resource file to a file.
Set an exception with the given message.
Perform the normal rendering.
Returns a list of resources requirements and hints.
Calculates the y - coordinate.
Decrement the current reference counter.
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Find a connection by thread id.
Estimate a uniform distribution for a given number of values.
Reads meta data from stream.
Returns true if the datatype is a primitive data type.
Appends a line to the end of the file.
Performs the auto - refresh process.
Returns true if the node list contains the given node.
Make a new temp file and remove all other files.
Adds a single value to the set.
Adds the entity to the troops.
Terminate the worker and removes it from the set of workers. If the worker is already
Finishes writing compressed data to the stream.
Releases an object to the top of the stack.
Returns true if the binding for the given key exists in the given injector.
Create a replicator with the specified service name.
Returns the status of an index in a directory.
Create a tagged object for an output stream.
Builds the messages and returns the list of messages.
Put a short value into memory.
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of a given range of bytes.
Scans the specified URL for text.
Puts the object with the specified key into this map.
Make this instance immutable.
Find the library with the given name.
Remove a listener for this component.
Find by thrift id.
Returns true if the given character sequence is null or empty.
Decodes an expected value and returns the expected value.
Returns true if the given string is indexable.
Send a response to the server.
Decodes a string.
Wait for the mutex to be shutdown.
Adds a new connection to the system.
Returns the Euclidean distance between this point and the given point.
Converts a string to an int.
Adds the specified item to this chain.
Update state view.
Runs the event loop.
Returns a list of all keys in the cache.
Set the current settings of this dialogue.
Generate a unique future id.
Reschedule missed alarms.
Adds a name.
Override this method to provide an completable future that returns the minimum value of the given function
Change to a new state.
Converts a date to a string.
add a test to the list
Swaps the specified elements of this list at the specified index.
Constructs a list of name value pairs.
Allows this closeable to be used within a closure ensuring that it is closed after
Returns true if the given string matches one of the patterns.
Add a new server.
Adds a leaf to this catalog tree.
Convert a time stamp to a string.
Returns the content length of the given string as an integer.
Draw this circle.
Perform an modify operation on the server with a parameter.
Replaces all occurrences of target with replacement.
Deletes the contents of the directory.
Check whether the given object is similar to this one.
tracker for event type version and tracker id
Adds the given tuple to this tuple and returns the result. Returns null if the given
Adds the entry to the internal list if it is not already in the internal list.
Query all children with a given name.
Emits a map entry for the given field.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Get the tv show s title as string.
Converts JSON string into a list of strings.
Remove a listener for table model events.
Replaces the specified string with the specified string.
Adds a single permission to a file.
Runs a timeout task for the active thread.
Writes a new entity to the device by mac address and switch port.
Returns true if the given string is a valid type signature ; false otherwise.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the contents of this object.
Return true if the group or any of its children is visible.
Checks that the number of arguments matches the pattern for the given type snippet and the number
Takes the incoming weights and normalizes them.
Saves a bitmap as a file.
Returns whether the method is valid.
Remove a src class from the set of soot classes.
Updates the range with the specified value.
Close a scope.
Append bytes to the end of the buffer.
Checks if the given update size has enough space on the phone.
Sets the visible state of the button to bool and cancels the action.
Add a single attribute to the iterator.
Translates a string value to a new value.
Return z as a string.
Records a new state.
Writes a sequence of characters to the underlying writer.
Set a geo server connection.
Verify that a zip file is valid.
Close and quietly close the connection and remove it from the pool.
Returns information about this state including the start state and the end state.
Compares the current object to the expected object.
Generate the seed for the process.
Checks whether this object should be excluded from serialization.
Convert hexa to byte array.
Creates the user namespace authorizations from the list of user namespace authorization entities.
Reads the header of the file.
Draw the text at the specified x y coordinates.
Returns true if this value is less than or equal to the specified percent.
Returns a deep clone of this node.
Check if point outside preferred size
Adds a source folder to the scan.
Suspend a list of volumes.
Calculates the m - value of the Levenshtein configuration.
Create a secure server socket.
Prints a number of bytes to the underlying output stream.
delete v.
Find the index of the specified comment.
Returns true if the cookie is expired.
Checks if is add to home intent supported.
Stores the current state of the cache in memory.
Adds annotation properties.
Get the next number in the sequence.
Puts an input stream to the cache.
Parse a string title into a string array.
Returns the current selection as a string.
Calculates the excitatory ratio.
Called when a root is removed from this repository.
Inserts an object into the priority queue.
Override to customize the message.
Wraps a string with a linux command.
Parse the specified sql and add it to the cache.
Gets the index of an element in the array.
Returns the number of attributes in this model.
Returns the tag of the current string or the empty string if there is no current string.
Sorts the tree by feature sequence number and leaves.
Removes all listeners.
Decrypt a string.
Returns the minimum distance between the two integer arrays y and r.
Recursively adds the objects to the hull.
Update the print service attribute event.
Decode data to a file.
Evicts objects from the pool.
Generate random population.
Waits for a new session to be established.
Liefert die Listar der uebergebene Zahl der ueb
Asserts that all of the elements in ones and twos are the same.
Appends the specified char to the current writer.
Inserts all elements of the given list before the given instruction.
Returns a new builder with the same settings as the current builder.
Count the number of occurrences of a string in an array.
Processes the unprocessed data.
Returns a copy of the internal array.
Gibt die Methode wird aufgerufen welcher
Delete the subject with the given name.
Set the attribute set on an element.
Cancels and adds an animation to the current tab stack. If the current stack is not
Adds a geo - distance to the builder with the specified key as the first range to
Send response.
Replaces all the characters in the specified string with the specified character.
Reads a sequence of characters from the buffer.
Returns a canonical version of the given path.
Create a message exchange from a network configuration and a provider.
Move to the next record.
Draw a bitmap with a stroke factor.
Returns the device.
Starts a thread that collects a boolean value.
Override the read method to return null if the object is null.
Converts pixels to meters.
Adds a character to the buffer.
Returns the length of a 3 - dimensional vector.
Create a cache instance using distributed system connection.
Returns a panel with selected mode and column allow multi selection.
Throws an internal runtime environment.
Removes a photo from the photos list.
Search for the value in the array and return the index of the first occurrence of the specified
Computes the percentage of matches for the specified read block and sets the active matches for
Converts an array to an array
Add a failure to the failure list.
dump stack of parse state
Returns a hash set containing all the categories in the given set.
Load listener by key
Upload file to FTP.
Create a ssl socket.
Converts a right threaded binary node into a string.
Unregisters the given mbean interface.
Write exif stream to file with given name.
Sorts the set of objects using the given comparator.
Returns whether the exception was caused by a disk access exception.
Adds a value to the array of values.
bundle the arguments into the magic variables.
Setup video ex.
Loads all users from the current cursor into the specified list.
Converts the given string to a date.
Create document from input stream.
Returns the string representation of the value.
Resets the number of messages in the buffer.
Schedules a task to run at a fixed rate.
Base64 encoded attribute value.
Copy the contents of a file.
Checks if this object is the same as the specified object.
Returns the next number up of the specified number of bits.
Returns the three way distance between key1 and key2.
Discard whitespace from a byte array.
Opens a selector.
Remove the child at the specified index.
Get the differences between the two strings.
Paint a single component using the supplied graphics context and the supplied transform.
Loads all files in the given directory with the given module as a sub - directory.
Does the throwable have suppressed on the specified class?
Writes a long to an output stream.
Updates the digest with the given byte.
Writes an object to the output stream.
Check if target host is available.
Get all supported messages.
read config file from string
Returns a default value with the specified key and the specified default value.
Combines results from multiple reads into a single array.
Returns true if the device is a oracle mac retia device.
Converts an object to a string and prints it.
Resolves the activity info with the provided information.
Create a pair of reil instructions for indexed values.
Ends the formals.
Returns whether next is sep.
Extract project name from uri.
Adds a reference to this object.
Reset notes2 to the specified boolean state.
Adds a new require property.
Detect and add a new hit.
Create a new head tag set from the specified rule string.
Asserts that the first character in the stream is not equal to the second.
Submits a task for execution.
Calculates the difference of this string with the specified scale. The result is a negative
Returns an x with the specified row descriptor.
overwrite a vector with a specific number of bits
Checks if string is empty.
Adds a listener to the scroll view.
Gets the callbacks associated with this tag.
Update memory used time.
Translates a 2D point according to the current scale.
Update the traffic projections of the device.
Logs the stack trace of the given throwable at the given level.
Reads a zero or more bytes into the branch.
Decode a short to a string.
Draw the background.
Associates the specified value with the specified key.
Adds a new panel to the panel list.
Applies the expander to all files in the given collection.
Add ip interface.
Collects all applicable edit proposal for the currently selected view.
Query for the extension point with the given name and attribute.
Ensures that the namespace exists in the docker image result.
Returns a map where the keys are the keys and the values are the values.
Test the filtered classifier.
Upper case the first character of a string.
Choose a random index based on the probability distribution.
Check if the width of the rectangle is smaller than the width of the page.
Group siblings for the specified list of components.
Count the number of non - newline characters in the specified string starting at the specified offset.
Convert a set of integer indexes into a sparse grid index.
Compares this object with the specified object for order.
Return a description of this time series as a string.
Adds a role to the claimed signer. If the claimed signer is null or
Writes a map of objects to the output stream.
Sleep for the specified number of millis and nanos.
Restores the previous output and err streams.
Calculates the crt of a list of integers.
Calculates the height of the text field using the specified mode and measure spec.
Puts len bytes into the vector starting at the specified offset.
Wait for task completion.
Set the content of the link.
Find an end island in the list of surrounding islands.
insert function2.
Calculates the gap between rectangle a and rectangle b.
Move to the next tile.
Returns true if the type of this match is a myomer match.
Returns true if the intent matching the specified action is available.
Takes the host and port pair and checks if they are correct. If they are not
Sends a connect request to the server.
Returns true if the given certificate is self - signed.
create a new mapping.
Returns the nearest words of the specified distance to the specified start word.
Derive a date - time pair from the num to the string representation of the time.
Adds a series of values for a particular category.
Removes all used parameters from the used list and resets the used list to default values.
Returns a new list containing all intervals with the same number of intervals merged with this one.
Returns a string representation of the given object type.
Calculates the SHA1 hash of a file.
Add a panning axis to the current domain axis of the plot.
Initialise the controllers.
Create an icon for a check box.
Sends a close frame to the window manager.
Deletes an entry from the key store.
Returns a disjoint set with the specified number of elements.
Writes the clusters to the specified print writer.
Adds the specified action listener to the GUI.
Removes the value at the specified index.
This is a helper method to create a token stream from a string field name content and a
Check whether a polyline can be represented by a clearance class.
Delete file or folder.
Expands an array to a new array.
Returns the number of bits necessary to encode the specified value.
Skip n bytes.
Create a new file if it does not already exist.
Allow user to profile the values associated with the current session.
Returns the object with the specified key or null if there is no such key.
Handles a loaded event.
Returns a quick reply to the active message.
Write a byte array to the file at the given offset.
Returns true if the configuration has changed.
Traverse the view hierarchy until it finds a view which has at least one group as children
Binds to the given addresses.
Set the header of the specified page.
Create a new service with the specified pattern.
Remove an object from the list
Allow a collection of users.
Get a distributed device by name.
Reads state information from the given input stream.
Notify all threads that the task has failed.
Adds a set of parameters to the request.
Confirms whether the given file is an overwrite of the current file.
Update the datasource task for the show.
Find the line at the specified offset.
Clears the current selection.
Create a new instance of an array with a given component type and length.
Recursive method to load a file recursively.
Assure proxy is ok.
Adds a message to the list.
Set the key of this hash to the given byte array.
Concatenates all the arrays into a single array.
Compares the tags of a given osm way with an expected one and returns road permission
Reads a byte array from the underlying input stream.
Returns the number of bytes necessary to hold the specified chunk of data.
Use relative path tip text.
Joins an array of URIs with the given ids.
Close a file.
Displays a network device interface.
Clear the data lists of the specified obd service.
Make an edge between two vertices.
Sorts a list of strings by their sequence number.
Adds the value to the map under the given key. The value is converted to a
Recursively lists all files in the given directory and its sub - directories.
Create the edge shape.
Dispose the async operation and release the resources.
Add test scenario that a single test method is an exception.
reserve a disk cache dir and return it.
Returns true if the resource has been previously called.
Calls the super method and reads the leaf entries from the specified input stream.
Maps this object to the specified object.
Obtain the or criteria for the current node.
Create a new failover connection factory for the specified LDAP servers.
Writes a formatted string to the current output stream using the default locale.
Set the init cause.
Set the ordinal message property.
Adds a new node to the tail of the thread stack and returns it.
Asserts that the given set is bounded.
Paints a border of a component.
Restores a line by line file input operator and returns its class.
Reads class bytes from input stream.
Return whether or not the requested host is supported by the current thread.
Add a template to this c instance.
Create a chart shape from this shape s.
Add a window to the set of windows to close on shutdown.
Log a performance logger.
Authenticate to a list of discoveries.
Returns a hash of the specified hex string.
Computes the half of the match of a longtext and a shorttext.
Determines if this string is numerical.
Returns the type of the specified URI.
Adds the glue at the end of the vector b if necessary.
Return true if the specified string is a resource reference.
Leave number of strings from the keeper. If the number of strings is greater than the
Returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
Adds a property value expression to the select clause.
Adds an interface to the class.
Cut a string from the index of the first index of the second.
Get http response from registry.
Runs the test iterator on the queue. The order of the elements in the queue is
Initializes this AuthenticatedUser instance with the current authenticated user.
Invokes the finalize method of the given object.
Remove a tv show.
Check whether the operation is compliance or not.
Returns true if the given object is assignable from the given class.
Adds an element at the specified location.
Returns the age of the response in milliseconds. The age of the response is the number of
Returns the index of the specified element in the array.
Invalidate all switch points.
Create a new vdc config object from properties.
Sets the proxy signature for the given object and method.
Calculates the prediction of the given instance to the normalized instance.
Finishes the current transaction by calling the provider s finish method.
Returns whether this port is a valid attachment point for the switch port of the given switch.
Fire a cluster change event.
Makes a batched image request and adds it to the container list.
Returns the rgb value for the specified pixel.
Check for carry.
Adds a component at the bottom of the content panel.
Delete a set of file paths and a set of file names.
Creates a temp dir and adds a cleanup hook if the directory does not exist.
Emit a new variable name string.
read special characters from cookie header.
Internal method to perform the actual merge.
Translates a string using the given format.
Creates a new byte array for the image preview.
Adds a box b at the given position.
Creates a new position and adds it to the queue.
Returns a new string with the specified number of characters padding with specified number of characters if right
Resets the dtx of the transform.
Adds activity listener.
Add a new username to the database.
Do the actual parsing of the network response and return the bitmap.
Apply the specified component orientation to the current component.
Returns true if the selected widgets is empty.
Finishes writing to the stream and closes the underlying stream.
Create a new adapter instance with the given list of objects.
Generate the next number of bytes from an array of bytes.
Draw the low far out of a radius.
Checks if is library class.
Generate a hash set that contains the names of the objects in the supplied list filtered by the
Check whether view child view touches horizontal or vertical drag.
Create a new end point element with the specified name attribute binding location and attribute response location.
Return a string representation of this object.
Main method to test multiple resource locking resources.
Start an element with the given name and attributes.
Return a copy of this buffer as a byte array.
Converts the value to a calendar using the specified pattern and locale.
Convert bitmap to byte array.
Saves a template to a file.
Overrides the default list implementation to return a vector of options.
Adds a composite node to this sub - tree.
Performs a post process on the hex set.
Adds a digit to the list of digits in the number string. If the number is
Returns the index of the specified character in the specified string buffer.
Creates a diagnostic formatter with the given messages and prefix.
Return true if the frontier is empty.
Gets whether or not selection panel is enabled.
Returns the variance of the vector using the given mean.
Extract user options from request and response.
Send list of locations
Serializes a text node.
Returns whether the visual is inside the soft wrap.
Returns true if this is a valid identifier for the given world.
Clears all items from this queue.
Moves the parse position to the next number.
Grows the buffer by a given amount.
Flushes the buffer to the output stream and returns the number of bytes written.
Generates a message for a section based on the provided dataset and key.
Remove a graph listener.
Fade in content.
Executes a command.
Increments the current position by the specified amount.
Create service configuration from input stream.
Splits the given string into words and returns the number of words the original word was split
Returns true if any of the given actions is failure.
Adds a string to the dictionary.
Returns a deep copy of an array.
Checks to see if a given tag is contained in the array.
Wait until a message is received.
Converts a string representation of a date to a date.
Copy a file or directory.
Map the objects from the previous version to the next version.
Read length bytes from the underlying byte array.
Encode a string
Performs a test of the element sorts according to the number of attributes of the element.
Returns a hash set containing all the objects in this set except the ones in the given values
Delete a file or directory.
Generate a list of strings based on a list of sort keys.
Converts a long value to a string.
Prints all the magn JSON that has been found in the system out.
Create a new curator client.
Add cv description to tool tip
Reads characters until the end character.
Converts an attribute set to a mutable attribute set.
Closes the underlying input stream.
Updates the total amount of the account.
Performs a test creation to see if the data structure is unique.
Evaluate the expression and return the result as a string.
Returns an array of bytes from the given file.
Adds an update listener to the animator.
Run the twitch API on a string of the specified length.
Adds a new sub - tree node to the tree.
Generate code for a while statement.
Gamma function.
Get the active slots for a given string.
Convert raml action type to intent.
Returns the name of the hidden element with the given key.
This method is used to remove a token from the bundle data.
Returns true if the type string array is the same as the string array passed as the argument
Reads text until the specified delimiter.
Throws an assertion error.
Returns true if this node is a leaf node.
Returns true if all of the characters in the given text are valid.
Stops the specified thread.
Writes the attribute list to the output stream.
Create a container where the component is regional and the region is regional.
Put all objects into the cache.
Loads the layout for the specified file into the specified tab.
Adds a tracker for the specified file object at the specified marker using the specified strategy for
Converts windows separators to unix separators.
Returns true if the parameter with the given name is present.
This method is used to free memory for a given window.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid identifier.
Sorts the specified list using the specified comparator.
Writes a commit to the journal.
Returns true if task name should be append to current task name.
Converts a string to a string.
Make a random cache entry.
Finds and returns the maximum of the vector in a vector.
Checks if is start element.
Reads a long value from the stream
Removes the instance at the given index.
Extracts the access key of the specified string from the specified s3 uri.
Perform a read write or insert transaction
Add boolean value to string helper
Copies an object from src to dst with the specified number of times.
Adds a URL list to the monitor.
Returns a new hash set containing the union of the given ip with the given submask.
Returns a vertex with the given id if it exists.
Add to current and set to add to current.
Starts the response with the specified request.
Computes the Euclidean norm of the components.
Computes the p - value of the given y using the missing values and the missing
Writes an entry to the stream.
Creates a closeable animated bitmap.
Reads a string from a file and adds a separator to it. If initial boundary is
Adds the given converter to this set.
Starts the parsing of the object.
Truncate a message name map from a message uid to a message uid.
Dump the index.
Compares a reflection parameter with a type.
Generate a random number in an array.
Converts a string to a JSON string and returns it.
Write the contents of this buffer to the specified output stream.
Checks the headings hierarchy of the elements.
Returns an iterator over the elements.
Moves the mouse by moving the modifiers at the specified mouse point.
Assert that the provided inputs are equals. This is a framework - invoked method and should not
Returns whether this imf is equivalent to the specified imf.
Retrieve all screen ids from the database.
Write the content of the current template to the specified writer.
format a string without a parser.
Multiply by a given scale.
Changes the state of the link.
Returns a geometry buffer by a set of segments.
Record end time.
Returns true if the given string is accessible to the current user.
Clears the table.
Gets the index of a primitive type or throws a runtime exception.
Load boolean array from xml file.
Converts object to string.
Calculate the grid sizes for the text size.
Flushes the contents of the file to the journal.
Expands an array of names to a new array of strings.
Adds a property to the request.
Update this member s client address with the given client address and time.
Returns true if the ad is the org level.
Decrements the runnable as a Runnable.
Attempts to override the background paint of the event when an action occurs.
Serializes an object to a byte array.
Returns the module pointer for the given module name.
Add a cert store
Obtain the class loader for the given nar working directory.
Returns the current block of the document.
Performs a substitution on an array of types. If the original types do not match the
Check if there is a scrolling for the specified points.
Test merge one filter into the other.
Adds an edge to the edge list.
Push a value onto the stack.
Create an extended text label.
Pad a string with a given number of characters to the right with a given fill character
Returns true if the given feature is supported by the given version.
Clears and removes all elements from the queue.
Reads a quoted descriptor.
Converts this model into a CSV string.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the numbers in the range [ 0 9 ).
Assign a value to a field.
Writes a swapped integer to the output stream.
Returns whether this object is open.
Perform a list search on the specified context.
cast a soap element to a string
Closes the output stream and deletes the lock file.
Initialize the camera manager.
Returns true if object x equals object y.
Writes a boolean to the output stream.
Trains a set of strings.
Perform find using spring open ldap and check the result size is equal to the specified limit.
Writes a formatted string to the current output stream using the default locale.
Computes the pythag of two membership function values.
Write int32 to output stream.
Queues up a task that will run in the thread pool. If the task is already
Checks if an object is available now.
Called when a button is clicked.
Gets the largest message id from the release message repository.
Remove a change listener from the set of listeners.
Returns a copy of the current request log.
URL - decode a string.
Convenience method to get the contents of a database table.
Adds all objects in the specified collection.
Resets the current file list with the given name.
Initialize the compose state.
Create the tool bars.
Converts a string to a date.
Filter the files according to the given pattern.
Execute a query.
Writes the given byte array to the output stream.
URL - encode a string.
Returns the currency for the given string.
Returns the float representation of the given string.
Returns a new instance of a content interface.
Request the password for share via link.
Force out of memory.
Adds an entry to the cache.
scaled a spatial comparable by a given scale.
Computes the intersection between the two points.
Returns true if int can be cast to int.
Adds a condition node to the set and returns it.
Clears the state of this object.
Returns a new string with all valid code units removed.
Asserts that two strings are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown
Record a warning message and the stack trace.
Returns the full form of the given string.
Clears the password expiration warned time.
Returns a new locale with the same language country and variant removed.
Appends a time zone record to a string buffer.
Remove all listeners.
Pad the given string with the given number of characters to the left.
Show scores.
Write a char sequence to a file optionally append the sequence to the file at the end.
kernel helper.
Opens a connection to the database.
Emits a clear field.
Start recoarding.
Add input method listener.
Adds a fixed view to the view hierarchy.
Attempts to load the class from the specified URL.
Adds a document to the cache.
Puts a command class and its aliases into the map.
Add the string auto - increment to the DDL.
Generate pusher base file for current pusher app and pusher url.
Writes the current block to the specified output stream.
Executes a query and returns the result as a string.
Get the next element matching the given pattern.
Add a new duration to the total duration list.
Paint a common control background shape or line separator depending on the state.
Set the default values for a given attribute.
Encode product string.
Returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
Adds a list of files to the options resource dirs.
Create a new class node. If not using a class node returns the original class node.
Adds a URL to the current import.
Converts a map of string to a message.
Sorts the collections and returns the test tree.
Add a collection of events to an array.
Adds a new marker with the specified name and thread id.
Replaces all occurrences of a with b in a string.
reflect member variables in button bar.
Decodes the content type using the algorithm described in the specification. See the class description for
Remove all actions and constraints.
Checks if is writable.
The priority of the entry.
Validate whether the provided serviceName is valid for the given tenant. If not null the serviceName is
Rotates z - axis.
Create a factory for the given service instance and start it.
Wake out a message
Compute the number of columns for a given character
Adds an optional value to the current value.
Create a message listener container with the specified consumer factory and topic partition initial offset.
Delete a key from the key store.
Returns the string associated with the given group or the original string if no such group exists.
Translates a line by a vector.
Remove warnings about the execution of a command.
Calculates the menu margin.
Add a new action to this game.
Creates a list of integer objects from a list of integer objects.
The method tests the contents of a file. The contents of the file are copied to the
Generates a salt from the header.
Adds a listener to the projector.
Returns the next matching expression or null if there are none.
Writes the specified string to the specified output stream.
Adds a message to the history.
Start executor for a given container.
Converts a string to a date using the given date format.
This method is called by the browser every time a test is executed. It sets the last
Retrieves and sets the latest version of all extensions in the configuration.
Starts the specified node.
Performs a clear - bit test on the number of bytes contained in this string. The
Compares two numbers at a scale.
Reads an int from the stream
Cancels the auto - completion.
Returns a list of all options of this option.
Set the proxy host name.
Verify that the setter methods are compatible.
Removes and returns the first element from the take buffer. If the take buffer is full
Generates a random string that is a positive float value.
Remove all text boxes with the same index except the excluded list.
entity a device by mac address and switch port.
Returns a new double array containing the data of the current buffer at level zero.
Show version of specified string.
Counts the number of times the character c appears in the string.
Adds a color to an icon.
Reads all limited bytes of the input stream into a byte array.
Searches for the target string starting at the specified index.
Validate the rebalance order of the cache.
Start a new thread to execute the command.
Remove an env var from the list.
Calculate a string that is less than a given threshold.
Returns the current scope of the stack. If the stack is empty or there are no more
Test if the result set is signed.
Returns the index of the last separator of the given filename.
Checks if a point is inside a view.
Unrolls the bounds of the given arguments.
Delete quota.
Create a basic auth header with the given username and password.
Adds a new extent entry and sets the enabled state.
Reads the object from the cache. If the object does not exist it will be stored
Reads an XML file.
Returns true if the package manager is all granted.
Execute the runnable.
Sends the next message over the network.
Adds the attribute for the specified field.
Returns true if the given token is in the session list.
Calculates the root of the squared error of a real data point.
Export the current table to the provided byte buffer.
hash map for string to object.
Rotates the right hand side of a node.
Update radio links.
Updates the variance with the specified value.
Draws a series of points along the axis.
Checks the class signature.
Selects a cardlet by its app id and suffix.
Adds a new root entry to this project comparison.
Creates a source from a url.
Performs simple merge of one servlet into another.
Extracts a re.
Called when the application is done finalization on exit.
Add a new search result.
Register a quick fix for the supplied text range and highlight key.
Creates a file entry and adds it to the list of children.
Asserts that the document has at least one attribute that has the same name as the str
Start document and content with a new locator and namespace.
Return the current window hierarchy as a string.
Registers a rule observer.
Send heartbeats to the registered bartender.
Serialize a string.
Initialize ssl engine.
Get a random access source.
Add a command line parser.
Sets the bit to zero.
Saves an object model to a file.
Sorts and collapse all spans.
Split the specified dbi by using a random number generator.
Returns a path that starts with the given prefix.
Sends a message to the publish server.
Remove an item from the children list.
Concatenate two streams
Checks if two strings are equal.
force auth for login based on request parameter
Fetches a user config.
Stops the thread and waits until it is stopped.
Push message async.
Set the value of a characteristic for a given address.
Get the link to the given message.
Transforms the input stream into an array list.
Removes the element from the list.
Sends a binary message to the server.
Sort broker items by type.
Returns whether we need to escape the XML for this request.
Update the path constraints for a specific chromosome.
Writes a new metadata index to the store and then reads the data from the store and
Convert class loader to grid deployment info.
Remove the sub trailers from the given subject.
Moves to the next record in the stream.
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Inflates a string with a prefix.
Adds a warning handler.
Prints the length of a string.
Set attribute value.
Generate a syntax string for the attributes.
Write buffer to socket.
Skip member value.
Create a nested join tree for a given order index.
Generates a new mat file with the specified parameters.
Gets the next request from the queue.
Convert location to column index.
Returns a list of files in a directory matching the supplied filter.
Drop the specified string table.
Registers child property change listeners.
Returns true if the scroll amount is out of bounds false otherwise.
This method is used to reduce the size of the stack.
Checks if the node is locked by a new owner.
Tries to move to the specified y position.
Compares two numbers to see if they are equal.
Delete the left word.
CDF of Weibull distribution
Reads in a continuous data set.
Generate native guid for storage port from string representation of source instance system name and network id.
Returns whether or not the provided paths contiguous.
Reads the specified string and sets the length to the same value.
Adds a field to the query string.
Convert date to string.
Initialize stream buffer size.
Registers a sensor with the device.
Returns value as number.
Samples the current value.
Applies the replacement to the contents of the given bidi map.
Obtain a new encryption key from the given principal password and algorithm.
Converts this string to a string.
Process a list of packages and generate a list of VMs.
Checks to see if the current time is in the specified direction. If the current time
Parse the path.
Add a variable to the table.
Read the bytes of the file and verify that they are the same.
Checks if is media type supported.
Export the dependencies of the given jcas object.
capture a single character at the end of the signature
Returns true if the network is available.
Returns a random regexpish string.
create expected partition value entities.
Converts this node to a string.
Creates a new low memory watcher.
Writes the message to the dout.
Return the soft reference of the given object or null if the object is not a soft reference
Returns a string representation of a long.
Uninitialize the given addon.
Copy a page to an output stream.
Write a number of bytes into the buffer.
Asserts that the backup status is the expected status.
Generate an error response for a request for a specific locale by mapping a value to a string
Check a list of required states. Throws a illegal state exception if the state is not
Sort the list of MovieDB objects in ascending order.
Create a key value list from a pair of regexs and a key value delimiter.
poll stats broker for a given queue
Create a file that is acceptable for pathname.
Returns true if an edge crosses a cell.
Update the overlay contents based on the provided look at and camera.
Gets the name of the given type.
Creates a new state machine.
Removes all listeners and attributes.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Create a shape for a triangle on the right side.
Returns the terminal with the specified name.
Create a new layout block.
Adds the given values to the options map and if the key is present the display background
Converts the given regular expression into a string and replaces all matches with the given regular expression
Returns the number of characters that would be needed to write the specified string.
Sets the promo visibility to the specified percentage.
Internal helper method to set the geometry and hash code.
flush heap to top.
Checks if a file with the given name and version exists.
Finish the common part.
Displays a confirm dialog using the supplied image and a plain message.
Initialize the static fields.
Calls the method and returns the path.
Returns a new view with the specified layout parameters relative to the specified origin and relative to the
Read an int value from a json array at the specified index.
add property change listener
Unregisters a preference from its dependents.
Validates storage policy selection.
Convert this string to a string.
Converts a collection of objects to an array of the given component type.
Format a violations of the given problem using the given formatter for the given list of files.
Computes the distances between the specified node and the specified root node of the graph.
Returns the current position in the buffer.
Adds a new frequency to the list.
Parse a header element.
Returns the slice of an interval with the specified time grain.
Returns true if this is a gerund i. e. not a gerund
Report an error with the specified message and exception.
Create a json object and add the headers and payload to the http request.
Runs the test.
Download all the files in tmp tlog dir with the latest generation
Read file attributes of a file handle.
Adds all the elements in the collection of participants to the completion list.
Create a checkbox.
Assigns the probability of each model to the current instances.
Convert uri value to string.
Applies a kernel to the elements at the specified offset in the values array.
Initialize the work list.
Called before a model is linked to the e resource.
Adds a file to the server.
Called when a tree is expanded.
Returns true if the given object is in the source list false otherwise.
Checks if two version numbers are equal.
Called when the connection to the given URL has failed to be closed.
Add a factory element to a schema complex type.
Push a new annotators reference to the current one
Gets the version as a string.
Performs a sequence query.
Expunges stale entries from the table.
Returns the rest of the given list.
Creates a list of integers from the specified ranges.
Close all windows.
Find and undo a mapping for some object.
Recalculates the estimated completion date for this string.
Adds a document type.
Checks if a table exists in the database.
The test has attributes 1.
Returns the position of the next token in the spec array.
Adds a task to the queue. If the queue is full the task is added to
Returns an array with the given indices based on the given proportion for each element in the array
Checks if the given directories exist in the disk store.
Add a port to the context which is already allocated.
Convert the bytes to a string
Writes a list of longs.
Returns true if the attribute is defined false otherwise.
Creates a new stage and shows it on top of the primary stage.
Clears the queue.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no such key.
Copy stream full block.
Runs the test.
Convert a string containing an IP address to a byte array.
Sends a reply to the remote endpoint.
Adds the headers to the URL.
Add listener to hex edit control
Prints a new line.
Obtains a string representation of the current context.
debug set client id and comms
alter the case of the given string
Checks if is ack required.
Return the specified string.
Adds a reporter icon at the specified location.
Draw the selection rectangle.
Set the exception that caused this conversion.
Returns true if the initiator has access to all storage systems false otherwise.
Constructs a derivation of the given node.
Computes the addition of this string with a positive number.
Asserts that the current radix is not equal to the radix &lt ; 24.
Converts a common tree into an i - th tree.
Displays the specified panel in the window with the specified title.
Starts a JSON document with the specified reader.
Compress the contents of the input stream.
Adds a custom tokenizer to the builder.
Computes the azimuth label offset for the given radius and max radius.
Adds the specified resource to the specified list.
The display changed on the graphics device.
Extract methods of a class from a stream of methods.
Update the docker manager s address with the specified values.
Removes the item at the specified position.
Returns a random enemys string.
Returns true if the destination is a valid route.
Sort the storage pools by average port metrics
Adds overlays to the group.
Returns a resource for the given path.
Returns true if version is older than leopard version.
Overrides the default list implementation to return a vector of options.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as an XML content.
Convenient forward function.
Finds file with given name in the given directory.
Compare the results of a method with a cloud client.
Get element list.
Create a context from the current platform.
Collapses all rows of the given tree.
Submits a player to the thread pool for replacement.
Remove a vetoable change listener.
The throughput of the stream.
Parse the command for the given arguments.
Create or update a bookmark.
convert from utf32 to string
Create the bounds of the element list. If the list is empty or has a single element
Records a set of bits from a row starting from a given start up to a given number
Find a method with a list of arguments.
Returns the first illegal character in a string.
Decode more bytes to character buffer.
Start a new fast clock at the current active train.
Add a new creature to the resp NonNull list.
Loads the specified access role from the database.
Test bytes as source.
Generate a new certificate from an input stream.
Converts an object value to a pretty - printed string representation.
Generate a list of periods for a given date and time unit.
Returns the counter with the specified key creating a new one if it doesn t exist.
Add a message to a uri.
Runs the unit test.
Set the mode of the engine. Throws an illegal argument exception if the mode is not
Remove stale entries from the queue.
Start a builder job.
Fire a property change event for all child beans.
backup all files and write the output to the output.
Removes a connection list from the tabbed set.
Paint a range of rings.
Change path separators to windows.
Translate and append a string with the given backoff to the output.
Optimizes the trie by removing duplicates.
Install after handler.
Attempts to close the connection and wait for the close future to complete. If the connection
Create a new storage entity
Displays info line.
Writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
Asserts that the given string is the signer of the current scope of the system scope of
Invoke a method on a bsh class.
Applies a case insensitive match to the specified string.
Find the first loop in the graph and remove it from the list.
This method is used to bind item data to view holder. view holder. view holder.
Runs the test case 7.
Adds the given value to the range.
Returns the time of the specified date before the specified number of days.
Returns the maximum capacity of the cache.
Calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distances
Puts data into the heap.
Paints this cell.
Adds a label and a field to the given panel.
Starts a new track point with the given attributes.
Combines a list of data into a single one.
commit a list of resources
Determines whether or not a worker can be created for the current state of the grid.
Returns true if the specified id is equal to this id.
Returns true if the identification of the specified player is identical to the identification of the
Adds a lenient property.
Returns a string without a header.
Returns whether the value is always non - null.
Remove the item at the given position.
Sets the am parameter.
Returns true if the request has already been reacted.
Initializes the layer with the specified number of nodes and the specified rule node type.
Returns the angle in radians of a coordinate p.
Notifies all registered listeners that the ne nearest neighbours have been moved.
Create a x509 certificate from a byte array
Called when the selection text has changed.
Parses the given input source into a terms ack parser.
Returns the formatted string.
Add a string as a server to the builder.
Counts the number of rows matching the query.
Derive confidence value for given base count.
Add a string to the parameter list.
Reads the data from the input stream and writes it to a byte array.
Converts a string value to a calendar object using a pattern and locale.
Add a new line to the limit.
Reads the data from the input stream
Reads data from the input stream into an array of bytes and returns the number of bytes
Inflates an array with a string of the specified length.
Returns an array containing all the items in this queue.
Create a list of legends and add them to the canvas. The list of legends
Fetch table metadata.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Reads len bytes into the buffer starting at the specified offset.
Flushes all log records.
Creates a new page widget array from an array of pages.
Fails if the last character in the stream is not equal to the first character.
create new export mask workflow for initiators
Checks if this value is less than the specified percent.
Converts a uri object to an edge uri.
Read a short.
Load a list of projects.
syllabify a phone number string.
Removes a node from the frontier.
Returns true if the path is a file.
Checks if the given object is the same as this object.
Set the port for the embedded Zookeeper server.
Sets the variable value and relation to the same value and relation.
Read stopwords from a file.
Returns a string representation of this revision.
Marks the current barrier as broken and signal all remaining parties.
Filter the list by a given tolerance.
Sends a log event for the specified component and message.
Writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given stream.
Builds a distributed log multi stream writer.
Converts a number to string.
Adds an image element to the element list.
Registers the values for this thread.
Add configuration parameters to the launcher discovery request.
Determines whether the checkbox is triggered.
Adds all data to the array at the specified index.
Calculate the score for the given play counts.
Removes a scanning callback.
Draw the specified rectangle in the specified graphics context.
This method is called when the condition is met. It is called when the condition is met
Determines whether the given row is a page break.
Shuts down the executor service and returns it to the pool.
Returns whether the given character is a proposition symbol.
Adds a matrix to the output matrix using the specified output field width and places.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified substring in this string or - 1 if
Returns a vector of options.
Converts an array of indices to a string of characters.
Truncate a string to a specified length
Clears all transactions for a given height.
Execute the specified groovy script on the specified player with the specified arguments.
Calculates the dirty region based on the current touch location and the current touch location.
Sorts the fields by the string array.
Returns whether the operation was successful.
Start locating phone.
delete resource config dir
Start the movement.
Remove the next entry from the list.
Create the gui.
Returns a random float between the lower limit and the upper limit.
Adds i. class to the list of supported types.
Add a new tracer to the log.
Grows the internal array list by a given amount.
Set the maximum value of this factor to the specified value.
A test for concurrent events on the empty region.
Set up the graph.
Returns the api version from the string if the string is null or empty otherwise returns the api
Queries the inventory for the specified item type. If the requested item type is not in
Called when an incoming message is received.
Converts the contents of a file to a string with the specified encoding.
Methode permettant das en en en en en en en en en
Saves the updated data to the disk.
write map val to xml serializer
Returns true if the key at the given index need be preloaded.
Generates a new challenge token.
Perform the actual check of the basic blocks.
Attempts to run the specified task with the specified number of retries.
Returns the current object if the current object is a collection. Otherwise returns the current object.
Remove a interrupt request from the interrupt request queue.
Called when the update failed.
Inflates a drawable.
Returns the value at the given field of the object.
Adds an annotation.
Write a byte array to the file at the given offset.
Concatenates cipher text into iv + text.
Converts a timestamp to a long.
Package a specific BO with tracks from its generic list
Find edge in same direction
Acquires the probabilities for the specified string.
Resolves an issue.
Decode a string with the given options.
Tests if an object is available in the pool.
Add a new value to the array
Returns whether the specified entity is unparsed.
Flushes the output stream.
Encodes the given string using URL encoding.
Called when a focus event occurs.
Add a message header. If the header key is present it will be ignored. If the
Adds a new task to the queue and executes it. If an exception occurs it is
Serialize a value into a byte buffer.
Load submissions from data structures.
Returns the bit value of the given string.
Advances to the next record in the file.
Compose a component.
Writes the entire buffer to the given output stream.
Remove a tree model listener.
Set the name of a uri.
Adds a view to the projected stream
Reads a record from the input stream and writes it to the output stream.
This method is called when the data structure is out of sync with the other data structures.
Generate a hash for the specified object.
Adds a parse template to the parse list.
Attach an image to the camera.
Returns the minimum between a and b ignoring NaN values.
Register a new object name.
Returns the first match of the given pattern or throws the given exception.
Returns the source form for the initializer of the given annotation value.
Returns a new byte buffer of the specified size. The order of the returned byte buffer is
Adds the specified value to the current range and updates the range with the specified value.
Validate collection attribute.
Adds a string to the buffer without checking if the string is null.
Declares a named external entity.
Set the alpha value.
Create a class descriptor from a string representation of a field.
get nfc service ticket response check.
Schedules a task for execution after a specified delay.
Draws a filled circle along the axis with the minor axis and the major axis. The
Swaps the specified cursor with a new cursor.
Locks a flushing lock.
Returns true if the class can be randomized.
Generates a native guid for the given device type and serial number.
Create a secret key from a string representation
Create a writable raster from the supplied child points.
Sorts the children of the given parent node.
Returns the number of items that satisfy the given probability distribution.
Checks if a sound is available for the given identifier.
Returns an iterator over the available serializers.
Checks that a string key is a valid object name and throws an exception if it is
Called when the server is being shut down.
Initialize the abstract class.
Draw the arc.
Formats a date and time using the given format and locale.
Decodes a byte array.
Creates a message digest from the given string representation.
Uses the merge sort algorithm to sort an array of integers.
Copy a list of access control levels to a new list of access control levels.
Put the content of the specified length into the specified byte buffer.
Handles a response.
Request the stream for the specified stream.
Remove view if it is hidden.
Gets the next token from the queue which is a CSS identifier.
Fills the region with the contents of the specified number of bytes and closes down the region
Serializes the attribute with the specified serializer.
Rollback the transaction and delete the temp file.
Convert the string representation of a GeoJSON geometry to the equivalent X grav X Grav
Write data out to the socket.
Returns the index of the specified object in the array.
Returns true if this plugin can undo the changes.
This method calculates the destination image of an i. e. the destination image of the compilation
Overrides the default implementation to only update if the event type is updated or created.
Called when the mouse click is over the specified point.
Update visible ids.
This method walks the graph of the hashtable for a particular node.
Show previous notification.
Overrides the default implementation to write entries to the output stream.
Adds an input node to the internal list.
Initializes the connection with the specified configuration.
Adds an object to the read list.
Adds an extension header.
Merges the values of this frame with the values of the given frame.
The main entry point for key tool.
Smoothly scroll to the specified scroll y with an available height.
Updates the property to the value 2.
Remove all the services with the given id.
Recursively expand a cluster.
Get array element and copy address.
Prepare all transfers for this processor.
Writes a full line of text to the output stream.
add a new payment
Register all registered namespace support extensions.
Removes all objects from the texts list.
Delete display name.
Create a type from an AST node and a variable declaration.
Deletes the contents of this directory.
Wait for the iterators to be cleared.
Adds a lifecycle listener.
Returns the index of the specified path.
Destroy the volume
spline a general path by a set of points
Checks whether the auto scaling state of the given app is valid.
Converts a byte array to a byte array.
Generate a clone of a string zone.
Writes the given signature to the given output stream.
Execute a select query.
Shows this frame with the specified animation.
Returns true if the given key ends with the given uri string.
Receives a number of bytes from the specified buffer.
Adds a new role to the channel.
Sends a byte array to the connection.
Copy the contents of the specified collection to a new array.
Convert http entity to byte array.
Adds an argument to the tail of the list.
Set the URI namespace.
Calculates the variance of a given point p and a list of kriging
Reads an object from a file.
Checks if the given string is a merged segment of the given name.
Create a new pbe with the specified parameters.
adds the group entitie list.
Update the status if the end time is reached. If the log is not null log the
Returns true if the given path should be included.
Generate units with a given filter.
Convenient utility method to concatenate two automata instances.
Called when the contents of the selected item has changed.
Creates a new partition from the given values.
Wraps the given input stream with a date and time object. The input stream is
Start the server and check the port against the local host.
Convert the user input into a full path.
Returns an integer that has the same number of leading zeros as the given value.
Reads a byte.
Generate a hash function with a given salt and info and the given length.
Returns true if emote code is ignored.
Returns true if the property is allowed.
Read a string from a XML file.
Verify that the string is equal to the number represented by the number represented by a byte array
Accepts a socket.
Transcode a file using the given transcoder.
Report the progress of an inner state.
Creates a new DOM document.
Set the grain value for the core and check if the sas handle good.
This method is called when a new profile is added to the request.
Draws a point with the specified size and line.
Adds a set of objects to the distributed object store.
Returns a copy of the selected columns and the used columns.
Find a field on an object instance.
Create a ssl session from a byte array.
Adds a dump file to the current dump.
Appends a string representation of a date or time value to a date time formatter.
Returns true if number is page in range.
Disposes the service connection and release any resources associated with it.
Wraps all items in the given collection as a typed list.
Returns the aliases for the specified template.
add a new table to system catalog
Remove a configuration listener.
Convenience method to reclaim all views.
Opens the window.
Schedules the specified task for execution in the specified class loader.
Generate a two - dimensional hash code for the given two objects.
Converts a string representation of a vector to a double array.
Get the global info string.
Returns a stream that has the same contents of the two streams as the a and b.
Find and init the iterator.
Returns the data source properties of the given element in the given document.
Return the next token from the text.
Adjust the row height to the preferred height of the components in the given table.
Get a list of uri s
Parses a string and returns an array of format strings.
Update index column buttons state.
Returns a URL - encoded string representation of the tile data.
Wait for decoding to finish.
Takes the content of a string and returns it as a plain text.
Updates the specified byte array with the contents of the specified array.
Create the packed params.
Execute an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE SQL prepared statement. Returns the number of rows affected.
Checks if is lock subject.
Return the hash code of this object.
Adds an action to the view.
display boolean.
Store a location in the preferences.
Returns the best option for this node or the best one if no option exists.
Compares the contents of this list to the specified object.
Convert a JSON row to a string.
remove a table with the given name
Returns true if this bug category set contains the given category false otherwise.
Return true if the specified volume is a full copy source of another volume.
Asserts that the expected object equals the actual object.
check the permission of the entity
Fails if the quorum is succeed.
Adds a permission request to the context after a permission has been granted.
Pause the thread for the given duration.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Reads a range of characters from this stream.
Reads an int from the stream.
Gets a boolean argument from the runtime environment.
Returns whether or not the variable with the given name is contained in the current program block.
Set the root folder of this project.
Asserts that the number of elements in the array are either negative NaN or positive infinity.
Returns true if the given class is registered in the registry.
Returns the class with the specified name.
Wait for operations.
Returns true if all components in target point exterior are inside the exterior of
Create the inner object.
Set the endpoint URL with the specified security modes.
Parses a value.
Create a time series based on the default time zone.
Returns an array with the given elements.
Allocates a new array with the specified size.
Adds float attribute to the attribute list. If the attribute list ends with the specified string
Create a directory with application name and container id.
Draw an ellipse arr with the specified color and translucency.
Overridden in order to override the domain axes.
Refresh challenge counts from due challenge logic.
Sets the dim - th address flags for this address.
Create a swt image from a buffered image.
Returns whether or not the specified key length matches the max allowed key length.
Returns the rsslim field of this record as a long.
Adds information about a column to the current layout.
Fill a buffer with the elements in the trace element array.
Returns true if the midi file is supported by the given file type.
Make this object immutable.
Returns a random double.
am data source.
Sets the worker count to expect and sets the worker count to expect + num.
Make all items in the given view list at the given point.
Checks if path is windows.
Process a character value.
Adds a child element with the specified name and value to the supplied element. If the
Returns true if all the elements in this document are considered to be segment balanced.
Return attributes of this model.
Read a binary file into a byte array.
Encode and decode the stream using the Flink s API.
Adds a term to this split condition.
This method is called when threshold is reached.
Removes the interval at the specified index.
rebuild the event list
Create a disk store factory implementation of this class.
Delete a directory and all its contents
Put the specified number of bytes into the specified buffer at the specified offset.
Marks the rop reg + category as reserved
Register default resolvers.
Process authentication response.
Releases the given byte array to the root byte array if the maximum number of available
Returns the current pipeline.
Initialize the acceptable methods.
Attempts to add an order to the set of active orders.
Puts the current out of the buffer into the buffer. If the buffer is already full
Write string array as xml.
Remove a user by name.
Set the data for this connection and table.
Stores the current stack frame information for the given exception.
Generate a timestamp generator.
Reads data from the given url into a byte array.
Returns whether the current time is valid.
Creates a random time - out network.
Converts a number of bytes to kilobytes.
Create a pending intent.
Returns true if the method is static.
Test string.
Unify line separators for a string.
Decrypt a given password with a secret key.
Adds a list of platform configs for the specified platform.
Returns a view with the selected elements filled from the left and right children.
Find the field with the given name in the given object instance.
Calculates the break position for the specified token list starting at the specified x position.
Converts the tile simplex object to a tile shape.
Inject content.
Returns true if the given char sequence is empty.
Returns boolean value for the given setting. If the setting is not set the default value is
Disconnection notification event.
Check if a matching template has been found and if so return its service.
Generates a random key
Returns a deep copy of the array.
Delete the specified path.
Initialize pattern string.
Creates a new line and adds it to the writer.
Update the attachment point for this object.
Remove all implementations starting from the specified offset.
Returns a string representation of the given double value.
Truncates a string to the specified length.
Returns a sorted subset of the elements in this set.
Checks whether the current time is in legion.
Index the specified field of the specified tuple.
Iterates from this float value down to the given number and executes the given closure within the
Parses the dom of the element.
Reads the next number of bytes from the input stream and writes them into the buffer array
Inserts a timestamp into the given list. The timestamp is the origin of the embedder
Get input stream from string.
Adds an item to the list.
copy acl to file share
Parses the resource list.
Deletes the entitlements of the builder.
Add a signed properties dom element to the document dom.
Creates a channel selection.
Calculate the mean value of each element of an array.
Returns the depth of the pointer
Performs the comparison between the read and write operations based on the provided properties.
Imports the selected file.
get object s cos id list
Adds a task to the queue and starts the monitor.
Inserts a new node into the tree at the specified index.
Samples the current value with the largest.
Writes a list of strings to a file.
Verify if the specified chunk contains the specified auth tag.
Attempts to guess the mime type from the given extension.
Registers a method that is annotated with the given annotation type.
Parse the route file.
Remove a handler from the list.
Adds a file with the specified name and entry information.
Reads the next lookahead.
Split a vector of variable bind objects from the original vector with a given limit.
Initialize the urban sim zone writer.
Resets the dialog.
Adds a task to the queue of tasks to be executed after the transaction is closed.
Replace all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Starts the migration.
capture different string for the given app name
Starts a child thread.
Draws a set of x labels at a given location.
Converts a byte array to a string and returns the resulting string. If the byte array
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Creates a new elsa serializer based on this configuration.
Loads all data from the input stream to the binary file. If the input stream is
Returns true if the type is a two - slot type.
Adds parameters to the runner.
Reads the next char from the stream. If the next char is not in the stream
process logout request.
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Accepts a file.
Adds a list of strings to the command line.
Returns the current activity if available otherwise throws an illegal state exception.
Starts the timer.
Returns true if the URL contains a query string. If the URL does not have a query
Convenience method to write a row count definitions to a table creator.
Sends a string.
Initializes the executor.
Find by thrift id.
Return this object as a string.
Gets the path.
Generate the signature for the given content and write it to the output files.
Checks if the next item is the match string.
Reads an object from a byte array using the given class loader.
implementation of interval implementation
Returns true if the value in the map is true. If the value is null or empty
Override this method to modify the cart item.
Binds a stream to the given output stream.
Initialize the map view at the current zoom level
Calculate the skewness of a given size using moment3 and sample variance.
Extracts the spans from the string.
Called when the operator chain has finished its execution.
Returns true if the event has a delay.
Push space handling on stack.
Closes the content stream.
Set input stream for text parsing.
Method to deliver a message to a proton server.
Decode the message with the given header.
Reclassifies an example.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Create a clone of the current iterator.
private static final int IO_TYPE_TEXT = 1 ;
Checks if the key chain contains the provided key.
Adds data to the script.
Set the Thetas rotation angle for the planes.
write config dir to users and groups
Converts a double value to a string.
Takes the given number of bits and writes them to the given string builder.
Create a record with the given name address and class itf with the given metadata.
Returns the current cpu time of the JVM.
Lookup an audio string.
Adds a new condition.
Read a number of bytes from a byte buffer.
Finds the package and class name.
Logs a message and the stack trace.
Create a new uri object.
Read a number of bytes from a file.
Returns the cardinality of the set.
Converts a literal to a literal by replacing all occurrences of str with str.
Generate cookie uri from scheme path and scheme.
Sends an INFO log message to the caller with the number of arguments.
Adds the given value to the source list if not null.
Add a dialog component.
Print a long field
Replace all occurrences of a string with another string.
Remove listener.
Starts the server and waits until configuration messages are received.
Clamp the magnification of the specified value to the specified values.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Returns the block index for a given source index.
Write a file or a directory. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Appends the program description to the given string builder.
Decode a string with options.
Converts a string to a url. If the string does not exist returns null. If
Parses the value of the specified string.
Converts a string to upper case.
Update the environment variable list.
Make a class from a string.
Converts the given event to a gateway event and passes it on to the registered listeners.
Returns the next token that matches the given regular expression.
Remove a node from the graph.
Returns the content as a string.
Sends a handshake request and receive a response.
Calculates the minimum.
Emits a task until the given task count is reached.
Calculate the x - level rotation of the given theta.
Asserts that the audit entry was completed.
Scales the specified rect by the specified scale.
Create a char handler from a list of strings. Throws an exception if the list is
Calculate the height of the image.
Return true if the given ID is null.
Get the pending list of download info runnable from the active list. If the pending list is
Returns the value in the range [ start end ). If the value is smaller than the
Creates a title for the app.
Returns whether the given network info is connected to the given network info.
Deletes the item at the specified position. If the position is greater than or equal to
Calculates the graident channel between two channels.
Adds a startup listener.
Convenience method for closing a quiet channel.
Start the task.
Create a secret key.
Checks that the given string desc can be void.
Creates a js output object for the given module.
Returns the text content of this node.
Adds a line to the list of lines.
Set the string buffer.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Execute async.
liberty manager client
Checks compliance attributes for a set of attributes.
map all initiators to storage ports
Synchronously answer the invitation with a m ringing period.
Make a prime vector for a given number of variables.
Returns the number of components in this group.
Rounds the string to the specified precision.
Removes the string with the least frequency from the set.
Return key selector of given type or null if no key selector of given type exists.
Generate a sorted map of integer - > string - > integer - > integer - > value
Describe the shape.
Shorten a class name.
Adds a graphic to the graphics context.
Returns a string representation of this method.
Flips a specified frame on the specified target component.
Adds a property to this restriction.
Create a new google maps API instance.
Moves the speed window to the most recent location.
Reads the most and least signature from the specified input stream.
Called when an element is consumed by this handler.
Adds a finally block to the stack.
Get the next meta data object.
Writes a collection of objects to a JSON writer.
Reads color table.
touches the file if it is read only or if it is not read only.
Add a key to a keystore.
Returns true if the file needs to be reload
Returns a source of the given repository definition.
Disable buttons.
Returns boolean indicating whether the specified string is additive.
Write string to log.
Add a port tuple to the quarantine queue.
create column sort info for the dictionary
Add a feature to a json node at the specified index.
Sets bit for string.
Sorts the individual list according to the given comparator.
Writes the current state of the object to the specified writer.
A safe async task.
Returns true if the specified method is a method with the specified prefix.
Add a message as an error.
Returns the union of the given arrays. The given arrays must be non - null.
Check whether the current state of the window is change according to the protocol list of the x
Execute the expression and add the result to the result list.
Returns the top n values of this table as a list of local time values.
Gives the class of the given signature.
Adds a metric value to the current time series.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Get the next element.
Escapes a byte string if needed.
Creates a new input builder that repeat all the specified number of times.
Rename all classes and methods.
Retrieve the current page from the session and forward to the view bean.
Set the detail message and the cause.
Returns the Euclidean distance.
This method is called when all tests are done.
Returns a list of challenge from the server.
Return the contents of the ssl session as a byte array.
Mersenne twister.
Verifies the timestamp of the certificate.
Encrypts the specified password.
Returns the number of rows in the table.
Convert byte array to hexadecimal string.
Write a checked message to a byte array.
Reduces the icon s size to the specified limit.
Install a sound.
Counts the number of pages that match the supplied template.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given name in the given table or - 1
Scores the specified collection of tracks according to the specified search query and adds them to the
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Encode the latitude and longitude to bytes.
Puts a long volatile into the specified object at the specified offset
Executes the given commands and returns the result as a list of strings.
Starts a circle at the specified location.
Prints a double followed by a newline.
Write a single int value to the stream.
Appends the mapping table for the given sequence to the given string builder.
Add button pressed listener.
Release resources held by this activity.
Adds a single attribute to the xml element at the specified index.
j create a property gui
Copy a number of bytes from a file to an output stream.
Deserialize the header information from a data input.
Runs the unit test.
Returns true if all the permissions have been granted.
Fetch charset from cache.
Paint a single layer.
Adds a roll to the queue.
Adds the specified changes.
Recalculate the derived color.
Convert an array of ints to a string.
Starts a new conversation with the idle key.
Adds a span to the cache.
Returns true if this uri equals the specified object.
Repaints all child components of this panel.
check if the specified string is the same as the specified dns name throw exception if it is
Read a comment from an input string.
Find the next escape character.
Attempts to guess the content type of a url.
Extract a single token from a csv out
Connects to the database.
Perform validation of the response header
Show the ivr zoneset of the device.
Wraps all elements in the given array as an immutable empty array.
Replaces the non optional non - minus nodes of the given list with the given boolean value
Converts an accountable string to a string.
Returns the hash code of this value and the given other value.
Delete a type vertex.
Reads all lines from the reader into a list.
Add cache context.
Checks whether the provided method is an array or a class that starts with the provided string
Compares the given media type to this media type.
Checks if the dependency list is modified.
Create a replaced element with the missing image.
Returns true if this version is greater than the given version.
Creates a data source with the specified properties.
Finds object in the locations hash map and returns it. Returns an unmodifiable set if object
scroll to center
Adds a meta object to this model.
Removes a word from the word list.
Runs the test case12 on the string.
Adds an item to the menu.
Invoke all of the strings in the pool. The result will be empty if the pool is
package a configuration value.
Closes the input stream.
Create a new block mirror with the specified name and number of block mirrors.
Starts all endpoints.
Remove all elements from this list and all elements from the other list.
If cause is stream io exception throw it. Otherwise close the session.
Clears the result.
Convert a collection of objects to a string.
Calculate a value between a given minimum and a maximum.
replace string.
Returns the index of a language item in the array node with the given name and value.
Returns true if the given frame id is a multiple - allowed frame id.
Parse the configuration from an XML document.
Create a file with the given path and output file boolean value.
Posts an event to the event queue.
Choose a server alias.
Write the image to a temp file and scan file.
Set the handler for the given path.
Loads the lines.
Try to load a ignore file for the given source folder. If the source folder does not
Remove a single argument
Returns true if the given string looks like a list type.
Set the primary key - id attribute value pair.
Adds a note to the writable database.
Verify that all xids in the list are unique.
Adds a node to the next node in the graph.
Fires a property change event for the current value of the dialog.
Reads a UTF - 8 string from the stream.
Add an integer to a linked list.
Resets the item position for the top of the grid.
Gets the next token and converts it to a string.
Returns the current manager for the given component
Returns whether or not the portiator contains the recoverpoint prefix.
Checks if the specified string is a valid XML character.
Sends a buffer to the proxy.
Overrides default implementation just in case feature is not set.
Remove a clicked listener.
Adds a new section to the list.
Calculates the preferred wrap position for the given text.
Adds the specified object to this vector.
Writes all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Add a mime matcher to the pattern.
Validates a conversation number.
Send message until stop count.
Convert a string to an array list
Picks the current character set from the system property set.
Makes a copy of the string but changes the position in it.
Clears the set.
Adds a new layer to the map.
Reads the rules from the specified reader.
Make updates to managed data.
Writes a portion of an array of characters.
Detects a episode from a filename.
Creates a typed operation for array creation of the given array type.
Fires an event to all registered listeners.
Configures the preference builder to use a specific type of preference.
Expunges stale entries from the table.
Returns true if the specified string is numeric i. e. contains only digits.
Returns true if the given string ends with the given character.
Decode a key.
Converts a calendar object to a date.
Returns true if this is a client authentication.
Create the panel with the image file name and the horizontal strut.
Writes a line to the buffered writer.
Returns the child layer at the specified index.
Check if the current thread has the permission to modify it.
Returns a function that returns the same value as the passed in value.
Remove quotes from a string.
Return true if the given namespace is defined.
Adds a new record to the shallow clones of the element. The new record will
Adds a title with the specified value.
return the index of the last element of the array or - 1 if o is null
Adds a new column to the end of the matrix with the specified default value.
Reads a line and checks if the line starts with the specified string.
Remove a weak key from the queue.
Makes sure that the current time has been converted to a joda time permission.
Returns true if this coordinates equals the specified artifact coordinates.
Checks that the dimensions of the two matrices are the same.
Imports a change from a source change.
Prints a document line to a file.
Overridden to use a term query instead of a full term query.
Makes a chain of calls to a method.
Start playback.
Throws an illegal argument exception when the given string is null or empty.
Resets the context for the current thread.
Convert object to parameter values.
Logout a user.
Create an operation to update or create a network interface.
Returns the facade of the given code.
Creates a datagram channel and binds it to the given address and port.
Closes the rrd file.
Rotate vector in degree.
Converts a uri to a string using the specified encoding.
Put a field number into the array.
Hides the border of the element.
Remove a single b transaction from the context.
Adds a point to the set of observations for the given weight.
Add tag id.
Enables the TLS intolerant server mode on the specified socket.
Create an ordered list of executions from the root to the leaf of a collection of executions.
Initialize the iterator iterator with the parameters from the parent node.
Serializes an expression into a string.
Create the internal frame menu buttons.
Create a new method instance from a method definition
Remove data source listener.
Returns a substring of this string with the specified length.
Clears all the blocks with the same name.
Un - serialize a data object.
Stops the current thread and waits for all to finish. If the current thread is interrupted
Push a folder name to the template
Prints the depth first node of the tree.
Add a new sim event.
Create an ejb generator for this schema.
Method to initialize the board with the current time.
Called when the table is open.
Adds a string abbreviation to the abbreviated map.
Map the str to the tileset of the mouse or tileset depending on the ignore case
Locates the replicator home dir.
Set the string data.
Writes a repeated element to the output stream.
Appends a float to the string buffer.
Opens a file with the given path. The path is relative to the current directory.
Override this method to test destination location and track.
Flushes and closes the underlying output stream.
Gets all elements of the given path separated by spaces.
Returns a random instance.
Adds a deployment to the deployments list and returns it.
Override this method to register a before start action.
This method is called when the dlsn service is successful.
shut down my sql.
Writes the specified byte array to this buffer.
Parses the given string using the given template and context.
Create a custom attribute set on a given tag
Write to file with specified exif interface return number of bytes written
Check for servers.
Returns the current time.
Remove the given extension.
Determine the index of a namespace context for the specified element node index.
Adds a new observer to this model.
Computes the Euclidean distance of a point k by the number of designations
Formats the specified string using the specified object as a string and writes it to the specified
Add a string keyword to the list.
Releases a field from the object owner.
Transforms a list of dashboards to DTOs.
Returns the screen executor or throws an exception.
Add group properties listener.
Edit a global function comment
Clears all active sessions.
Checks if an entry exists.
Unpacks a char array from a string.
Initializes the native thread to be thread - safe.
Compute a hash code for a string wrapper.
Matches the start of an element with the specified name and attributes.
Returns true if the current value for the key is a string.
Create a pr for the specified region and local max memory.
Get the properties of the matrix a at a given index.
Prepare the hashtable for checking the ant version.
Builds the neurons network.
Returns true if the characters in left and right are equal.
Fails if the string is equal to num in the case where num is not a real
Returns an enumeration of all the productions in this model.
Recursively add a reference to the range of nodes that may be used as a structural
Determines whether event is disabled.
d a document.
Transforms a point array to the touch point array.
Converts an escaped function into a string.
Return the specified string representation of this port number.
Adds a listener to the session.
Converts a time stamp into a relative path.
Prints a message to the current user.
Create a socket and connect it to the specified address and port.
Returns true if the specified string is an access modifier.
Handles a request failure.
Selects a size pair for the camera with the specified width and height.
Loads all items from the cursor one by one. The result will be a new array
Decode a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Returns a map with all the attributes mapped to lower case.
Makes the given visitor visit the type annotations of this method.
Returns a list containing the objects of the given type and the objects of the given type.
read the next part
Returns true if this is a multi line tab.
Compute the parameters.
Translates data type string.
Find the index of the location of a vector.
Moves the selected row down.
Adds a file backing the given path.
Get the list of runnable to shutdown.
Convert a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
Unlock or install the dialog.
offset start time to end time
Get the ceil vector.
Simulates a method.
Removes all non - empty frontier elements from the frontier list.
Parses the attributes from a typed array.
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Throws an assertion error if the subscriber is not terminated.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the argument is not valid.
Returns true if the calendar is before today.
Build view item group for login view.
Unmap a volume from scsi.
Gets the value of the property as a collection.
Adds a curvature at a given point in the path.
Parses the given string content and adds the result to the given node.
Generate random bytes from a byte array.
Remove all scanning callbacks.
Read a number of bytes from the input stream.
handle manager creation
Make sure the current shape is not the same as the old shape but the new shape is
Returns true if file is visible.
Append two strings to each other.
Delete the object from SSO.
Converts a sequence of bytes into a sequence of chars.
Initialize the scratch itemset.
Computes the bounds of an editor in the grid.
Reads length bytes into buffer starting at offset. Throws UnsupportedOperationException.
Calculate the cuboid of the specified world point.
Computes the log marginal likelihood of a vector using the smoothed method.
Returns true if the given message is a new message.
Installs user agent properties if the operating system is windows.
Puts count elements from src into this buffer at the specified offset.
Adds a phone number to a set of recipients.
Checks if the filename is the specified extension.
This method is called by the lock manager when it is about to persist the state of the
Add a new padstack.
The base command line arguments.
Add a new content model for the specified element.
Adds a new point at the specified center with the specified radius and length units.
Creates a new input source from a string.
Returns the user preferences for the current user.
Returns a hex string representation of the given socket identifier for debugging purposes.
Pushes a string onto the stack.
Reads a string from a file.
Get x location of a tile within a grid x and tile width.
Set the input field.
Create a new bsh class manager.
Swaps the current display and surface.
Adds the last login time to the policy state.
Splits the given string into a stream of words.
Add app info to activity list.
Returns a new joiner that matches the given field against the given value.
Remove the tization markup from the string plot.
Creates a string from the dashes array.
Returns the position of the pattern starting from the given start byte.
Load and delete a single file from the directory.
Reads a line from the input stream and returns it as a string.
Checks if table exists.
Reads a colon.
Returns true if the specified SQL script contains the specified delimiter.
Compress an array of bytes into an output stream.
Add a service invariant to the triggers list. If the service is not a member of
Encrypt a block of data
Print string value to text area.
Adds the connection groups.
Load a map from an input stream.
Add a line decoration.
Attempts to match a link to a title and return a string that represents the number of
Adds the specified value to the current matrix.
Set the closed flag.
Returns the number of elements in the matrix.
Returns a jc - specific warning flag.
Destructurer for a tree pattern.
Called when a sub - config button is pressed.
Returns true if this connection is healthy.
Adds a column to the table at the specified index.
Initialize the tabbed pane.
Calculate the Euclidean norm of the vector.
Force get value as string.
Returns the hash code of this object.
Converts a list of edge rings to minimal edge rings.
Remove an image sharing listener.
Update the wave file size.
Write a journal.
Returns true if the specified string matches this matcher.
Called when mouse released component.
Compute the max class value using percent factor per series.
Adds a channel to the network.
Join an array of objects to a string.
Returns true if the trait has been stored in the store.
Add a supply to the current model.
Returns the number of parameters.
Loads the meta data from an XML document.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map is full
Reads the data from a file.
Returns the dot product of this vector with the specified dense vector.
Emits the main subroutine and all its instructions.
Get the st dev of a list of doubles.
Trim the internal array to the specified size.
set the bit to 0 outside 1
Compares two dates.
Decode next chunk.
Create a datagram socket to listen for incoming data.
Multiply all values by a given value.
Checks if is level.
Computes the children of the specified folder.
Reads and quotes the given file path.
Reads data from the network.
Clears the internal state of the manager.
Remove an image consumer from the queue.
Returns true if navigation should be shown at the bottom edge of the screen.
Update the aperture value and refresh pendings if necessary.
Builds an invocation with the specified key.
Compute the mark of a web resource statistics.
Checks that the first byte of the second is equal to the first byte.
Runs the test king for a string.
Validate and evaluate a list of objects
Get a relative directory from a string.
Selects the character encoding to use based on the input source.
Generates a URL for the specified series and category.
Checks if the thread is idle for the given number of times.
Display event.
Decode a 64 - bit integer vector into a 64 - bit integer vector.
Execute a SQL script.
Calculates the caFilePath of the unit cell.
Add a job group to never delete.
Create the layout.
Retrieves the next request from the queue. If there are no items in the queue the
Adds a field to the query.
Write the hash to the output stream. If include h is true the hash will be included
Signals that no acks were received.
Converts an array of ints to a string.
Copy the contents of the given array to the given target array. If the source array is
Returns the great circle distance between this location and the specified location.
Get the list of input splits from the manifest file.
Reads a number of bytes from the network.
Fire operator moved event
Remove an individual.
Modify the id attribute. If the old id is equal to the new id the new id
Repeats a string with a given number of times.
Wait for state change.
Selects the node that is the root of the given inference graph.
Add user fields.
Returns the integer representation of the given string or null if the string could not be parsed.
Returns the bounds of the node with the given ID.
Stop a collection of worker threads.
Returns a clone of the mapping at the top of the stack.
Calculate the percentage of the specified state transition.
Returns a string representation of the method name and the parameter types.
Saves the current state of the iterator.
Reads a string from the queue and returns the consumed string. If the queue is empty
Print out defined i.
Disposes the encoder and decoder for the given session.
Calculates how many times the first character appears to appear in the second character.
Parses the given string as an object.
Returns a stream that returns the items in the current time series.
Registers a new mod for the specified file. If the mod was already registered it
Reshapes the specified block in the specified container to the specified d g2 location.
Checks if is content type.
Generate a new X. 509 certificate.
button1 request event.
Checks all the dependencies of the given module descriptor and returns the result as a string.
Walks through all the children and removes them from the supplied context.
Checks if the given directory is writeable. If not an io exception is thrown.
Returns a string representation of this time interval as a string.
Writes the object to the output stream.
Emit the specified entity.
Returns true if the given string is a keyword.
Extracts the import part of a URL.
Returns true if this collator has the same class as the specified object.
Runs the unit test.
Rename a type.
Write a list of values to xml output file
set the title of the dialog
Invalidate all caches.
Write byte array as xml.
Write a list of strings to a file
Cancel all requests with a given tag.
Draw the connection arrow along the horizontal margin with the given properties.
Create a generic record subset for a given schema
Add the given operation info to the work queue.
Interprets a string as cell arrays.
Apply the transform to the current shape and return the new shape.
Prints the contents of this string to the given print writer indenting if necessary.
Initialize the tabbed pane.
Performs revocation checks on a given x509 certificate and issuer certificate.
Returns the composite type for the specified alpha composite.
Remove the tracking icon for the given object
Returns a list of phone numbers.
Remove the given parent file and return the new file object.
Returns true if a - b is better than a - b.
Remove the current context of an element.
Fill biib.
Writes an open value to the JSON stream.
Calculates the logarithm of the given value.
Method to upload file from source string to dest string.
Creates a new zip file and returns it.
Remove handler for column.
Returns true if this image is empty.
Restore the badge to its original state.
Calculates the current time and calls the worker s touch method if the worker is not
Create a new type - specific entry with the given name and vector of arguments.
Adds a msg that is waiting for execution.
Push a new stack onto the stack.
Recursively prints out the current class hierarchy.
Adds a member to this gossip.
Returns a collection of all log files.
Returns true if the selected box is case sensitive.
Return true if this node is a namespace node.
Returns the hash code of this object.
Override this method to provide your own sub config model implementation.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Convert a string R G and B to a color.
Called when the pick button is pressed.
Traverses the binary tree starting at the specified node and adds the phase to the stack
Called when the end tag of an element has been reached. If the element is a group
Cancels all pending operations.
Returns the value of the attribute at the specified index.
Find the value associated with a key.
Decodes a string.
association between template and step pattern
Deletes a boolean.
Returns whether or not the given type has a prefix.
Attempts to format the given string using the given format.
Retrieve an atomic reference to a logger.
Receive one byte from the server.
Convenience method to check for constraint violation of a resource.
Checks if the given string is a valid UID.
Show the currently recorded video.
Write a single line of coordinates to a buffer.
Returns whether the given exception is intended to be an instance of the given class.
Returns a pivot point around the source matrix. The source matrix is not modified.
Returns whether the overlap task bar is popup by the user.
Creates a job for the specified cluster.
Returns the main classes in the given directory.
Throws an exception if the string is not a valid XML string.
Reads the array values.
Returns true if access & bridge are not equal to num.
Adds the elements of the specified array to the sequence.
Sets the executor service listener manager.
Reads an object from the input stream. If the object is not found an exception is
Computes the offset for a given line and a given side.
Get the element at the specified location.
create a s model from a json object
Converts a string to octets.
returns value formatted with rounding mode. half up
Flush the output stream.
is c boolean.
Returns the proper bounds for the specified rectangle.
Add a clear graph data button.
Returns the normalized case - insensitive distance between the two strings.
Create a file with the specified extention for the specified number of strings.
Returns true if this string is a string representation of the type string.
Unify line separators for a string.
Adds a notification to the ping service.
Create a new datastore on a cluster
Check the size of the array.
Add a media uri to the current photo.
Internal method to check internal names.
Create a new task for capture session and write it to the shadow task queue.
Returns the quoted version of the given string.
Returns true if the given leader is the given player.
Redos an editor.
Returns the result of the join or null if no result is available.
Writes the protein to the disk.
Test casts.
Writes the contour points to the specified sptk file.
Start a thread with a given timeout.
Finds the element with the given name in the given parent node.
Create a new re with the same contents as x as epsilon and all arguments as empty.
Remove an element from the selection list.
Called when a mouse button is clicked.
Prints a formatted string to the stream for the specified locale using the specified format string and arguments
Transforms xml source to xml target and writes result to target.
Asserts that the element sorts the attributes before the elements.
Adds the given filename to the end of the suffix list.
Returns a vector of options.
Close all keys in the selector.
Subtracts two numbers.
Adds required attributes to the builder.
Shows history dialog.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Reads data from input stream to byte array.
Create a streamable from a publisher.
Sets up a new connection to the server.
Create the bitmap from the network response.
Find a notification by its id.
Computes the gradient of a given number of times.
Write a histogram to the specified file.
Compose a completion stage.
Adds a character to a number.
Clips the specified string if necessary.
Remove an object from the queue.
Add a fragment to the fragment list and apply a background color to it.
Wraps a string in an array of strings with a fixed width.
Create a vertex array from a vertex array.
Sends a message to the publish server.
Deletes all files in the directory.
Computes the inverse sub - band of the image.
Moves a file to a directory.
Loads the security properties from the specified properties file.
Close an input stream.
Clears all files.
Runs the process and asserts that the output from the process has the expected output.
Start file based merge.
Update the dirty flag if the document is dirty.
Parses an exception.
Checks whether the components are parallel siblings of the specified axis.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the bytes of this object to the bytes of the
plain text.
Return true if the given calendar is the current day of month and year.
Start the port manager.
Print a double field
Convert a y type image to a bitmap.
Read double.
Returns true if the given feature is equal to the given version.
Assign a port based on the usage of the list of matching target ports.
Returns the next event.
Append the points to a string buffer.
Update the combo box.
Set the project transformer.
Returns a vector of options.
Open the compare dialog.
Adds a resource.
Checks if the given string is numeric.
Converts the specified string to bytes using preferred encoding.
Adds delta to the current value and returns the next value.
Converts the current time to a time unit.
Appends a name value pair to a list.
Create properties from properties file.
Calculate the weight of the plan given the current weight and the current maximum weight.
Checks if the filename is one of the given extensions.
Find the current value and set it to the selected item.
Creates a new node with the given name.
Calculates the logarithm of the given value.
Calculate a vector that is a power of another vector.
Receive a UDP packet from the server.
Convert a degrees to rgb
Specify a function that maps properties to a string.
Fills the array with a boolean value. Throws an exception if the array index out
Add all elements in the specified collection.
sprintf string.
Returns the resource name for the given table name and type.
Called when the combo boxes load change.
Remove the column tip text.
Joins an array of named values with a separator string.
Returns a string representation of a class for the specified attribute.
Completes the current state of thePrinter by flushing the current state.
Request a group with the specified number.
Convert cookie object to hex string.
Skips the specified number of bytes.
Resume the paused flag.
Calculates the difference of this string and returns the result. The result will not be
Adds a callback to the prototype.
Set network panel to all connector.
Returns true if the specified function is available for the specified namespace and function name.
Allocates a section of the specified size and adds it to the section list.
Checks if a refresh is needed.
Generates random bytes of the specified length.
Returns the weight distribution of the specified column for the specified example table for the specified attribute.
Removes the extension from a file name.
Delete by name.
Normalize a data frame
Tells whether or not the given URI scheme is a socket scheme.
Add a leaf node with non - existing parents to the tree.
Adds a block listener to the old range removing the block listener from the new range and
Converts an array of bytes to a hex string.
Returns a new size that is clamped to the specified maximum size. The original size is
The parameter tr and ep to the tcp instance.
Returns a string containing all the fields in the order they were added.
Encode a byte array
Draws a single face in a given direction.
Adds a file alteration observer.
Computes the logarithm of a number.
Adds a big num to the script.
Create a new instance of the specified class.
Adds an action to the game.
Adds points p1 p2 and p3 to the end of the polygon
Returns the value at the specified index of the specified json array. If the index is not
Waits for the element to not be present.
Assert that the subscriber is terminated.
Returns true if the video is a valid url.
Returns true if the state is cancelled.
Push a sub - context list onto the stack.
Update downloaded files.
Get all options for current profile.
Parse a language resource into a JSON node tree.
Starts a collection of all active states.
Remove a container from the container list and cancel the request if necessary.
Calculate the density function of a collection of points.
Clone a serializable object.
Returns true if this polygon has at least three points.
Sets the name of the object.
Waits for the query to complete and waits for the specified number of seconds.
Reads a dictionary from the specified file.
Adds a vertex to the graph.
Recreates a view to a model.
Returns an unmodifiable view of this object s files.
Determines if the current operating system is a mac.
Returns whether a throwable is assignable from a set of throwable classes.
Remove all messages from the queue and encode the result as a string.
Prints the int value to the underlying stream.
Generate a confidence map for each set in the dataset.
Returns true if the specified string is all alpha.
Converts a character to a digit and throws a dss exception if the character is not
Loads library with given name and path.
Returns a new enumeration of options.
Verifies that all the bytes in the string are positive. If they are equal the sign
Saves the contents of the specified key store to the specified file.
Adds a filter to the or query.
Send a debug message if debug level is greater than or equal to the number of arguments.
Updates the execution time and row count for the given execution time and number of rows.
Unit test constructor 2.
Converts this object to a string.
Keep all traces with the point keep point.
flip all bits in place
Creates an index request source from the given string.
Add users to the configuration.
Attempts to drain the buffers and notify any waiting threads to process it.
Copy file boolean.
Encode properties to a byte array.
Generate the html form of the profile.
Checks that two elements have the same name.
Deletes a file or directory.
Converts a string date time string to a time stamp.
Returns true if the specified string starts with the specified char.
Clears all the values in this map.
Read chars.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Play the specified file for the specified user.
Called when the JVM exits.
Generate a 2 - dimensional array with the intervals for the given configuration.
Returns the minimum element of the given collection according to the given comparator.
Check the sha hash of a file.
Add a value key.
Updates this assignment to a new array with the same core and border as the new assignment
Converts a char to a string.
Splits the given string into a list of strings.
Draws the specified area.
Adds an edge hole to this shell.
Registers all components.
Initializes the fragment manager for the given ops type.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
Generate a 64 - bit hash of this key.
Create a new handler.
Adds a title with the specified value.
Create a figure object from an ixml element.
Adds a list of objects to the model.
Returns true if the call type is set.
Auxiliary method to map a source.
Create a new shell with the given style and the extensions associated with the parent shell.
Computes the metrics for a given access profile.
Reads a short from the file.
Create a replication job for a copy of the specified object.
Writes the content of the specified string to the specified file.
Returns the set of orders for the specified context.
Checks if is file exist.
Finds the previous stage by its path index.
Calculates t.
Runs a list of bootstrappers.
Check index header id.
Converts this BitArray to a byte array.
Saves a named buffer if it exists.
Schedules a storage for the specified virtual array. The resulting list will be a list of
Construct a list of strings starting from the given base dir and ending with the given path.
Returns true if the specified string is a file specifying module.
Add capabilities to the path and set up the appropriate pool settings per tier.
Transfers data from one stream to another.
Returns the path position at the given level.
Check if there are more data to read and return the number of data to be read.
Adds a numeric class to the training set. If the class value is smaller than the
Method to parse groups.
Called when a drag event occurs.
Returns true if the given character is an identifier helper character.
Adds a new header line.
Retrieves the address of a column of the result set. If the result set is null
URL - encode a string using UTF - 8 encoding
Gets the url with the given string.
Emit the namespace after the start element with the given prefix.
Attempts to guess the mime type of the given file.
Advances all terms.
Returns true if this is the modifier for the access flags.
Release encumbrance budget.
Create a transferable locale for the given formats.
Write the specified number of bytes to the stream.
Add a generic font family.
Writes a reference to the node.
Parses a ns object from the input stream.
Returns true if this set is empty.
Format the current date and time with the given formatter.
Converts class name to dotted class name
Add a dialog with specified extensions and a subject with the specified values.
Retrieve the next video and play it.
Invokes a method on an object.
Adds elements from iterator to the list. If iterator is null all nodes of the list
Create a weak reference to the stream for a given path.
Clean up the history of numbers.
This method is used to process styled attributes.
Adds a message to the log.
Translates string.
Returns true if the extension can be loaded.
Returns a boolean - representation of this matrix.
Returns boolean indicating whether the specified string is the same as the specified string.
Overridden to check if the feature is set.
Returns a formatted string using the given formatter.
Reads the source code from the file and adds it to the hash map.
Returns a clone of the u matrix.
Returns an empty set if there are duplicate error codes.
Checks if is field in current object
Remove a runnable from the completed list
Add a shingled phrase.
Returns the token digest as an xml string.
create a new snapshot on the server
Store a log file into the content provider.
Merges the current properties with a new map.
Deletes the preferred language of the builder.
Called when media player is prepared.
Parse a parameter value.
Skips the given number of bytes.
Add a point to all players with a given radius.
Create a named curve from a supported group id.
Adds a header to a message.
Get the contents of this array as a string.
Re - creates a new table in the workspace database.
Execute a statement that returns a list of objects with a list of parameters.
End all elements of the tag stack.
Add an entity reference to the document.
Links the node as the last element or returns false if full.
Draws a divider to the canvas with the specified bounds for the specified child index.
Constructs the spec form with the specified alignment and description. The default alignment will be used
Decodes the input stream into a list of t.
Write a big - endian int to an output stream.
Writes a double field.
Calculates the next creature at the specified level.
String new props must be same as String old props must be same as String new props must
Delete trait from repository
Adds a collection of tables to the schema.
Writes the specified string to the specified file.
Clears the cache.
Returns the index of a rounded tool item.
Adds an attribute to the current context.
Perform the operation and throw a runtime exception if the operation fails.
Run a full import.
Return the current user id from the specified range.
Starts the system consumer.
Generates instructions for a binary operation.
Returns true if this node is labelable.
Writes a type list.
Load properties from a resource.
Close input stream and log any exception.
Create a new transaction.
Skips characters up to the next non - numeric character.
Change package name to path.
Returns true if the specified key is present in this map false otherwise.
Returns true if the given string is a valid fragment ; false otherwise.
Recompute the hash table.
Save pois from assets.
Create a new element with the specified name and color value.
Checks whether the tag has been done.
Changes the opern value of a conditional operator if the row is greater than the number of
Adds a new header with the specified name and value.
Check for duplicate request
Returns true if view is hidden.
Delete a file or directory recursively
Returns true if the specified component is the tool bar border.
Construct a node with given name prefix and node namespace.
Create a priority queue for the specified field.
Iterates over the object input stream passing each object to the closure. The stream is closed
Returns the exit status of the system if mode is system otherwise returns the exit status.
Returns the distance between two points in meters.
Extracts challenge data from the challenge data and sets the state to initial state.
Calculates the power of a.
add a new m with the specified parameters.
Add a new event to the undo list.
Establish the cache if needed.
Appends an image span to the end of the string.
Validates a given password.
Get the snapshots for the specified repository.
Adds a certificate to the container.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the bytes in this string. The bytes are compared
Checks if the method node is static and if so removes it from the AST.
Override this method to paint a tab background.
Returns a new automaton for the given hash term.
Determine the bounds of a dataset in the specified time series.
Shutdown the server.
Returns the number of threads.
Assigns the specified role to the specified am and sso instances.
Set the executor pool for a specific number of threads.
Writes the initial styles to the stream.
Encode the collection of parameters as a string.
Writes a single resource locking to the output file with low concurrency.
Executes the next pending command.
Shut down the selector thread and wait for all to finish. If the selector thread is
Loads a document from an XML file.
Calculates the number down.
Removes the annotation at the specified index.
Returns a copy of this string where the old character is replaced with the new character.
Creates a copy of the given file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Build mock callback with report matcher.
Selects a cell.
Performs a case - insensitive comparison of the bytes of the string. The bytes of the
Add a class annotation for the class node.
Attempts to format the given string using the given format.
Converts a string to upper case and returns the corresponding number value. If the string is
The entry is removed from the queue. If the queue is interrupted the thread is interrupted and
Create a zip file with the specified entry count and entry size.
Check whether the given playlist name is a valid one.
Imports an XML string.
Add or remove a row from the table.
Create a default digest method type.
Returns a sorted set that contains all the vertices in the specified collection partition by partition size.
Set the graph factory for the current transaction manager.
Shift the bean instance to the specified location. If save is true the bean instance will be
This method is called in background thread. It is not thread safe to call it directly.
Make all the elements in the list.
This method is called when a text node is deleted.
Load the application manifest from the system.
Sets the topic and message for the producer.
Create a new tab in the foreground.
Returns true if function is assignable from class d and class s is assignable from class
Adds a new org record to the list of access records for this record.
Close the disk cache.
Create a hash map from a mask to a volume
Closes the channel and the ssl socket.
Returns the maximum of the two points.
Wait for the process to finish and write the output to the output stream and then close the
Adds a line of arguments to the command line.
Returns the first node matching the specified key or null if there is no such key.
Draws the axis.
Reads the contents of a file and returns a list of url objects.
Create a random colour
Returns a pair of diagnostic kind - > category - > fixable.
Declares a method for legacy compatibility.
Attempts to generate a sptk file with the specified window size in seconds and sampling
Abort the background thread and clean up any resources associated with it.
Adds a csp listener.
Print the message wrapped by the given text.
Removes elements from the range [ index index + size ).
Fails if the result set contains a non - null column.
Compute the bounding boxes.
Adds new page to page.
Attempts to load LHS data on file system.
Paints the component.
Copy to array list with extra capacity.
Send event to listeners.
Makes a request to update a single entity.
Load the specified extension into the current context.
Adds the given string as an address field to the builder.
Returns a limit on the number of results.
Checks if a file with the given name exists.
Skip n characters.
Initialise the payment methods.
Convert file name to string.
Copies data from url to file.
Update the delta between x and y offsets according to the active pixels.
Create an auth configuration.
Trims all characters from the supplied text from the supplied array.
Return the classifier s tip text.
Create a writable raster from the supplied child points.
Sends a buffer to the client.
Call a event. If event is asynchronous then call the server thread. If event is not
Find the best file to use for the specified list of files.
Returns true if the specified strings are equal.
Execute a command.
Populate a blob with the given base content.
Remove a file from the observer list.
Make this operation immutable.
Append the string at the end of the statement
Clears all the items from the queue.
Update the favorites.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to this array.
Saves the current analysis to a file.
Returns an iterator of capability objects.
Parses a string to an integer.
Set the name value pair and the position of the first colon of the header.
Converts a util. date to a date string.
Get the result of the operation with back off.
check server response code and throw exception if not
Adds a resource source.
Commits the pending changes to the input panel.
Connects item p from point p to target
Called when a generic motion event occurs.
Add a class to the class list.
Edit the boolean value of a column of an element by its property name.
Sets the curve to be a multiple of ec x and y.
Serializes document to string.
Returns the area of a s2 point a with respect to b s2 point c.
Performs serializable operations on the repository.
Returns an array with all elements from the given list except for the given delimiter.
Returns the minimum element of the given collection.
Creates a new server and adds it to the cluster.
Asserts that all elements of the queue have a value of at least the number of characters
Finds a club.
Extracts the id and generation from a line and sets the compressed flag to true.
Create a string array from a collection of inet addresses.
Start a profile activity.
Smooth moves.
update price lists
Checks all the dependencies of a module descriptor.
the only difference between the sign and the sign of the whole number is the sign of the
Deserialize the funnel.
Returns a string containing the parameter s descriptor.
Adds a catch clause to the catch clause list and sets its parent to this node.
Writes the contents of a byte array to browser.
Remove a key from the locked list.
Fetch an ordered list of orders.
Make sure the current schema is agreement with the current database client context.
Clears the internal state of the stack.
Add a sprite to the list of tiles to be stored.
Checks if this block is more work than the given block.
Extracts a token from the current token list and adds it to the list of tokens.
Returns true if the url is a url of a protocol jar or a url of a protocol
Return true if the specified object equals the selected user d object.
Set the current timestamp in a batch statement.
Get an accessor that has a boolean constructor. The argument types must match the argument types.
Stop the animation by adding the duration to the current time.
Adds a new row to the table.
Decode a string to a byte array.
Given a stack frame and an address return the address of that frame. If the frame was
Overrides the default path walk implementation.
Checks if is mime type image.
Set the stage as the parent stage and center the content with the specified group.
Returns the bitmap size of the bitmap specified by the key and the bitmap drawable value.
Returns a new matrix where each element is the absolute value of this matrix.
Remove the attribute with the given name.
Takes a snapshot of the specified camera.
Returns a debugger exception with the given node as a single option. The given node must be
Rotate image degrees.
update the finantare of the specified column
Displays the calendar information.
Creates a new line string.
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements removed.
Close all open resources.
Returns true if the specified event is allowed to connect to the specified connection.
Subtract the specified number of droidflakes from the current droidflakes.
Copies len bytes from the input array starting at the specified offset into the specified output
Determine whether the given resource name is required for the given realm.
Entry point for the command line tool.
Converts a string to a date.
Obtain the authority key identifier structure from a X. 509 certificate.
Opens a jar file.
Remove all emails.
Attempts to unwrap a string to a ssl engine. This is a best - effort and
Set the sso token.
Determines whether the given character is letter.
Call the visitor for all arguments.
Create a link to a resource.
Is expression boolean.
Destroys the tree.
Convert a file into a uri.
Start media player.
Search for the object in the list using the given comparator.
Finishes writing data to the output stream.
what can go here
Remove the given object from the cache.
Set data cache.
Marshall the given enum value to the JSON generator.
Initialize the events.
Returns true if the midi file is supported by the given sequence.
Returns the window naf of the specified width of the specified big integer.
Map the given collection name to the current collection name.
Fill a vector with random values.
Gets the hash code of the data.
Called when the animation is stopping.
Returns true if the given package name is equal to this package name.
Draw the marker at the specified index in the specified layer.
Decrypt data.
Converts the current position of the element to a logical position according to the projection change policy
Returns whether a connection should be closed.
Returns the HSL color space of this color space.
Returns a future that will be closed after the specified timeout milliseconds.
Returns true if this queue is unused.
Change directory to given path.
Remove column definition.
Calculates whether scroll up or down.
Reads and refills the read index into the buffer.
Searches for documents that match a query.
End a list
Returns a list with the elements with the given names as child of the element with the given
Generate a seed for the specified number of bytes.
Returns a string containing the number of occurrences of the specified tip.
Request a list of jobs.
Returns a binary representation of this array.
Open a new input stream.
Adds a callback listener for the current thread. If the listener is already in the list
Get the serial sensor manager instance.
Tests if the database is a currency.
Encode the provided buffer to a string.
Test the iiiii.
Parse the string id from the same document uri.
Marks the given position as used by length blocks.
Returns a chol matrix of the specified matrix.
Reads a string from a memory address.
Shifts the given source array to the right.
Adds a new value to the current time set. The new value is converted to a
Remove a legion member.
Prints the contents of the buffer to the underlying output stream.
Returns true if the method contains the baf body false otherwise.
Returns a new string with all the characters retain.
Delete the first available connection.
Search for the first occurrence of x in the binary search order.
Remove routes and stops from the schedule and return a new transit schedule.
Compares two objects and determines whether they are the same.
Convert a list of patch objects to a string.
Close the stream.
Validate the size of the array
Finishes the paint by stealing the data from the image.
Delete the panel.
Returns an completable future that is asynchronously completed with the result of applying the supplied function to
Return the next string after the specified pattern.
Gets the HTML representation of the document using the specified settings.
Return a string representation of this object.
Parses a macro.
es delete pir
Adds the specified part to the part list if it does not already exist.
Waits until the fsync service is terminated.
Find the farthest location in the current direction
compute min image sample size
Create main split pane j.
Returns a new digicore chain with all non - null children removed.
Checks if the context provider and remote manager are up to date. If they are not
Create a new fs.
Create a new element with the specified tag name attr1 attr2 and val1 and val
string from stream to string.
Split name of remote branch to full name of local branch.
Encrypts the input stream using the encryption algorithm and returns the encrypted output stream.
Pad a string with a given character to the right.
Reload the opened view at the specified position.
Resets the internal state of the block.
Multiplies this matrix by the vertical flip of the matrix.
Shuts down the session factory and releases all resources associated with it.
Converts a byte array to a string.
Specifies the parent container and the function.
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Writes a string to the buffer.
Creates a new permission collection and adds it to the collection.
Merges two network structures into one.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Read a given chunk of bytes from the input stream and return it as a byte string.
Returns the sum of the tags and children of the specified taxonomy.
Create a geo code tree for the input stream
Adds the given qualified name to the current name.
Converts a list of tag into a string.
Create an xml element.
Resets the value of the configurations.
Rotates this vector in radian with the specified radians.
Displays a connection lost message.
Returns the value of the first occurrence of the specified header.
Parse sparse fields.
Add a wsssaml assertion to the document.
Called when the state of the tab has changed.
Adds a URL to the scan.
Adds a range of bytes to the end of the interval with the specified status.
Resets the state of the neighborhood.
Reloads the current page from the text pane.
Returns true if field is static.
Get the number of outstanding requests to this node.
Converts an array of bytes to a string.
Initialize the logger for the given component
Finds the item at the specified position fill the left edge of the list.
Remove a default value from the collection. If the collection is empty remove the default value.
Adds the specified element to the cache and checks if the element s value equals the specified
Merges two signatures.
Overrides the default hash code to return the original value.
Sets the deployment exception with the specified cause.
Enters the specified object to this transaction.
Adds an option.
Pause for a client to join.
Fires a property change event if the background property is set to true and the slave property
Adds a frame to the transition.
Scans for classes that implement the given interface.
Returns the next string.
Returns true if the index of the element at the given index needs to be present in the
Expands a point by a given amount.
Copy a string to a datagram.
Returns a string representation of this rectangle.
Returns true if the object is initialized false otherwise.
Remove a shutdown hook for the current thread.
Calculate the number of transitions between two points.
Returns a string representation of the value.
Check if the provided camera size is available.
Appends a string to the string builder.
Encode a string to a byte array.
Returns a lookup list for the table.
Returns the total delta.
Checks if is word boundary.
Execute a blocking operation.
Writes an array of characters to the stream.
Create a new table viewer with the specified layout and horizontal span.
Return the current subtype as a string
Add a line to the path
Can handle missing parameters.
Disable all buttons.
Load an artifact from a file.
Try to acquire a given number of threads.
Return true if the string is the end of a header.
Returns a vector of options. The resulting vector will have the same name as the current option
Sets the tsa and delay.
d a dialog with specified extensions.
Adds the specified point to the list of points. If the list of points is in
Returns true if the specified class is a proxy class.
Verifies whether a discovery response is discovered or not.
Generate a new report for the given description and date
Override this method to update the text views.
Returns the map id for the given transaction if the transaction is near and not local. Otherwise
Stops the server.
Decodes data with the given key.
Derives the argb value of a color at a mid point.
Adds a new position to the space. If the space is already in the space it
Create a strategy from a string representation.
Returns an ordered thread pool based on this executor s parameters.
mock stale locator exception
Returns the event with the specified id.
Initializes the checkers.
Load the properties file
Prints the contents of this hashtable to the specified print stream.
Convert a string to a date.
Gets the MD5 checksum of a file or null if the file is null.
Initializes the instance with the specified values.
Returns boolean indicating whether the next record in the result list has been added.
Trims the delegate object from its size to the size of the original object.
Append a value to the stack. If the stack is empty and the number of values in
Returns a string representation of the ASCII board given a position.
Clears all cached data.
Returns a set containing all of the elements in the iterator in the order they appear in the
Submits a task for execution multiple times.
create a new container vm with the given broker id and number of VMs.
Add a port to the port use list.
Remove the current attribute set.
Puts an object into the cache. If the cache is full remove it from the cache
Remove a model change.
Fires a change event to all registered listeners.
Create the name of the database connection.
Retrieve information about a host.
Reads the specified number of bytes from the specified input stream into the specified byte array starting
Draw the lines for the current connection order to the canvas.
Add or update a node in the queue.
Returns a file object with the same name as the given file object.
Creates a writable raster from the data buffer.
Build a multi segment power law bipartite graph.
Executes a command.
Update the progress of the diagnostic.
Create a context handler.
Returns true if this sequence starts with the specified prefix.
Return a list of container initializer objects.
Creates a new directory with the given prefix.
Converts partition array to string.
Returns true if the current request has the category child of the specified product category.
input boolean.
Returns a collection of strings representing the columns of the specified table.
Add a newly created resource to the resource list.
Signals all the waiting threads that the calling thread is about to process the event.
Checks if the specified object is the same as this object.
Checks if the data is maintained in quorum.
Schedules the next alarm.
Marks the thread as stopped.
Create a ssl engine with the specified parameters.
Joins the arrays using the given function and returns the resulting array. If the number of
Returns a hash set containing all of the paths in the url.
This is the main entry point for the report page. It is the main entry point for
Starts a new transaction.
Add a job to the submitted jobs list. If the job can run immediately the job is
Resets the parse string.
Adds a constant to the constant pool.
Set the data for the chart
Returns the information gain of this node.
Cancels the specified property constant.
Takes a byte array and returns a type serializer for it.
Checks that the multi - digit string is the same as the one in the array.
Show the selected neurons.
Encrypt a block of data with the specified length.
returns true if the class or one of its superclasses has changes
Helper window helper.
Remove and replace a special char in a string.
Runs the script associated with the specified network panel.
web image t.
Consolidates the receipts for a list of installment so that they are included in
Checks if the given string is a valid email address.
Adds a new line to the graph.
Parses an XML document from a file.
Adds a new connection to the channel with the specified key.
Creates a report of the statistics for this string.
Add a subscription to the store.
Create a new zip file and save it.
Generate a hash map for the expanded list item.
Adds a listener for audio packet events.
Adds a boolean field with the specified critical value.
Set the relative path to the given file.
Adds a callback to the source lookup table.
Remove all the blocks from the section.
Write string to file.
Returns true if the node is a variable access
Called when a value is selected in the picker.
Get a list of segments near the specified near points on the specified geo array r.
Adds an action to the update manager.
Loads the data from a file.
Finds a URL for the given classname.
Signoff the object for the given unique id.
Create non - empty virtual pool with the specified source and target descriptors.
Calculate a down sampling timestamp for a given window size.
Return the string representation of this node.
Report an error.
Puts the head of a pattern into the pattern table.
Returns an iterator over the elements of the union of all elements of op with respect to the
Reads a string from the table.
Throws an exception with the specified message.
Return true if the deal is more than num then close the sc and return false otherwise.
Add a X500 issuer.
Build a key column with the given selection count.
Replaces an existing node with a new one.
Adds a device to storage.
Waits for the element to be created.
Adjusts an array to contain absolute values in [ lower upper ).
Remove an element at the specified index.
Make a suffix chain.
Gets the by from locator.
Notifies all registered listeners that a task has started.
If the current is destroyed throw an exception. If the current is not destroyed throw an exception
Upload an artifact from the input stream.
Escapes a byte string.
Returns an array of types for the given values.
Add the security element as a child of the current element.
Returns the number of spaces at or after start.
Inserts a new viewpoint into the current viewpoint node. If the viewpoint node
Samples the current assignment.
Create a x509 certificate from a stream.
Schedules a new http connection to be established at a fixed rate.
Set the value of the given key with the given class as the value.
Renames a table.
The read has an error and the read ahead phase if trace enabled has been requested. If
Adds a long to the set.
Apply the layout of the neurons at the current position.
Returns a nice version of this object.
Returns the number of layers in the image at the specified location.
Finds and returns the method with the given name and the given number of arguments.
Retrieve a list of services from the Yelo server with the specified keyword and category.
Adds a new phone number to the phone numbers list.
Returns a string that contains all digits and plus only.
Compares two methods.
Searches for a marker with the given tag.
Opens a new input stream.
Concatenates the source array to the first.
Publish a list of items.
Overrides the default implementation to check if the feature is set.
Checks if this is a valid uri and throws an exception if not.
Key usage for an extension object.
Generate a list of periods for a given date and time unit.
Create a new secret key.
Fires a value change event.
Used to parse a string response to a json object.
Load versions spying for current release.
Find all user entities.
Adds view to footer.
Adds the seq as the first element of the queue.
Returns true if the session is read only ; false otherwise.
Attempts to consume a single integer from the queue. If the queue is empty this will
Set the parent of this expression node.
Returns true if the canonical name starts with the given string.
Create a new quality object and add it as a constant.
Prints a message and exits the system.
Asserts that the timestamps are within the epsilon range.
Adds a parameter to the item to be parsed as XML.
Flushes all cached data to the server.
Adds an integer to the hops number.
Returns true if the event queue is empty.
Performs basic instantiation of primitive types.
Reads entries from the segment.
Get the number of hosts registered in the network for the specified initiators.
Adds certificates from a store.
Processes a single L LOB.
Process the start prefix mapping for the given element and namespace.
Prints the current stack trace as a io. print writer.
Convert a list of data flavor objects to an array
Test choice empty icon error handling.
Translates attributes of the given string to a string.
Gets the next index id.
Fill field values.
Check for security infos.
Returns true if at least num of elements in other is present in this list false otherwise.
Convert a list of byte arrays to a list of byte strings.
Add a new index definition with the given column name and list of column names.
Sets the ssl key store key password.
Set the state machine with a base path. The state machine will use the base path to
Creates a custom shortcut for the specified character. If the character is mac and the system info
delete x from the min subtree rooted at x
Resets the errors and warnings counters.
Writes the given configuration to the given output stream.
Sift the specified iterable into a single map where the key is the target class and the
Update the location of the map.
Compares the specified value to the specified value.
Binds a property value to the progress bar.
Removes the specified column.
Writes string data to the output stream.
Close the database connection.
B mode mode mode mode in editor mode
Remove action listener.
Returns whether or not the given index is a literal string.
Generates a specific granularity from a string.
Returns an iterator over the word list in the default locale.
Closes the index and releases all locks held by this index.
Pushes a local file to remote. The monitor will be closed after calling this method.
Convenient method to call this method when a null or empty string is passed in.
Resizes the cache s offsets if necessary.
Split a hex string into an array of bytes.
Print a short field
Get all files with the given prefix from the given directory.
Remove a bandwidth field.
Exits the program and exits the system.
Returns the current time of the JVM.
Collapses newlines to a new string.
Override this method to throw an exception when the index is out of bounds.
Extract properties from an iterable.
Removes the last record from the set.
Ensures that a component is visible.
Ends the current state of protections.
Set the label generator.
Takes a line and splits it into a sequence of characters.
Starts an invocation on the target object with the specified selector and interval.
Reads the next field from the stream and returns it as a tuple.
Compute string.
Remove listener for property change events.
Load the dimensions information from an XML document.
Calculates a hash for the given signature.
Add trigger group name.
Reads a string.
Clears all the files in the temp list.
Create a bitmap from a file and decompress it.
Submits a runnable to the pool. The future will be cancelled if the pool is
Shrinks the area to a new location.
Throws an exception if any of the tests are failed.
Builds the absolute stats for the given name value and time.
Serializes a classifier from the given filename.
Find a field by its thrift id.
Returns true if the given field is a partition of the given field.
Refines the bounds of the specified block according to the specified constraint.
Executes the proxy for the given method and number of arguments.
Returns the index of the given character within the given range.
Increments the value associated with k by the given delta.
Sends a packet to a tcp client.
typed event.
fill in the gap of the given mapped classes with the given mode.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Create a script from a list of bytes.
Deletes all instances at the specified row indices.
Add an object to the list of listeners.
Performs a 2 - dimensional gc on a 2D array.
Returns true if the specified date is between the specified base date and the specified date.
Adds a listener for the specified timeout.
Convert a list of strings to an array of strings.
Transforms a string to a tool tip.
Writes a block of bytes to the stream.
Perform a HTTP request to the given URL.
Writes a set of characters.
Append a tag with a string value.
Returns extra info about the token.
Adds a collection of content elements to the top level contents list.
Calls a closure with a single argument. The result will be closed after the closure returns
Writes an array of bytes to the underlying stream. This method throws an unsupported operation exception
Add a new index entry for a service type resource name and policy.
Solve for a set of nodes
Remove num starts from start of the array starting at delete at
Create bean type.
Reverse it.
Use subject object only.
Add a string field.
Delete a storage object.
Forces a synchronous response to the given request. A synchronous response is returned if the request
Returns whether the given example is ok.
Loads binary data from the input stream.
Delete a specified list of strings from a specified group.
Remove locators from this group.
Returns true if the item is selected.
Add an operation to the progress panel.
Create a new key store with the specified provider.
Decrement the worker count by a given amount.
Converts a list of http requests to a http connection
Set the host and port for this TCP connection.
Create a table and check if there is a table in the database. If not a table
Returns the stime of the file.
add all of the rewrites to the sb to the rewrites array
Create the settings menu.
Writes a string to the output stream.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid name.
Creates the commands to run the node.
Parses all the packages and creates the core metrics files.
Gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due
Deletes the first string in the builder.
Generate an array of classes for a list of string parameters.
Trims all entries from this group to the size of the group.
Returns true if the prompt contains the specified account.
Sorts the instances using quick sort.
Flips the image horizontally with the given opacity.
Gets the audit boolean.
Determines if the request contains terms.
Reads all the segments.
project time within24 hours
Update min max for no dictionary.
Deserialize a struct
Main entry point for cli.
Concatenate two byte arrays
Reads all data from the specified file.
Create an extended dismax configuration.
Write a single property value.
Computes the logarithm of the given value.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that should be cleared when the view is cleared
Adds an item listener to the list.
Returns a list of options.
Convenient method to create a new mongoaic with an absoluteID and a random
Returns the rank of the array with the specified value.
Returns the negation of the given predicate.
Adds margin top to content child.
Convert hex string to byte array.
Send a number of bytes from the specified buffer.
Fetch the current schema of all atoms and constant set.
Append double array to string buffer.
Converts this t to a real array.
Read a list of writable comparable objects from the sequence file.
Return true if seqno is older than disk log.
Draw a line.
Process an item and return its string representation.
Adds a new element to the end of the list.
Returns the cardinality of the range at the specified index.
Create an http servlet response.
casts a value to a long
Finish a grid row.
The only difference between the contents of a hash key and the contents of a hash key.
Disconnect bridge and terminate android debug bridge.
Invoked when a ping is received from the server.
Returns the integer value of the specified object literal.
Throws a runtime exception.
Asserts that the transfer rate ops are correct.
Adds an X509 trust manager to the registry.
Returns an iterator that traverses all the children of this node.
Create a new folder if the selected directory and the new file can write the new file if
Gets the i - coordinate at j and k of the matrix p.
Convenience method to perform comparison with other properties.
Adds a column to the current table and checks if the column has the same number of
Converts an object to a string.
Returns true if annotation is retained at runtime.
The test method to process the message. See the class documentation for the full class documentation.
Adds a class path to the classpath.
Loads the directories with the specified first option.
Get a null ind point for the specified dimension.
Find all classes that match the given URL.
Returns true if the given string is not greater than the current string of thelavo g
Shuffles the contents of an item using the provided random number generator.
Converts number to string using specified format.
Converts a string to lower case.
asserts a list of step objects to the list of step objects
Registers a transform.
exit the thread and remove all active objects
Shrinks the internal copy of this buffer to the specified length.
Adds a and condition.
Drops up to the specified position.
Sets the transport and number of the specified host name port and trans to the specified string.
Update the controls.
Write a single character to the output stream.
The method sets the selected index to the specified number in the message.
Start the batch insert and remove operations.
Determines whether or not a given system name is allowed for multiple additions.
Checks if is object class present.
Writes an integer field.
Returns the logarithm of a given number.
Waits until the thread is interrupted or the thread is interrupted. If the thread is
Searches the set for an object and returns the index of the next object matching the specified
Closes the given closeable silently ignoring runtime exceptions.
Appends byte array to the end of the file.
Notifies all listeners that the object s data has changed.
Converts a host address to inet address.
Opens a cfftp connection to the server.
Unpacks a char array from a string.
Put a key - value pair into the weak reference queue. If the old value is present
Returns the common suffix of the two strings.
Release any resources held by the element and remove any previous elements.
Starts the monitor thread.
Polls the current video frame and returns the sce id of the next frame.
Scales the entire image by the specified factor.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Converts to camel case
Returns the next element from the queue or null if the queue is empty.
Add a movie to this movie.
Create the registry for the specified port.
Polls from the socket file and returns the statistics. The statistics handler is called when a
Resets the internal state.
Fix white space.
dup request handler for href dup action
Returns whether or not the entry has expired.
Makes the given visitor visit this method.
Returns an array with all the special properties.
Handles a done query by throwing an interrupted exception and throwing a runtime exception if it fails
Return the list of registered node identities.
Perform the operation.
chart a progress event
Obtains a date in the local system from the epoch day.
Check that all the cache entries have the same number of entries.
Returns the object with the given key or null if no such object exists.
Adds a language to the language arrays.
Returns the index of the specified key within the specified inclusive range or the index of the specified
Adds a new user.
Computes the mix of k1 and k2.
Register host with sim event.
Attempt to reconcile the ofm rc in with the event priority and add the result to the
Create a jar file from the contents of the input stream.
Appends a cell to the end of the cell list.
Expect that a server proxy failed.
Removes a parameter from this object.
Recalculates all statistics for a given attribute.
Returns true if this node is empty.
Inserts the specified column into this group. The specified column index must be greater than or
Returns the index of the specified string.
Returns the size of the given production.
Load a command
Create a bsh command object from a compiled object.
Computes the probabilities for a mult Move operation using logistic regression.
Create a new external client and add it to the index.
Attempts to delete a file or a directory. If the file or directory does not exist
Add remove steps for export group
Get inference by sampling a given document using a gibbs sampling.
Removes a token from the table.
Adjust the minimum preferred for each dimension.
Parses the contents of a file.
Escape sequence other.
Returns the network parameters for the given network id.
Adds a certificates from a cert store and a cr.
Store the body of the HTTP request.
Finds an angle between two points.
Appends whitespace to the given writer.
Clears all resource of the given type.
Serializes this object to a byte array.
Generate periods for a given date and time unit.
Returns an empty set if the vertex does not match the pattern.
Resets the unread counts for a particular section.
Adds a category to the list of categories.
Write a string and invoke a method.
Tries to get a list of messages from the other node.
Make a press color.
Create a stream of string values from a list of movie names and a string.
Cache client user id.
Returns the first node matching the specified key or null if there is no such key.
Returns true if this is the modifier
Add a task image container to the image and block until image release is completed.
Do it.
Returns a new s2 cell id from the specified cell index.
Update actions according to the current settings.
Closes the underlying stream.
Truncate a phone number so that it is too long.
Returns true if the given time is within the time comparison epsilon false otherwise.
Returns an optional histogram of the same type as this instance.
Create a weekday label with the default text position and request focus.
Appends the given rel to the path.
Returns the index of the given substring within the value or - 1 if the value is null
Submits a callable to the pool of threads waiting for the result to be available.
Read a single byte.
Adds a directive to the set of directive files to be compiled.
Formats the given long value into the given string and appends it to the given buffer.
Clears all the results.
Add a key value pair to the query.
Adds a new attribute value. The attribute value must already be of the same type.
Copies all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Recursively prints the members of the class.
Initialize the basic variables at the specified column.
Called when the mouse is released.
Find free space in windows.
Attaches a header to a given sip object.
A g2p method.
Stops the application with the given exit code.
Returns the state of the given value.
Returns the hash code of the given object.
Put all the values in the given map.
Asserts that the field of the object has the same value as the field of the other
Converts this object to its XML representation.
Write string array as xml.
Recursively walk a file tree.
Takes a set of strings and replaces them with the appropriate spans.
Processes the specified block of data starting from the specified offset.
get the command topic for the given string
Throws an exception if the argument is null.
Execute HTTP GET on URL. Returns input stream.
Set the seed byte array.
Flips the image vertically with the given opacity.
Create a Morphik filter from a set of arguments.
Wraps the given callable throwing the given runtime exception and wraps it into the wrapped exception
Pad the given string to the left with the given number of characters.
Calculates a hash code for the policy.
Create a terminal using the system input and output charset.
Returns whether the column at the given index is editable.
Check all streams for valid and non - online.
Adds the specified package to the priority list.
Called when an action is performed by the remote browser.
Verifies a certificate.
Expand the internal representation of string.
Set the supported encodings and sets the max channel count.
Returns whether or not the edge labels are rotateable.
Create a response code with the specified extension.
Make the inverse cumulative test of the points.
Appends the given string to the current string.
Delete servers.
Sorts the specified float array.
Report a fatal error.
Adds a terminal sym to this sequence.
Recomivly creates the znode recursively if necessary.
Stop recording and release resources.
Write tag.
Get the hash code of this path.
Returns a new version of this type variable.
Iterates from this number to the given number and executes the given closure within the runtime exception
Adds an element to the select clause.
Remove a listener.
Returns true if the specified gts value is normal.
Set the start and last time.
Parse a repository expression from the given string.
Closes the output stream.
Adds a section.
Loads relationships from a buffered reader.
Extract the version number from a string.
Compute the type of the runner.
Returns true if the a is approximatively equal to b within a tolerance.
Loads a json model from a file.
Splits the given line into an array of strings. Returns null if the line is empty
Create a new volume in the specified group with the specified number of blocks.
Hash map to object t.
Find by thrift id.
remove info is start block
Checks for an error.
Splits a PDF document by the number of pages.
Validate the set of authorization methods
Convert a string to a uuid prefix.
Reads the next line and returns it as a string.
Decode a string with options.
Create a new gradient paint with the specified width and height to paint a red color.
Returns a list of strings that match the regular expression provided.
Create a new node in the graph with a random parent node.
Assert the delivery states equals the expected state.
This method will compile a list of files to a list of modules.
Writes a bitmap to a file.
Converts the specified string into a sentence according to the specified conversation context.
Replace a template element with a new child element.
Generate a hash of the given keys.
Flushes the output stream.
Adds entry to info list.
Update the sliding position.
Flushes the data to the specified writer.
Extract video data from given stream.
Returns true if the specified string equals this string.
Flushes the underlying stream.
Start servers.
Evaluates pagination for specified entity class.
Create a collector with the specified algorithm and frequency for the specified result file.
Remove a provider.
Obtain the newest first date comparator.
Update the item at the specified index in the series.
Writes a float field to the file.
Decodes a number of bytes from the input data and returns the resulting byte array.
Create a scroll gap shape for a button area.
Removes all views from adapter.
Checks if the given string is a valid mobile.
Converts an error message.
Calculates the sine of the specified number.
Adds a notification item to the notification panel.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the attributes have been modified.
Returns a ignore descriptor for a method or null if method is not present.
Samples k elements from the source array.
Returns the number of messages to be draw in the specified range.
Takes a string of arguments and splits it into an array of strings.
Create ssl engine and fail if it doesn t exist.
Processes the events and dispatches the results.
Resets the state of the candidate array to the current state.
Called when a namespace and local name are equal.
Puts a long value into the buffer at the given position.
Delete a replication set.
Move to next bitmap.
Reads a 64 - bit long from the file.
Gets the columns meta data.
Discover the log implementation of the specified category.
Create via header.
Converts this buffer to a string.
Resolves the executable parameters for the given object.
Returns true if the given character is a valid name start char and the given character is not
Returns true if the given character is part of the id.
Returns the hash code of this set.
enum command handler.
Returns true if the given string ends with the given float value.
Increments the vertical scroll bar by the specified amount.
Sets the name description and the expected number of arguments.
Removes the specified object from the specified array at the specified index.
Removes a model from the models list.
Read map.
Calculates the logarithm of the logarithm of the trials given the
Allows child view to scroll up or down.
Makes sure that the local instances are guaranteed to be non - deterministic.
Adds the match region to the applied region.
Resets the TVE to its initial state.
Assert that an exception is assignable from the exception s class. If the exception is assign
Returns true if the node is empty and relations are empty.
Throws a runtime exception if boolean b is false.
Converts a boolean value to a tag key value.
Do post init.
Attempts to retry on an exception.
Sorts a batch of files using the given comparator.
Adds a directory to the context.
concurrent skip list.
Add a new organization to the repository.
Concatenates a string on key press.
Returns true if the given string is a hierachic string.
Paint a single layer.
Receives one character from the buffer. If the current thread is interrupted or the buffer is
Convert a byte array to a byte buffer.
Writes a single byte to the output stream.
process local files
Displays a template on or off the provided feedback index.
Resets the start time to the current time.
Reads an int from the stream.
Returns a new enumeration of the options of this element.
Add issuer l x security auth.
Adds a transformation.
This method returns whether the file with the given id has been modified since the given time stamp
Get the next string.
Takes a random access file and reads a tag.
Computes the dot product of two vectors.
Checks if is db configuration present.
Checks if a string is incomplete.
Generate script log alert close window.
Returns the best max rule for the specified sentence.
Parse the dom of the given element.
Returns the distance between the specified two points.
Starts thePrinter with the specified number of conditions.
Returns a string with the specified number of characters padded with the specified character if necessary.
Registers an error result code with the element.
Adds all the bits from the specified exception set to this exception set.
Starts a video.
Set the license locator with the specified charset and the license files.
Returns whether the given exception is intended to be an instance of the given class.
Inject a set of project type definitions into the registry.
Add notification listener for given mbean interface
Performs a case - sensitive comparison of the bytes of the first array to the bytes of
Tries to consume from the consumer and send messages to the bus.
Delete an attribute.
Fails if the algorithm is not the same as the original algorithm.
Returns true if the class node is a class literal.
Loads the properties file for the given license. If the create flag is true the file
Set the escaped tags for the given arguments and throw an exception if the argument is empty.
Updates the string with the current time. If the current time is null or empty the
Computes the likelihood of a string for a specific tag.
Return this object as a string.
Returns whether or not the connection is in a safe mode.
Compares the contents of the current buffer with the contents of the given byte array and checks
add last item to model
Returns true if the first message has localized messages according to i18n. tr.
Create a docker image from a string representation of an image name.
Adds a notification channel to the channel manager.
Deletes the given directory recursively. If the directory does not exist an exception is thrown.
Returns a list of empty folders.
Returns the sum of the results of the operation with the current value as the value of the
Write 3 bytes to the stream and fail if the write fails.
Parse string data and return document object.
Checks to see if a production is journaled for a given volume.
test pound symbol in column name
Decode a string.
Wait for the next available element from the queue.
Computes the lengths of the given text.
Create an image map and write it to the print writer.
Adds a message to the message list.
Converts XML document to XML format
Converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
Returns the minimum value of the specified iterable.
Read the specified number of bytes from this buffer into the specified array starting at the specified offset
Adds an integer to the map.
Consolidates the input item stack list into a new list.
how many days old
Checks if the specified string is a valid XML character.
Test if string is equal to zero.
Executes a consumer on next and returns immediately. The caller is responsible for ensuring that
Fills the array with the ciic values.
Adds missing instances at a specific level.
insert a list of objects in batches
Remove listener for tab selected events
Makes a connection uri manager
add volumes to parking storage group
Convert a string to a stream.
Returns true if the selected item should be selected false otherwise.
Generate a key from a public key.
Set the label text anchor rotation anchor anchor and angle as a number.
Returns true if the server is stopped or not.
Log a message at the specified log level.
Returns true if this is the same as the given mod.
Create a new user pref map for the given generic value.
Append a string value onto the current object on the stack. If the stack is empty or
Delete user from authentication info.
Log an error message.
Remove a processor from the pipeline.
Recovers and returns the animation type for the specified view holder. If the view holder
Adds a string to the vector.
Returns true if the method is contained in the list of wrapper methods.
Removes a node from the node list.
Update the current state of the turn Applies the specified action.
Return this object as a string.
Check for x.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Returns the batch size.
Decode a byte array.
Clears all cached views.
Adds data set t to the current data set
Report the end of an element with the given name.
Convert a list of strings to an array of strings.
Add a child at the specified location.
Returns the minimum path sum.
Convert a date to a time.
Adds the d method to the document dialog with the specified parent and modality type.
Returns a new automaton with the minimum set of integers represented by the given automaton.
Overrides the equals method to handle the case where the abstract item has the same identifier.
Adds a column to the table.
Returns true if the vector has the same dimensionality as the specified vector.
Adds a string to a string builder starting at the specified offset.
Opens a file for writing.
Computes the Euclidean distance between the two vectors at the specified index and the
Closes the output stream.
Write a list of files to destination.
Mark internal classes.
Returns the angle in radians.
Returns the error between the predicted values and the target attribute.
Returns the number of prefixes.
Appends the specified character to the current writer.
Convert a date time to a string.
Get attribute value. If the required attribute is present this method will consume the attribute value otherwise
Copy the contents of this buffer to a new array.
Imports a key from the key queue. If the key has already been imported it will
Creates a new connection group and adds it to this connection group s tree.
Returns true if the buffered reader contains a single metric string false otherwise.
Matches meta tags in a string and decodes it.
Remove columns.
read service config.
Refresh preference values.
Adds a type mirror to the inherited types collection.
Multiplies the components of a histogram by a scalar value.
Adds all participants to the cache.
Convert map to json string.
Prints the current message context to the given stream.
Returns the number of methods in this class.
Store a request id with a key.
Save a post to a specific location if location is not null and length is greater than num
go to update page
Create a new element in the context s source starting at the given index.
Convert a collection of virtual files to a list of relative paths.
Ensures that the JVM security manager has been created.
rate p c id p c timestamp p ad id p c timestamp p ad id p c
Do an interaction between the server and the client.
Create a snmp engine id with the specified port.
Parse referential configuration from file.
Use this method to encrypt a DOM document.
Add an issue to the transformation.
Inserts a child node at the specified index.
Calculates the ntlm hash of the specified password.
Checks whether a double value is between zero and one.
Substitutes a string with another string.
Calculates the power of all elements of this array to the power of the given array
Splits a class name into a list of strings that are either upper case or lower case
Return the list of nodes that match the given string.
Sets this result as a result for the given population and properties.
Starts discoverying of the specified element.
Sets the type for the given SQL type and checks if the type is primitive.
Called when an action is performed on an element.
Apply properties to service.
Rotates the node to the left.
Adds a new node to the cluster.
check if a backup file exists
Convert a string to a comma separated array.
Writes a string to the stream without compression.
Read smart threshold file.
Shuts down the executor service and submitted a new thread to it.
Create a point which will be drawn to the view at the current scale factor.
Called when the connection to the server is established.
Adds a descriptor.
Perform a compile progress action
Joins a list of numbers with a separator between them.
Puts an unsigned byte to the specified byte buffer.
Returns the number of parameters for the given string.
Optimize a trie by removing duplicates.
Returns true if this is all denied.
Returns the key of this matrix.
Returns a date time formatter for the specified locale using the specified resolver style and the specified ch
Wait for external storage to mount.
Adds a node to the node list.
Install the app on the device and push the local file to the remote path.
Reads the input stream as a byte array.
Uninstalls the given package.
Open a new player.
Adds names to the builder.
Perform a negative reverse step by one with the specified closure.
Return the corresponding big decimal value with the allowed precision. Returns null if the big decimal is
Takes a string and converts it to a DOM tree.
Append a sequence of objects to a string.
Send string event to agent.
Puts the queue and topic in a hash map and applies the filters to them.
Index all values in the given field from the given iterator of tuples.
Closes the output stream without throwing an exception.
Add a search listener.
Returns true if this is a single attribute container false otherwise.
touch the cache span
Opens the file.
toggle the selection of a photo
Called before tick.
Maps the specified byte value to the corresponding numeric value.
Attempts to produce an event.
If the given string is a keyword or a built in string then append it to the keyword
Adds a matcher to the matcher list.
Finds the scope for the given element.
Generate a key with the given security mask.
Remove a listener for property change events.
Return the previous index of the current index or the last index of the current index of the
Replace a previously loaded image with a new image.
Returns true if this segment starts with the specified name.
Executes all the strings in the pool and asserts that all the strings are the same
The config manager.
Sign a hash.
Set the start and end time of this time period.
Create the edit menu.
Remove a listener from the history.
Set the current state of the model.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the current thread is a dialog or not.
Returns true if this is a signed value.
Parses a string into a number of objects.
Returns the number of parts in this node.
Create a simple database.
Add a file filter to the chooser
Stop service.
Returns the next token from the source string or null if there are no blocks of delimiters.
Eliminar usu Auftrages.
Create a new layer at the end of the list. The previous layer is the new layer
Shifts the right to the right.
L2 = k * m where m is the square root of c1 and m is
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character in the specified string.
Reads content from the input stream.
Set the primitive value.
The main entry point of this method is to create a journal entry based on the provided account
Copies a range of bytes from this buffer to dst.
Calculate the time for a calendar.
Computes the PDF of the data point at the given index.
Converts a long to a string and appends it to a string.
Draws a text element with the specified text size typeface state list text x y with
Find spring active directory with a given limit.
Allows the user to override the input key with a global key.
Returns the hash code of the alignment and the leader at the current position.
Strip leading period from string s.
Returns true if the required config directory is present.
Removes all empty labels and sets the id to num.
The method to set the z level of the rotation
Converts a date to a time.
If the future is completed with a long value that is returned as the maximum value of the
Create https client with username password and list of hosts.
Create a signature for a given array of characters.
Prints the current line to the underlying writer.
Increase buffer size.
Enumerated attribute.
Returns true if there are more data to load.
Adds a new worker if necessary.
Removes a state from the frontier.
Create a bitmap font with the given parameters.
Return whether or not the current heap is one of the supplied pool.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Executes the given callable only returns the result if the callable throws an exception.
Add a protocol selector for a proxy.
Adds a header with the specified name and value.
Reads a skel from the given reader and writes it to an array of strings.
Get the non monogamous samples of the given collection of families.
Create a scene object.
Returns true if the given file contains the given content.
Loads an array of boolean values from a file with the specified off character. The off
Sets the status of the collected receipts for the given number and updates the date and time
Adds an animation to the animation list.
Remove a system from storage.
Initializes the hash set.
Returns true if the specified string exists in the specified range.
Unwatches a specific path.
Adds a new property criteria.
Removes the column with the given name.
Checks if a un managed protection set exists in the db.
Converts a string into a number of bytes.
Queries the hive table and returns the result.
Atomically applies the given function to the current value and returns the previous value. The function
Release the timers and remove this window from the activity tracker.
Should move this load balancer to another.
Convert throwable messages.
Create a new raf with the specified path using the specified lock factory to lock the file.
Add minutes to a list.
Recompose variable variables.
Handle a property change event.
Sorts an array of ints if necessary.
Execute update.
Do text normaling.
Initializes the patterns associated with the given connection.
Adds a collection of indices to the index index.
Returns a boolean value indicating whether a cookie is secure or not.
Load json stream list.
Return the first path in the vector or null.
Returns the number of times a given word was added to the given channel.
Update a table in the database.
Prunes an exceptional out of the basic block.
Returns a new string that is spaced with the specified number of times.
Returns the type of the content of the byte array b starting at the given offset.
Performs a benchmark for a non - caching operation.
Move the current path line to the specified location.
Get the stdout and stderr and write the result to the output file.
Sends the start part of the multipart message.
add a big decimal to the actual value
Returns true if the specified character is lower case or the specified character is upper case.
Prints the stack trace of an exception to a writer.
Reads the data from the data stream.
Removes the element at the specified index.
Build a row panel with the supplied label text hint and optional last flag.
Adds additional targets to the builder.
Add a new point to the path.
Round up a number to neg.
Read counter data from file.
Adds a composite predicate to this composite predicate.
Reads the next word from the tokenizer.
Append a string to a string buffer.
Determines whether a file with the given name exists in the current external storage directory.
Builds the associations for the given object.
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with with with with.
helper method for location helper
Adds a string to the registry.
Return the first child element of the given element whose names are in the given set.
Entry point for the main method.
Get the hash code of this string.
Add all helper text colors from array.
Normalize an array.
Write a message to a file.
Get the hash code of this color and sample.
Returns a random float in [ start end ).
Write a string to the file.
Makes a copy of the locale configuration and sets the system locale to the new locale.
Returns the keymap for a given key.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid offset of the specified string.
Makes a string massage it if it is colon followed by a port number.
Deletes a key from this map.
Appends the whole match with the given builder.
Starts the processing.
Converts a single row to an array of objects.
Returns a new string with the chars removed.
Adds all columns.
Copies the content from the input stream to the output stream.
Set up the list view adapter and open the streams.
Allows you to override values of a fp type with a simple type.
Copy a component.
Computes the Zetastatic method for a given set of values.
Calculates the total pending balance for the specified work order ID.
Load the user profile using the service screen type and the id to identify the user.
scroll by a given increment
Returns true if symbol needs quoting ; false otherwise.
Returns the commit counter for a file with the given name and extension.
Loads a document from a file.
Creates a new floating point comment and links it to the corresponding node.
Returns whether the given assign is hod.
Returns a munger of a single label mode for the given set of languages.
Matches a spec and returns an array of stat values that match the spec.
Assigns a cluster num to each cluster in the cluster list.
close path x y z
Add a background task that will perform a tv show episode show operation on the specified text.
Saves the current selection of the i th record in mini table.
Add a string field with the given types.
Clean a task from the pool.
Creates a new file with a random number of bytes under the specified parent.
Moves the map to a new location with the specified lon and lat center.
Sends an event to the plugin with the specified name and set of properties.
The column pressed at the given point
Returns a fixed records array with the given number of records.
Add attributes if not exist.
Recompose the attribute sets.
Splits the given string on the given regular expression and returns the result as a list.
Method to delete dbffdc.
Finds the last key in the list.
Append data to a nal unit
Returns the total size of all files in a directory.
Translate the matrix by the specified amount.
Asserts that the given object has the same hash code as the original object.
Returns the url of the current page.
Returns the mean value of a list of doubles.
Converts byte array to hex string. Returns null if conversion is not possible.
scanner for input from url.
Performs the runnable for testing purposes. If the runnable has a message it removes it from
Converts a string to a html entity.
Write a vector to the stream.
Release the current status of the specified process.
Create a map from a list of volume descriptors and a list of volume types.
Encrypts the specified plain text as bytes using the specified password.
Find by thrift id.
Override this method to remove a listener when the deinstall button is pressed.
Returns a boolean indicating whether this is secure.
Samples a value at a given time.
Create a new tenant parameter with the tenant s name and description.
Throws an internal error.
Draws a highlight of the string at the specified location.
Create a new image encoder instance for given format.
Apply pinch zoom to image view
Parse the value of a string option and return a file object if the value is not empty
Returns true if the line is ranked by the number of lines.
Ensure that the internal array has at least the given capacity.
Returns the detail base for the specified method or throws an exception.
Closes the output stream.
Acquires the lock on the current thread.
Create a statement object.
Remove a resource by id.
Switch to next options.
Load client details entity.
Adds a property descriptor for the specified field.
Parses a pattern and a bound to a single string.
Returns a hash map with the base64 encoded string and the string as the environment variable.
Draws a series of values and series of points.
log mod log
Returns true if the given class name is a valid class name.
Start a new minute.
Obtain whether a new system object is needed for a data collection scan job.
Remove a breakpoint from storage.
Replaces the creation of the specified template with the specified values.
Reads an object from the input stream.
Adds a new item to the list.
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Create a new cluster server.
Verifies that all the bytes in the string are positive 4 bytes. If they are equal
Perform a minimal completion stage of the operation.
write directory post resource to xml file
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements removed.
Returns the potion type with the given name.
Removes a mesh from the cluster.
Returns a list of datums for the given source id the sentence level metric and the translation
Post a runnable to the event loop handler.
Returns true if this map is closed.
Insert think time into the script.
Adds an instruction to the list of instructions.
Ensures that the buffer has at least the given capacity.
Removes a variable name from the builder.
read document collection t.
Adds a new entity targeted by swarming the specified entity and swarming the
Returns true if a checkpoint with the specified key exists.
Set the image of an object to be displayed.
Copies the given input stream to the given output stream with the specified buffer size and
Write the header of the document
Parse a string from the input.
Write the method return value to the output stream.
Returns a string representation of the given link parts.
Set the json cause.
Fixes the utils list to a boolean.
Reads all patterns from the file and creates a new list of patterns.
Get a list of files in a directory.
Create a string representation of this node s children.
Appends the specified value to the appendable.
Remove the specified cell from the map. If the overlay is null the object is removed from
Removes a foreign key from this set.
Inserts an int into the string buffer at the given offset.
add gefaehrdungs umsetzung. if the gefa
Normalize the class path.
Adds the specified object as an element to the sequence.
Push a value onto the top of the stack.
Add a string conversion to the tree.
Writes the contents of the specified string to the current table in the database. The table
Create a future that represents a history of read values.
Validate that the scheme and VM id are the same.
Completes the writing of the response and notify any waiting threads.
Converts an offset to a physical address.
Report an XML entity declaration.
Determines if the given log name and operation are authorized to the given credential.
Get the next object in the array.
Adds new messages to the queue.
Sets the permission object for a specific rational permission.
Create new generic principal.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Roll the specified number of random numbers 1 - 6.
Takes a stream of octets and returns it as an array of bytes.
Add a tag tree to the graph.
Returns the height of the marker at the specified index.
Consume a client s properties.
Computes the Euclidean distance between the two performance stats.
Find the same as a given resource.
Remove all triggers and index files.
Compute the dot product.
Resize tables.
Returns the next inet socket address in the list.
Convert a percentile level to x.
Get queue name from string.
Returns the symbol with the given ID in the given context.
Calculate the angle of the touch state
Extracts a 16 - bit integer from the data at the given offset.
Remove quotes and replace quotes in strings.
Generates a label for the specified dataset.
Returns true if the given pattern matches the given strings against the given URI template variables.
Changes the size of this schedule. If the new size is larger than the current size the
Returns the declared field with the given name and field descriptor.
Sets this field to the current time in the specified time zone using the default locale.
Internal util method.
Converts float to string with a default value if the key is not present.
Read a boolean value from a json array at the specified index.
Generate the auto - boxing code for a field type.
Opens a file with the specified data.
Main entry point for the example.
Waits for the next match.
Construct a list of signatures.
Test if a number is positive i. e. if it is not a positive number.
Returns the index of the last non - newline char in the sequence or - 1 if the
Calculates the coordinates of a single glyph.
Returns a date in gregorian calendar system from the julian index.
Remove the last object from the stack.
Write a rdf node to the stream.
A utility table for a query that includes the values of a network and a query var.
Convert a list of strings to numeric scores
Moves to the next image.
Parses the data from the input stream.
Finds the best insertion of the partial route.
Writes an int to the stream as a short.
Returns true if the pool is initialized.
Called when the user click the register button on the view.
Registers an extra subject.
Trims a string from the beginning and end of a line.
Returns the distance between p1 and p2.
Appends the given instruction to the current builder s instructions.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the order list.
Verifies that the domains are not in use.
Create a new hashtable that contains only the elements that intersect the provided one.
Set the class and method name for the test method.
Find the serialization type for an annotated class.
Convert a scene model from the input stream to the output stream.
Returns a map where the keys are the keys and the values are the values.
Writes an array to the output stream.
Load the specified voice from the map. If the map does not contain a mapping for the
Appends a key - value pair to the end of this map.
Adds an incremental classifier listener.
Read a four - byte floating point number.
Generates a collection of certificates from the input stream.
Check if files exist on dest but not src.
Convert an order expression into a relative order expression.
Swaps the specified block with the current tick.
Insert a new product into the history table.
Configure the message label.
Removes all limit lines.
Removes all elements from the given stream.
metering rectangle regions.
Flushes the output stream.
Creates a vector with the components of the specified array.
overrides the visitor to make sure the class name matches the attribute name
Converts a longitude to a pixel
Returns true if the values from the world file are in geographic order. The values are
Stores number in register.
Removes a session from this session context.
Return a string representation of this array.
Returns a dirty child iterator.
Enable the build.
Computes the HMAC for the specified string.
Returns true if this string starts with the specified string.
Internal helper method to write raw bytes.
Returns true if this class is src class
Process the ldif.
Print progress for a given row and row till.
Releases a read lock on the remote server.
Returns a list of position record objects for the specified session and latitude and longitude.
Creates a check box with the given text and image icon.
Adds a completed batch.
Get the output buffer and add it to the output buffers.
Creates a job definition with optional parameters.
Finds by thrift id.
Puts a long value into memory.
Create a new file with the specified number of folds. The number of folds is
Sign an XML document with a custom certificate alias.
Displays the popup.
Writes a sequence data structure to the writer.
Attempts to guess the best fire plan for the given target entity. The best match is
map a volume group to its related resource
Perform post files operation on the specified arguments.
Clear the list of searchables.
Adds an action listener to the list of listeners.
Add a new item stack to the stack.
order by string.
Find a clone of a vector with a key that matches the key in the clone list.
Converts a string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the specified string looks like an abg.
Wait for the process to exit.
Adds a meta character and its replacement.
Finds matches of the specified number of times.
Finds all history of the given job.
Returns the value of the given character if it is printable otherwise returns the string value of the
Updates the pending nodes.
Returns a string containing the current string. If the current string is null this string is returned
Draws an indicator at the specified x position.
Writes a single line of data at a time.
Return true if input stream is a PEM - formatted string.
Setter for close listener.
Sets the request routing.
Receives a UDP packet and returns its data.
Makes a copy of the attribute at the specified position.
Adds labels for the specified locale to the index.
Wraps a key into an array of bytes. Throws an unsupported operation exception.
Set the current server instance.
Adds a separator to the current log.
Determines whether a save location exists in the external storage.
Returns a list of modules. The order of the modules is the same as the order in
Writes the tag and data to the output stream.
Rounds the specified value to the nearest multiple of the specified number.
Convert the properties to the types.
Creates a list of register description objects from the given register node.
Create a named thread factory.
Runs the test metric on the device at the provided cpu.
Add a transaction to the server.
Sleep for a period of time.
Test whether the contents of a pipe are the same as the contents of a nested pipe.
Fails if the number is not the same as the number in the map.
Returns boolean indicating whether the channel is currently in a busy state.
Parses the bytes into the given byte array.
Resets the download bandwidth.
Performs the merge of the security role names of the elements in the web. xml.
Decodes a full revision.
Remove all child nodes.
Unlinks node p with trail.
Calculate the mix of two frictions.
Serialize object to JSON
Compiles a fast - memory string with the given offsets and registers.
Check whether native volume expansion is supported on this device.
Updates the gui with the data from the roster entry.
Converts a number to an oizp number.
Returns a new terminal size that is the same as this terminal size but a new terminal size
Checks if is gzip allowed for the given request.
Creates a new unbounded buffer. If the buffer is unbounded a new unbounded buffer
Shows a list of conversations.
Read a octet from the input stream.
Add a new job to the queue.
Test if a number is positive a bit. The result is true if and only if the
Start element.
Draw the specified string at the specified x y position with the specified decoration.
Reads a number of characters from the current position in the character array.
Update the parameters of the nonce.
Return the matching virtual pool for a given storage system id.
This is the main method to calculate the options of a player to use.
Adds search history to the search editor.
trim file list.
Joins the elements of an array into a string using a separator for each element.
Writes a short to the output stream.
Sets the order by on the entity.
Replaces a string with another one.
M merger the network stream.
Pack a list of strings into a single string.
Adds a new extension to the list of extensions for this file.
Ensures that the given row array is non - null.
Returns true if this string is an argument of the form x. y. z.
Remove all children with the given type from the given node.
Set a new value at the specified offset. The value must be non - null.
Returns whether or not the given SavePoint is valid for the current state of the SavePoint
Add columns to the result set
Writes a collection of strings to a file.
Clears the list of objects and notify data set changed.
Resets the UID validity.
Write out a page header.
Handles a request for a particular site.
Removes the specified room.
if the item stack is not already in the stack and the item stack is of the same
Returns an array containing all of the elements in this list.
Adds all the elements in the given collection to the selection set.
Returns true if the specified feature is in the current mode false otherwise.
Returns the backup partitions for the given node.
Load image from url string.
Builds a row vector for the transform queue.
Converts a digest to a hex string.
Create a new line bidi with the specified start and limit.
Checks if the package is valid for the given context and auth requirements and the string package
Paints the internal frame title pane.
Adds a graph listener.
Restart and install if necessary.
Align real and pred at once. The missing labels are assumed to be present in the real
Returns whether the specified product is the category of the specified id.
Create a multi - column table with the given dataset and locker.
Append the contents of the given file to the current position. If the file does not exist
Provide white list.
Returns true if the given string is a scoped name.
Specifies the input buffer.
Load properties from a config file.
Print a single field.
Epl a list of views to a string
Remove the listeners.
Load audio map from xml file.
add an attr to the generic list
keep fahrzeit events without fahrzeit
Create a new instance of a provider.
Checks that a UUID is valid.
Writes a channel to the output stream.
Run the server manager
Writes the trace data to the output stream using the default object if no trace data is
Create a literal iv.
Adds a header to the response.
Adds a atom to the leaf.
CDF of Gumbel distribution
Remove a result.
Add a new entry and its enabled state.
Test case22.
Create a document modal dialog with a specified alias and a password quality config.
aggregate function with a string expression that returns the sum of a set of numbers.
Calculates the x component of the shadow.
Finishes the last activity.
Writes the XML to the writer.
Add a number of days to the calendar.
Create a new file with the given mime type.
Returns a vector of options.
Removes the element at the specified index from the data set.
Runs a test for the contents of a byte array.
Closes the current thread. If an naming exception occurs while closing the current thread a warning
Removes the specified object from the queue.
Create a writable raster with the specified parameters.
Create the arguments for the scheduler.
Add document to analysis.
Processes a key in the current phase of the key provider.
A simple system permission set.
Adds a beries to the current path with the given x y and x3 and
Read buckets from preferences.
Reads the next character.
Adds an offer to the list of applications accepted by this offer stream.
Verifies that the signature of the given key matches the signature of the given provider.
Injects the activity scope and the module scope.
Wait for an object to become available.
Reads a date value.
Remove a listener for selection events.
Writes an integer to the socket as a hex string.
Reads the contents of the input stream into a string.
Convert a list of type parameters into a list of maps.
Finds free space in the system for a given path.
Reads and closes the input stream.
Returns true if the i - th move is within the goal.
Reads a specific treebank and stores it in the local storage.
Unwraps the ss message from the given byte array.
This method is called when a close operation is called.
Applies data to a set of rows.
Normalize a named list.
Returns true if the given value is infinite.
z - string representation of inprogress logsegment prefix and sequence number.
Adds the given value to the categories list.
This method is used to receive data from the client. It will block until data has been
Output a type with the specified name and optionally the specified close flag.
Checks if a vector is a valid vector
Resolves a url with the given target. If the target starts with the given string
Returns the maximum depth of the given node.
Create a url array from a string.
Add all the object at the end of an array.
Fire connection closed event to listeners.
Puts a volatile int into the specified object starting at the specified offset.
Sets the field to use.
Create uri from server set
Create a navigator with given plot and axes.
Adds a new column to the model.
Sets the dimension of the array.
Add a new element in the document.
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying output stream.
Adds the first character to the end of the list.
Add an instance of the specified class.
Read the specified number of bytes from the underlying byte array starting at the specified offset.
Checks if the window is displayed expecting multiple components to be displayed.
Process run started tag.
Inserts a character at the specified offset.
Adds a new root element to the tree.
Expand to object and select the given element or tree path.
Appends a cell to the end of the cell list.
Adds a record with the specified configuration.
Ensure that the canvas has the maximum size.
Returns true if the given sequence is normalized according to the properties of the superclass.
Converts the attribute value to a string.
Unescapes a string so that it can be used as a part of another string.
Synchronously saves an entity to the data store.
Reads a copy state from the given input stream.
Write object name.
redeem a token by number and service
Returns the number of times a given color is light by the given factor.
Convert a string to a database string.
Returns the file name of the class with the given suffix.
Writes a var or function value to the output stream using the depth - first traversal.
Asserts that the qual ns is not a valid number.
Formats the float array d with the given separator and number.
Pack a string into an array of ints.
Returns the index of the last viewpoint of the specified indices or - 1 if no view
Clear the listeners list for this page.
Updates the background color of the input field based on the current value of the breakpoint condition
Removes a view from the ignored list.
Write header to output stream.
Checks to see if the given resource is currently leased by the system time.
Returns the maximum number of elements to fill a certain number of times.
Clears all cached data.
Toggles the selected section of the specified section.
Combines a list of strings to a single file.
Stops the scrolling.
Computes the kahan distance between two points. The kahan distance between
Creates a response with a fixed length message.
Returns the next event in the queue. If the queue does not have a next element an
Replaces the end point of the URL with the given string.
Makes the path ok.
Adds a member value to the constant pool.
Add whitespace to a list of strings.
Returns the qualified widget type name for the given widget node. Returns null if the node is
Reads a single atom from a byte array.
Parses the specified string into a map of strings separated by the specified separator.
Deletes the resource at the URL with the provided status code as the expected status code.
Computes the sum of the values of the current map under the given key.
Make a deep copy of the table.
Create a new configuration object and add it to this configuration object with the given prefix and key
Return map of resource names to display name.
Adds a new column to the end of the table.
Return this object as a string.
Executes a bitmap task to check if the data is the same as the data in the
Add a bitmap to the queue.
Adds a listener to the server.
Check if there are more data to read and return the number of data to be read.
Create a relation object with the given parameters.
Adds a data row to the blocklet.
Returns true if the given host is the local host or the given domain is the local domain
Calculate entropy value for each class.
Save working instances to file.
Calculate the color of the bar.
Reads characters into the specified array starting at the specified offset and increases the index by the
Adjusts the current block according to the configured indent settings.
Appends the code for the given tuple of variables to the given string builder.
Set the current planner.
Adds a button to the specified container with the specified alignment.
Returns true if the tag value matches the attribute set for the specified tag.
Convert a business object data key to a string.
Creates a usage object from a json string.
gr call enclosing call expression or argument list
Generate an image from a properties file and a iso file.
Create an actionable event.
Create a rational field with the specified provider.
Remove notifications of given type.
Unify a atom via its parent atom.
Adds a uuid to an ssf node.
Returns the offset of the given field in the object.
Adds XML information to the builder at the specified level.
Disposes the selected item.
Concatenates the given source array with the first element of the current array.
Shuts down the server thread and the sessions.
Returns whether the given string is the same as the given string.
Binds to the server socket bar.
Checks to see if the thread is interrupted while waiting for the given node. If so
Resets the output builders.
Write the current xml document to a file.
Remove a resource listener.
The main activity in the library.
Calls inform upon a similar name.
Writes the header of a random access file.
Gets the vendor property as a string.
Returns a voice result for the given string match and confidence.
Takes all the keys and values of the tree and replaces them with a new tree.
Adds a category to the default mutable tree.
Add a listener for drawer events.
Call this to edit the specified note.
Returns a new entry for the given input position and output position.
Show the action bar and hide the auto hider.
Formats the given time delta with the given separator character.
olve p times p with the specified rate.
Collapses all occurrences of the specified string to a new string.
Reads an object from a stream. If the object is not found an exception is thrown
Returns the total value of the specified column of the specified data.
Opens a file for analysis.
Finds and undos all the children.
Processes a syllable item and returns its string representation.
Remove all instances from the containers.
Draws a normal message.
Kill consist.
Start listening for a given number of milliseconds.
Returns a set containing all of the flags for the specified number.
Verify a signature.
Adds a match string to the match list.
Returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Stop tracking a job.
Returns a coefficient of the variance of the model.
Returns the string representation of this response.
Check the version of this skeleton.
upgrade this attribute to a new attribute
Convert a canonical name to a canonical name.
Append a collection element to the builder.
Unregisters a client with a acceptor and client disconnected cleanly.
Replace quotes around the given string.
Allocates a new container with the specified resource capacity and padding percentage.
Return true if the uri is the local resource scheme.
Waits for the specified file path.
Return true if this is a zone level resource.
Validate the message and throw an exception if it does not match the expected type.
Close both source and target databases.
Calculates the MD5 hash of the given message.
Compare the given job with the given input table list and output path.
Delete sub - people from a set of people.
Find recent message uids in mailbox.
Adds a new event to the queue.
Add error message.
Ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the specified target size.
Writes a new value to the map.
Query the specified handler for the specified request and return the result as a String.
Does the statistics on both links have the same link
Returns a sanitized version of the given string.
Remove a provider from the list.
Parse an xml element.
Formats a money value into a string.
Removes the specified instance from the list.
Reads settings.
Log a warning message.
Reads a string from the input stream.
Returns a vector of the specified field.
Unregisters a transaction service plugin.
Sorts two float arrays based on their ascending order.
Asserts that the current session is a consistent state of the class.
Find and initialize the map.
Remove all layers.
Returns the number of productions currently in use.
Create a new async path with optional parent path and create mode.
Writes an object to the output stream
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Set the value of the specified field of the specified object type. The field must be assign
Process event.
Remove membership listener.
Add a message to a uri.
Adds the active texture to the gl context.
Returns a clone of calendar where the day of the year and the number of the month are
Binds aangular object to the server.
Remove all the elements in the list with the specified indexes.
Add a new c node to the tree.
Returns true if this string is an object string.
Returns the interpolation between the current time and zoom time.
Requests a Modifer for all channels.
Returns true if the given object contains the given value.
Renames a file.
Handles error violations by getting the exit code and calling the system exit code.
Remove a sensor from the selection hash.
Print a way.
Returns a string containing all of the strings in this buffer.
Get the full path of an object reference.
Returns true if the next proxy is present.
Returns true if the object was clicked false otherwise.
Throws an unsupported operation exception.
Add measurement mappings to the builder.
Extract a directory of a ZIP file to a destination directory.
Set the config file.
Sets the frame to the specified line.
Write the request data to the output stream and flush the stream.
Parses more data from the specified image.
Waits for a URL that is a simple string.
Gets the length of the line.
Returns true if the given object is a prefix of the current value.
Notify the monitor of the current state of the record.
Checks if the given key - value pair exists in the array.
Remove a listener for a diagram change.
Convenient factory method to create a grid with a given number of parameters.
Strip leading whitespace from a string.
clear host context
Set the p parameter
Start the stage.
Add a data point to the chart
Create a new named range that is a sub - range of this range with the specified range
Creates and starts a new tailer.
Returns true if the current operating system is a mac operating system.
Returns the number of values currently in the cache.
d a string component or a sub component.
Trims all characters from the right side of a string.
Add an object to the queue and notify all waiting threads that the object has been added.
Disposes this menu if it has been disposed.
Get the distance between this point and point p.
Checks whether the given string is a real string and adds it to the word relation of
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements filled with zeros.
Request permission rationale.
Performs a test for setting a property on a deployable instance.
generate a new logger
create a new sub command handler
Removes all cycles from the graph.
Convert a matrix to a string.
Find the first ancestor of xctxt that match pattern and count match pattern.
Kills the process.
Encode a char buffer.
Create a new metrics object.
Resolves the class for the given class descriptor.
Check if a point is contained in the shape.
Adds an element to the end of the buffer.
Returns true if we should use the anti - alias for this context false otherwise.
Load a single level file
Reads the contents of a file and fails if the file size is zero.
Write the elements of the group to the output stream.
Apply a mask to a string
Computes the total duration of the event.
Reads the nitf header from the binary file and sets the file position to the
Takes a screenshot of the current state of the driver and returns a buffered image of that