Returns the current depth of the current node.
Returns the union of the two long arrays.
This method is called when the customizer is closing. It is called when the customizer
Returns a string representation of the model.
Returns a sector that is the union of this sector and the given one.
Returns true if the given value is equal to the given value to compare.
Test that the string is a negative number and that it is a positive integer.
Recursively walks the directory tree starting at the specified depth. If the directory is cancelled the
Returns an array containing the values of the given field in the given tuple sorted by ascending order
The division test fails if the divide exception is invalid. This test fails if the divide exception
When a dataset is changed this method will be called to update the axes of the subplots.
Creates a scheduler and sets the location of the scheduler to the given packing plan.
Checks if the given type is a string type.
Checks that the SQL statement is not blank and that the statement index is not 0.
Returns an array of the same size as the input long array.
Returns true if trace logging is enabled or false if no trace logging is enabled.
Use a missile for the given player. If the player is holding a range weapon
Create a new TCP matcher with the given network configuration. This matcher is used to match TCP
Recursive function to determine the maximum level of the graph. This is done by traversing the
Request a pass code confirmation.
Marks a worker as failed and terminates it. This method is called when a worker fails to
inserts a string into the database and checks that the number of inserted rows is equal to
Put a new entry in the map.
End an element. This method is called when the end of an element has been encountered.
Log a message at the wtf level. The message is formatted according to the arguments.
Delete all leaves with the given name from the catalog tree.
Returns a string representation of this list.
Validates the given component against the generous bit set. If the component is not generous
Remove a shutdown hook from the list of shutdown hooks.
Scrolls to the top of the stack and makes sure it is within the bounds of the
Wait for volumes to be visible.
Start additional services. This method should be overridden in subclasses to provide additional services.
Update the view with the current state of the indicator. This method is called when the indicator
Renders the image using the specified graphics context.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given event. If the event is not allowed
Returns true if the string is prefixed with the number of characters in the name.
Release any open connection. This method should be called when a connection is closed.
Adds a collection of actions to the view. The view will be shown if the view is
Adds a series renderer to the chart.
Copy the image from the input stream to the output stream. The listener will be notified when
Calculates the angle of the given value in radians.
Return a buffer to the pool.
Create a new map with the given options and values filtered by the given filter function.
Concatenate another char sequence to this char sequence.
This method is called when the client is getting a video. It sends the video to the
Notify that a state has changed. This method is called when a new state is changed.
Test that the string is equal to num and is in the same order as ecps.
Format and log a throwable. If colors are enabled the throwable will be printed to the console
Construct the redis key to store a job in the queue. This key is used to store
Decodes the given string using the given character set. If the charset is unsupported the original string
Add a domain to the list of restricted domains. If the list is empty nothing is done
A read lock that can be used to cancel the operation. The read lock is used to
test is auto increment.
Copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
Returns true if the collection is empty.
Render a frame from a native GIF file.
Checks if the given string is a valid NetCDF name. If the string is empty
Adds a message to this repeated field.
Prepare the data set.
Build the registrar array.
Checks if the given string is a valid object name. If the string is a valid object
Rebuilds the journal file.
Removes all rules from the list of rules. If an exception occurs the exception will be thrown
Add the nodes in the given DTM iterator in document order. The nodes are added in the
Check if we need to refetch data.
Create a new document type with the given name public id and system id.
Convert the field to a byte array.
Returns the enum value for the given style name or default value if the style name is not
Start the next frame in the mpeg stream.
Creates a hash map of the export masks that are placed in the given set of URIs.
Inserts an object into the array at the specified index. If the index is greater than the
Writes an image to the current page. This method does nothing if the current page is not
Put document in cache. If document is already in cache throw runtime exception. If document is
Update the progress of the job.
Copy data from the input stream to the output stream.
Fades an audio file. The audio file will be fadeed in by the specified length
Draws the glow graph on the given canvas. This method is called when the glow
Create a new class properties object from an array of classes and a properties object.
Test case 20. This test tests the sign of the number and the sign of the number
Fix the gps field of an Exif object to match the format expected by the Exif
Returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
Reads a byte from the input stream. If the byte is larger than the number of bytes
Draws the y - axis for the label label.
Returns the maximum value of the histogram.
Print the contents of the job to the given file.
Extend the groundings of this rule with the alternatives of the other rule.
Read the next token that matches the given pattern. If no token matches the parser throws an
test get table types order
Update the cache for the given file path. If the file has not been cached yet create
Remove a swipe listener.
Returns the descriptor for the given field signature. This method replaces the str character in the signature
Adds the given parameters to the request body. If the parameter array is null the request body
Annotation interface to annotation class.
Returns true if the given resource id is supported by this resource adapter.
Create a electronic text map from the given dispatch context. This method is intended to be
Adds a guard expression to the pattern. The guard expression will be executed in the context of
Intersects two lines and returns the number of intersecting lines.
Update and get removable set.
Returns the current time in milliseconds as a unix timestamp.
Returns true if the file is a PDF file. If the file is a PDF file the
draw grid background
Open a stream for reading from the file at the given path. If the file does not
Unpacks a string into a char array.
Called when the user clicks on the copy of the temporary files.
Returns the common submitter of the current thread or null if there is no common submitter
Returns true if the given attribute is a package private or public.
divide by half up pos
Converts the given string to lower case and returns the result as a new string.
load text from input stream into unit list unit type list and unit type list.
Calculates the selector radius based on the selected view size and the number of selected views.
Returns the width of the text in pixels based on the given measure. If the measure is
Test put byte array.
Method called when a new member is added to a group.
Returns the local number as a string. If the local number is not found an exception is
Convert a list of path values to pixel coordinates.
Decodes the given UTF - 8 string into a byte array.
Throws an illegal state exception if the assertion is not enabled and the expression is false.
Add an animator to the list of animators to slide in from the top of the
Set the value of val to be the same as val.
error. log. info. log. info. log. info. log. info.
Initialize the checkpoint manager with the given input stream.
Override the default implementation of the index method. This method is overridden so that it can be
Checks if the database is closed and if so returns the string. If not returns null.
Inserts a parameter value into the parameters map.
Returns the minimum layout size of the specified target container.
Select the item at the given position.
Returns a list of all possible options.
This method is called when an XML node is ignorable. It will create a text node
Waits for editor to be active.
Finds the largest objective value in the population.
Convert latm to y.
Register callback handler. If notification is enabled send notification to server. If notification is disabled send
Parse a namespace from the given input stream. The input stream will be closed after this method
Returns the current score. The current score is the sum of the current counts and the current
Estimates the grammaticality of a set of text files.
Check if a zone link is present in the input string and append it to the output string
Checks that the given array is valid.
Process a connection event. This method is called by the connection manager when a connection event is
Returns the percentage of the values contained in the given range.
Close the given closeable without throwing an exception if it fails to close the given closeable
Release a page context. If register is true the page context will be removed from the running
Add an event listener to the list of event listeners.
Returns true if the journal needs to be re - compiled.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Loads properties from the given classpath using the given class loader. If the classpath contains a resource
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object. If the given object is a
Parse a name - value pair from a string.
Called when a pull event is received.
Returns the object at the given location in the given mapping.
Parse the given file and return the result as a string. If the file does not exist
Computes the differences between two strings and returns them as a linked list of diff objects.
Creates a new repository for the given domain. If the domain is null the service name will
Count the number of tokens in the string.
Indexes a single document.
reset all the common components.
Handles the given exception with the given title and message. If the exception is thrown by the
Read the object from the given input stream. The input stream will be closed after this method
Paint the enabled state of the arrow.
Log a throwable that was thrown during a method invocation.
Test to big integer zero.
Called when the accuracy of the accelerometer sensor has changed.
Returns true if the command allows trailing arguments false otherwise.
Test that set max crl is equal to the given string. This is done by checking that
Evaluate the popup. If the mouse event is a popup trigger the bookmark menu will be created
Removes a task from the queue. If the task is already in the queue it will be
Calculates the half up of a string and compares it with another string. This is done by
Ensures that a file or directory with the given path exists.
Load a class. If the class is not found try to load it from the classpath.
Returns the short value of the given measure. If the measure is exactly the size will be
Returns true if the view at the given coordinates is a child of a clipped view.
Creates a new rule set for the given workspace. The root is the root of the workspace
Writes the given byte array to the given file. If the file does not exist it will
Adds an item to the list. If the list is full the item will be added to
Check if there are pending custom messages. If so process them and add them to the histogram
Determine the number of consecutive digits in the given sequence starting at the given position.
Parses the node and adds it to the list of nodes. If the node is not found
Calculates the scramble image height multiplier based on the current puzzle type.
Test numeric scalars.
Close all callbacks except the listener. This method is called when the cache is being closed.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of o in the given array. If o is null
Populate the profiles combo box with the given list of profiles.
Check the file header and return the base seqno. If the header is invalid throw an exception
Returns the absolute value of the left side of this vector.
Returns the OID corresponding to the given algorithm name. The algorithm name is converted to upper case
Construct a new uniform generator from the given arguments.
refills the buffer from the reader to the end of the buffer. If the buffer
When the mouse is pressed or released this method is called. If the mouse is pressed or
Adds a module to the given module list. If the module already exists it will be replaced
Returns true if the database has all tables. If the database has all tables false is returned
Classify a list of features into a list of strings. The list of strings will be
On bind header view holder.
Updates the horizontal or vertical line list depending on the current state of the radio button.
Draw a rectangle at the specified coordinates. The rectangle will be drawn at the specified coordinates.
Refresh the loading views size.
Replaces the split element at the given index with the given split element.
Add the start of an item list to the result.
Returns the initial number of splits. The initial number of splits is the number of records per
Garbage collection when a mouse is clicked.
Scan the given source directory for files that match the given includes and excludes.
Returns true if there is a next postponed route or false if there are no more
Returns true if there is at least one widget in the list.
Sets the path component of the URI. The path component is assumed to be relative to the
Get an attribute as an int.
Reads the entire contents of the given reader and returns it as a string. Closes the
Adds a new getter for the given property number and property name. The getter will be added
Marks the given entry as used in the current time.
Override this method to customize the execution of the command.
Called when the state machine is in the left state. This is called when the state machine
Registers a new signature algorithm implementing the given class. If the class is already registered an exception
Load the settings from a file. The file is expected to contain a JSON object containing the
Checks if the given character sequence contains a word breaking character.
Checks if there are any interior intersections between the strings in the segment list.
Removes the specified object from the list. If the list is empty the method returns false.
Composes a unary operator between two operators. Returns null if the operator cannot be composed.
add cdc columns at the front of the list. cdc columns at the end are
Convert a field name to a java field name.
Generate a random secret key. This key will be used as the confidentiality key
Checks if the given expression is true. If it is false an illegal argument exception is thrown
Executes the given SQL statements. If any of the given SQL statements fail the exception is thrown
Rebuilds the journal file.
Refresh the done button.
Create a new migration task and add it to the page.
Expands the buffer to the specified number of bytes. If the buffer is full the buffer
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Closes the cursor and removes it from the map.
Returns true if the next token matches the given pattern or false if there are no more tokens
Pushes an integer onto the stack. The stack is pushed onto the stack if possible.
Creates an XML node with the given name attributes and content.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position. If the position is greater than the
Notifies the wait object that the task has completed with the given exception. If the task
Transform a source stream with a stylesheet. The stylesheet can be null if no stylesheet is specified
Splits a string into a list of strings with the default delimiter escaped.
Reads available data from the input stream blocking if necessary. If the input stream is full the
Deletes an obligation from the state machine. The obligation is removed from all
Clip the right side of the view to the right side of the screen.
Create a new package content from a byte buffer and a length of a block of data.
Checks the coverage of the subspace.
Find all the values in the given string and return them as a set of integer values.
Returns the index of the given element in the given array or - 1 if not found.
Append a string value to a property. If the property already exists it will be appended to
Compares this certificate with another certificate.
Adds a BETWEEN clause to the SQL statement.
Encode a string into a byte array.
Returns the histogram of the values in the time serie.
Computes the weight of the given node and all of its children.
Initializes the search engine.
Add a field to the query.
Combines two completion stages by applying a function to each stage and then returning the result.
Build the create schema statement for this replicator.
Test neg pos first shorter.
Initialize a stream manager with the given api and listener. The listener will be notified when a
Returns the sentence as a conjunction of this conjunction. The conjunction is a conjunction of this conjunction
Returns true if the type is a pronoun.
Append a short field type to the string builder.
Tokenize a string into a vector of tokens separated by the given separator. If the separator
Backup favorites.
Updates the rolling average with the current time since the last call to this method.
Validates the payment product and returns a list of validation error messages for each field in the payment
Get the current state of the key store. This is used to determine if the key store
The result of the encryption operation. This method is called when the encryption operation is complete.
Called when the slider value changes. This method will be called when the slider value changes.
Parse a list of strings delimited by the given delimiter.
Initialize the grid layout.
Returns true if the animation is running or false if the animation is not running.
Create mosaic definition.
Creates a new result object with the given node clauses and rel node.
Set the default SSL context to trust all HTTPS certificates. This is done by setting the default
Returns true if the given component is in need of form.
Adds the internal listener to the distribution. The listener will be added to the distribution when the
Returns the square root of x or - 1 if x is less than or equal to num
Runs a series of calls in parallel using a grid test safe thread factory.
Append a character to the buffer. If the buffer is full the char will be appended to
Initializes the owner references for the given field. This method is called by the state manager when
Builds a union sub - query with the given parameters.
Adds a new node to the graph at the given point.
Increases the counter by one. If the current accuracy is greater than the current accuracy the
Revert a list of files to a new version in a given virtual file.
Concatenate multiple float arrays into a new array. The resulting array will have the same length
Get the next tagged value from the given line. If the line contains only letters digits and
Ascends the tree of the file. If the file does not have a parent this method
Returns true if the underlying stream can be read. This method returns false if the underlying stream
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given byte array starting at the given offset.
Called when an item is dismissed.
PDF for normal distribution
Creates a copy of the given object array and sorts it according to the given comparer.
Add a zoom listener to be notified when a new zoom is added to the map.
Clear all registers from instruction start to instruction end. If start is after the instruction end the
Fired when an annotation is selected.
Verifies that the server evidence message is the same as the given one. If the message is
Handle a text message. This is called when the text is received from the user.
Remove a service from the registry. If the service is a custom service it will be removed
Returns a reference to the attribute of the given string. If include dummies is true
Overrides the default writer method to return a writer that writes the result to the given output stream
Returns true if the cookie is expired at the given date.
Add a record to the album. The record will be saved in the album s view hierarchy
Checks if the given method and arguments match the proxy signature.
The remainder of a number is the same as the sign of the remainder of the number.
Clear the builder.
r Returns the distance between two vectors.
Check backup info.
Returns a copy of the string s with all characters lower - cased.
test constructor sign bytes negative3
Build an OPUS comment.
Assert that the received event bean has the given property values inserted into the expected array and removed
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Converts the given string to upper case. If the string is null or empty returns null.
Returns an iterator over all of the edges required by this graph.
Unlocks the given lock state. If the given state is not the current thread of the
Format the given text as a Java doc box with the given javadoc words and single line words
Force number string to two digits.
Adds a drop item to the list of drops.
Finds entities by primary keys. The primary keys must be non - null and non - empty
Load the workflow into the session.
Returns the hash code of this certificate.
Removes a tag from the list of tags.
Verifies the signature of the data against the public key of the given public key.
deletes a web app directory and all of its contents.
Asserts that two iterators have the same elements and have the same elements in the same order.
Returns the formatted finished percentage for the given rollout group. If the rollout group is not ready
Generates a host name for the given VM name and host id.
Transfer the contents of the given file into the output stream.
Unwraps a string in the form of a string that starts with the given string.
m pie segment.
Draw the next event time.
Creates the lines from the given text and returns the number of lines created.
Returns the square root of the given number.
Computes the number of transitions between the two given points.
Returns a string representation of the bits of the given long.
URL - encodes the given byte array according to the given bit set. If urlsafe is
This method is called when a message is received from a client. It is called by the
Wait for a competition. If the competition is interrupted the thread will be interrupted.
Load translations cache if not empty.
Enables or disables the mouse navigation. The mouse cursor is the predefined crosshair of the
Add an event to the set. The event will be added to the set if it is
Stop the timer with the given name.
Returns the summary of the table as a string. The summary is the first column of the
Creates a temporary directory with the given path. If the directory does not exist it will be
Add a horizontal span to the plot.
extend to whole connections
Creates a new key builder with the given capacity collator strength and decomposition.
Returns a list of possible parents of the given node x in the given list of nodes.
Load properties from the given input stream and set the property prefix to the given root directory.
Open a new connection. If the url starts with the string execute the statement. If the
Adds relations to a task.
do a bddp on the given switch of the given node.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Verify that the write set is not found in the given B - tree.
Calculate the entropy of a given set of masses.
Returns true if the given string is a valid NMToken false otherwise.
Parse a double value from the given parse string. If the parse string is not a number
Put a string into the buffer. The string must be encoded as UTF - 8.
Adds a rtcp event listener to the list of listeners to be notified when an event is
Ensure that the number of columns is the same as the number of columns in the data.
This method is called when an error occurs. It is called when an error occurs.
Connects to a bridge at the given file descriptor with the given address and port.
Returns true if the specified node is a whitespace node. If the node is a text node
Adds a label and synchronizer to the dialog. The debugger provider will be used to determine
Open the image file with the specified access level. If the access level is the same as
Deregisters a spring.
Returns the file name of the delegate logger. If the delegate logger does not have a file
Parse a string of length n and return a b object. If the string does not start
Reset the pilot to its initial state. This method is called when the pilot is
Sorts the given byte array using the quicksort algorithm. The byte array is assumed to be
Close the sub - popup and remove it from the parent.
Free the object with the given id. If the id is the same as the current object
Stretch the view vertically.
Convert a hex string to an inet6 address.
Sets the failure time and adjusts the backoff factor based on the multiplier and the maximum backoff
Reads a double value from the stream.
Returns true if the bar is at the maximum visible value.
Returns true if the given sequence starts with the current position in the queue.
Parse the tile set and add it to the map tile sets.
Computes the date from the given value. If the value is not a date null is returned
Enable the PAN on the given adapter. If the adapter is already on the PAN
Returns the distance between two points.
URL constructor.
Creates a new volume method from the given arguments.
Sends a file command to the specified file descriptor with the specified result code and parameters.
Initializes this widget with a manual widget.
Create a new SSL factory to trust all hosts.
Returns the maximum value of the distribution.
Get the user code form.
Test mission name construction.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object.
Release the resource. This method is called when the resource pool is no longer needed.
Close the output writer and unregister all of the receivers from the context and close the output writer
Resolves a list of paths into a list of file paths. If the path is a directory
Test method for getting an instance of a class.
Reloads the configuration. This method should be called when the configuration has been changed.
Removes a message processor from the list of registered message processors. If the message processor is already
Sets the issuer principal and serial number of the given certificate.
Adds an edge to the given set.
Puts a byte array into the buffer at the current position and increases the position by the
Convert an array of objects to a delimited string.
Clear all encoded images from the cache.
Create a color object from a string representation of a color. Attributes can be null or empty
Creates a new Lua state and adds it to the list of Lua states.
Check that the given memory has enough preamble to hold the given number of longs.
Reads the next number of bytes from the input stream. If the input stream is closed the
Limits the current clip point to be between the two specified points. The current clip point is
Shuts down the task pool. This method will wait for all tasks to finish and will
Convert a collection of strings to a collection of inet addresses.
Removes all new line chars from the given string. If the given string is null or empty
Calculates the total number of feeds and categories in the database. This method is thread - safe
Append the given character to the given string builder. If the given character is not a string
Migrates the columns of the current table into a collection of variables for the current table.
Returns the number of rows in the specified table or 0 if there are no rows in the
Modifies the given jar file. This method is called when the jar file is opened.
Adds an attribute to the table.
Returns a new b object with the given key and value converted to a string.
Sort the elements of an array in ascending order using the specified comparator. The elements are sorted
Returns true if this is a sip server transaction.
Add a new occurrence to the list of occurrences. The occurrence is added to the list of
Reads len bytes from the given input stream into the given buffer starting at the given offset.
Assumes that the given value is true. If it is false an exception is thrown with
Add a catalog to the shopping cart. This method is used to add a catalog to
Adds a set of frequent items to the set.
Skips the given number of bytes from the current buffer and returns the number of bytes skipped
Remove volumes from cg.
Show a list of URLs and ask the user to select a number of options.
Convert a mouse event to a cell index.
Compute the regular expression to match the given old name or new name in the given string.
Generate a unique call identifier.
Parse an hour from the given source string and return the number of days since the epoch.
Handles key events on the history. This method is called when a key is pressed on the
Substitutes the given substitution with the given array of types and returns the resulting array.
Returns a collection of all known transports.
Request the password policy state to be idle for a period of time until the password policy is
Hive databases.
Test neg first shorter.
Hacky adjuster function. This is a bit of a hacky but it s
Convert a base64 encoded string to an object.
Copy a document to a new document. If a property with the same name exists in the
Computes the SVD of a matrix.
Release the lock for the given distributed member. If the member is the same as the given
Unicasts a reference to this object.
Returns the last index of the given object in the given array starting from the given index.
Writes a buffer to the audio file. The buffer must be large enough to hold all the
Returns the dmod of the given lhs and rhs. If rhs is not num return the
This test tests that the maximum value is less than or equal to the given value.
Blocks the current thread if the current state is not idle. If the current state is idle
Move the cursor to the given mouse position.
Puts count float values from the given float array into this buffer starting at the given offset.
Returns true if the given IP address is contained within the given CIDR prefix and mask.
Acquire a distributed lock on the given object. If the object is already locked the method returns
Check if the cookie is present in the current request and if so return the score. If
Select files from the selected directory. If multiple selection is set to true the files will be
Set the type to be greater than the specified number of items. The size of the array
Read the entire contents of the input stream and close the input stream.
Parse the given SQL statement and return a new SQL object.
Puts a long value into the memory at the given offset.
Called when a response is received from the server. This method is called when a response is
Generates a cryptographically secure salt with the given number of rounds and random number generator.
Checks if the given key is part of the partitioned region. If the key is null
buffer number to string.
Run init script if required.
Parse an integer from the given string starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Print an object to the standard output stream.
Checks that the given array is finite.
Initialize the keyboard buttons.
Returns true if the current context is a new context. If the current context is a new
Finds the relative path from the given file path to the given directory path.
This method is called when the manager is no longer needed. It should only be called once
Test and not neg first longer.
Generates a random string of the specified number of characters.
This method is called when the rate manager is being used. It adds the known rates to
Removes an attribute from the list of attributes. If the name is null then all attributes are
Evicts the given key from the cache.
Checks if the exception is a unique contraint error. If the exception is a postgre
Thrown when a configuration error occurs. This method is called when a configuration error is encountered.
Adds the fill components to the given panel.
Insert the used context prefixes into the buffer. This method is called when there are no context
Adds the specified duration to the current put time and delegates to the delegate if any.
Pre - computes the hashes for the given data using murmur3 - bit hashing.
Get the elevation at a given latitude and longitude. If the latitude or longitude is outside the
Create a new observed object with the given object name.
Deletes all the children of the given element.
Recursively saves the initial state of the given component and its children. This method is called recursively
Returns true if there is an overlap between the start and the end contacts.
Ensures that the given value is not null.
Read a list of strings from an XML input stream.
Pads the given string to the right with the given minimum length.
Returns an enumeration of the measures of this measure.
Called when the send task has completed.
Add a button to the button panel. The button will be displayed in the button panel.
Clear all keys that are not yet in use. If the size is greater than the maximum
Creates a list of fields for the given window no tab no and ad id.
Draw an interleaved raster using the specified sample model and data buffer. The data buffer is
copy local file to carbon store
Fling backward the scrollable object.
Convert a string to a double. If the string cannot be parsed as a double then return
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an event is received.
Returns true if this feature set is stable or false if the feature set is not stable.
m calculates the size of the demo text and stores it in the specified output.
Initializes the field values and validates the field values. This method is overridden to ensure that the
Converts the buffer to a string.
Write an image to an output stream.
Called when the state of the slider changes. This method is called when the slider changes.
Writes the content to the given file.
Checks if the given url is a file or vfs URL.
Updates the current status for the given relay state. If the current status is already in the
Convert an OID string to an array of integers.
Get a list of all servers in a given site.
Creates a generic editor dialog with the given parent.
Returns true if the given styled layer descriptor contains in - line features false otherwise.
Decodes the given input stream into a byte array. The input stream will be closed after this
Run the finalization of the application. This method should be called after the application has been
display all string defined in string. xml
Check if the request content length is greater than or equal to the max content length of the
Adds a foreign key constraint to the query.
Create the voice recognition button.
Pushes a notification to the server.
Append a JSON key and value to the given JSON string builder. If the value ends with
Updates the configuration from the given resources.
Deselect the item at the given index. If the index is greater than the number of
Returns true if the given node is a leaf node false otherwise.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a drones are discovered
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Parse a vector from a string.
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance to the specified output object.
Wraps the given session with the current session and stores the current time in this object.
Sends a batch request to the server with a single response. The batch request is expected to
Returns the path to the directory where the program is located.
Clear the route sensors.
Converts a string to a keystore type. If the string cannot be converted to a keystore type
Returns the next mapper in the stack. If there is no previous mapper it returns null.
Converts a character to a digit. If the digit cannot be converted to a digit an exception
Return a JSON representation of this Diaspora.
Load a key store from a file. If the file is not found null is returned.
m pc support. remove property change listener
Returns whether precaching is enabled or not.
Sets this bit set to the result of the logical AND of the other bit set.
Returns true if this entry is equal to the given object. If the object is not an
Returns true if the lockdown profile is valid. If the profile is invalid returns false.
Returns true if the file extension matches one of the given extensions. If no extensions are given
Add a from clause to the query.
Decode an ANSI x12 segment.
Creates a new kdb database from the given input stream. The input stream must be closed
Decodes a part of a diff that is an addition of a block of bytes to a text
Sorts the elements of this vector in ascending order. The elements will be sorted in ascending order
Rebuilds the panel with the given media files. This method is called when the panel is
Process a set of bytes from the input buffer. This method is called when the input buffer
Returns the absolute path of the given file object as a string. The absolute path of the
Go to next page.
Returns null if the current time is greater than the number of milliseconds. If the current time
Returns an unmodifiable list of the IDs of the types in this collection.
Generate a batch of delete statements for the given rules. The batch includes the table name and
Returns true if the given element is already visited.
Creates a new connection to the AWS IoT API.
Creates a new completable future that is exceptionally completed with the given throwable.
Initialize the forecast errors based on the model and the data.
Checks if the given mouse event has the correct modifiers.
Emit the list of variables that are retained in the scope of this scope. This is used
Creates a new URI from the given components.
Returns the top n translations of the given hypergraph. The top n is the number of
Returns the next character in the string or - 1 if the end of the string is reached
is snapshot full copy supported
Returns a list of all the services in the system.
Strips all code sentences from the given string and replaces them with their corresponding code sentences.
Divide by half even and neg2.
Returns the value of the quantile p at the given alpha and beta. If p is less
Validates the signed data against the given certificate and signature. The certificate and signature must have been
Returns the number of elements in the sequence.
test add servlet run as role
Test case 15.
Add a field to the query. The field must be non - null and must not be
Prints a message on the console with a line break.
Accumulates the given entity with all its children. The entity must have a root field
Test whether the GPX is invalid XML.
Returns a string representation of this number.
Returns true if the given member is an accessor pair of the given member and the second is
Creates a date format with the time zone set to UTC. The time zone is set to
Write a KML file linked to a KML file.
Returns the path to the file to be uploaded. This is the path to the file in
Refresh the list of users or groups from the server.
Initialize the panel. This method is called when the panel is created. The panel will be
Returns a list of default headers for the request.
Removes all parsys from the web page.
Sends a request to the server.
Register a new client.
Parse the given input stream with the given base URI. The base URI must be the same
Parse a date from a string using a collection of formats. If no formats are provided the
Removes the property with the given name from the JSON object.
Finds all loops in the code. The first loop is the first loop in the code.
Generate the hive test files.
Rename an editor panel.
Returns true if the given column fits in a single line. If the column does not fit
This method is called before the method is called. It is called before the method is called
Convert spherical coordinates to world coordinates.
Replaces all occurrences of the target char sequence with the replacement character sequence. The replacement character sequence
URL - encode the given string using the default URL encoding scheme.
Draws a rendered image using the given xform. This method does nothing if the image is
Skip to the end of the line.
Returns an independence test for a subset of the given variables.
Read the seeds from the given file. The seeds are read from the given file. The
Formats the given number of milliseconds into a human - readable string.
Adds a property change listener to the list of listeners for the specified property. The listener will
Creates a new folder containing the given directory. If the given directory already exists it will be
Adds typed array to poet.
Add a sub action to the list. If the type is null then the action will be
Fills the given tree with the leaf entries at the given row.
Returns true if the left collection contains at least one element in the right collection.
Asserts that the duration is in the range specified by the given number of milliseconds. If the
Log the difference between the database and the high water mark. If the database and high water
Adds an lyrics3 image to the lyrics3 image list.
Creates a new resource with the given mimetype and the current time in milliseconds.
Parses the arguments and checks that all the required keys are present and that all the required keys
Mel to lin frequency.
Generate a rounded icon with the specified width height corner radius background color and text size.
Returns a random byte array of the given size.
Returns a string representation of the Bloom filter.
Copy a byte array into the message buffer starting at the current position and moving the position forward
Returns true if the token has expired within the default expiration timeout or false if the token has
Put a boolean value into the JSON object. If the key already exists it will be replaced
Writes an attribute to the given XML writer with the given prefix namespace and attribute name and value
Handles the selection of the given item. If the item is not selectable it is ignored.
Returns true if the assetwk is non - null and if the assetwk is non -
Writes the HTTP response header to the output stream.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a byte array. This method will throw an exception if
Fade out all layers.
Packs the tree into descending order. The order of the tree is not guaranteed to be
Adds a text change listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when text changes are
Returns an iterator over the profiles in this collection.
Returns true if the given string starts with a space character.
Adds the prefix to the given path and adds the prefix to the given path.
Returns the level of the given key. The key is split on str and the number of
Called when a mouse is dragged. This method resizes the plot and generates the graphics
Initialize a dynamic caching http headers filter.
Adds a component to the list of common components. If the component already has a common component
Asynchronously fulfills the specified condition. If the condition is not satisfied the current thread will
Load a list of general subtrees into the table.
Returns the next character in the buffer or - 1 if there are no more characters to read
Returns true if the healthcheck is disabled.
Writes the contents of the string to the given file.
Make a tree of writables from a flat list of pairs.
Returns the angle between two points.
Move the cursor to the beginning of the table.
Returns true if the slider is enabled or false if the attribute selection panel is not enabled.
Renders the foreground if highlighting is enabled and printing is not enabled.
Creates a new modbus transaction with the same transport as this one.
Start the thread that will be run in the background. If the thread is already running this
Exports an object. The name is the name of the object. If name is null the
Creates the DBFFDC directory if it doesn t already exist. If it does exist it
Reads a character sized string from the given input stream.
Process the children of the current node in the tree. If the children are larger than num
Initialize the messages list.
Creates a new queue with the given name and cache size. The queue is created in the
Writes the given objects to the given string builder and returns the builder.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given event set descriptor.
Create a new post open graph action.
Shows the loading state of the gauge.
Reads an external model from the specified input stream. The input stream must be an external model
Computes the median absolute error of the array. The median is assumed to be greater than or
This method is called when an exception is thrown from the SDP server. This method is
Links the given node as the first element of the list. If the list is full the
Notify the listeners of a property change.
Returns true if the given template indicates a read operation. If the template indicates a read operation
Displays a slider with a value between min and max. The slider will be set to the
Apply the attributes to a tactical symbol.
Increases the number of idle requests for the given status and updates the last idle time.
Creates a remote service descriptor from the given base url and request factory.
Reads the journal from the given file descriptor. If the journal is full the contents of the
Start the server and wait for it to be running.
Returns true if the operation is complete.
Encodes a string into a QR code and returns the result as a byte array. The width
Puts count bytes from the given int array into the buffer starting at the given offset.
Adds a header to the request. If the header already exists it will be overwritten.
Update the UI of this widget.
Generate the extension manager.
Submits a task to the pool. If the pool is full the task will be executed
Checks if the given bucket name is valid. Throws an exception if the name is invalid.
Validate the user namespace authorization key and permissions in the create request.
Format the given object as a string.
Calculates the difference between the x and y data and calculates the correlation and the probability of the
Returns true if the given group can be deleted.
Close the given closeable without throwing any exceptions. This is useful for closing a closeable
Receives a message from the queue without waiting for it to arrive.
Removes a range of elements from the array.
Refills the buffer from the reader into zz. If the buffer is full it will
Stop the BK and clean up any temporary files that were created by the BK.
Adds the given criteria to the list of ored criteria.
Release the selections for the given items.
Reads the hub link mapping table from the specified file. The file must contain the name of
Delete a load from the load list. If the load does not exist nothing is done.
Returns the compute state for the given aws id and vm name. Returns null if the compute
Creates a string from an array tag.
Remove the given argument from the given list and return the insertion index. If the argument is
Replace a policy in the resource tree. If the policy does not exist it will be created
Creates an atomic double array of the specified length.
Copy the file from the source to the destination. If the destination file does not exist it
Recomputes the seperation of the algorithm.
Makes an image square. If the input is already square returns it. Otherwise returns the input
Handle a lost entry in the routing table.
Write a start element with the given local name.
Add a process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurence of the search string with the replace string.
Put a byte into the buffer at the specified index.
Configures the common turnout operation.
Generates a cryptographically secure salt with the given number of rounds and random number generator.
Draws the description if it is not the same as the current description. If the current description
Parses a free space string into a number of bytes. If the number is less than the
Returns the interlanguage link of the given language or null if the language is not found.
Update the actions for the given address space. If the address space is not loaded the action
Creates a parallel flux from the given source with the given parallelism. The source is expected to
Delete all files in a directory on JVM exit.
Add a gumball to the game view. The gumball will be played
Adds a segment to the recycle bin and returns the number of segments added to the bin.
delete 6.
Create a new channel and add it to the list of channels.
Changes the size of this point and returns a new point with the new size.
Insert a new row into the given source buffer at the given offset. The source buffer and
Add the default deploy directory to the list of default deploy directories.
Transfers a range of numbers from the beginning to the end of the sequence.
Calculates the perpendicular line distance between two points.
Returns a copy of this big integer.
Run the test.
Get the patch fix ids property as a string.
Read the entire contents of the buffer into the specified byte array. The length of the byte
Checks if the current SDK version is jellybean or later.
Computes the partial correlation probability for a given number of samples and a given number of samples.
Returns true if the command is enabled or false if it is not enabled.
Validates the signature. If the signature is not enabled the message will be set to invalid.
Adds an action listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a response is received
Calculates the log likelihood of the data.
Returns true if the automaton has dead states from the initial automaton.
Subtracts the given decimal from this decimal and returns the result as a new decimal.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this edge. If the given object is not
Skip the next character in the line and report the position of the next character in the line
List volumes on the host.
Convert a base64 encoded string to a byte buffer.
Performs a single step of the progress bar. The progress will be set to the number of
Load the characters from the input stream into the given string builder. The input stream will be
Create a signature from the given XML string.
Creates an arbitrary length path from two nodes. The path is defined as a join group.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the wheel changes.
scan number directive.
Convert an array of bits to a bit string.
Convert samples from a byte buffer to signed 16 - bit samples.
Check if the given token is valid for the given node id ip port and lookup key.
Writes an attribute to the given XML writer. If the namespace is the same as the current
Expands all nodes in the tree.
Describe the vocabularies.
This test method is used to invoke any method in a thread pool. This test method is
This method is called when a signal is triggered. It is called when a signal is triggered
Generate a list of x - values from from to to.
Compare to diff signs 1. This test fails if the number is less than or equal to
Add an attribute to the given service. If the attribute already exists it will be overwritten.
Set the default query string decoder for the given URI. The default charset will be used.
Convert an RGB color to a CMYK color.
Display an error message with the given message. The number of the error is set to the
Parse a name - value pair from a header value.
Strips chars from a string that are not in a bag.
Returns the cosine of the given radians.
This method is called when the application is being destroyed. It is called when the application is
Remove a vetoable change listener.
determines if a file exists and if it s size is the same as the size
Create a windows file attributes object from a find data call.
Write a map to an XML stream.
Fires an event programmatically. If the event is not consumed the event will be
Returns true if the given json value has a full entry or false if it doesn t.
Returns true if the given resource is a module.
Writes an annotation to the stream.
Converts an IPv4 address to an unsigned 32 - bit integer.
Checks if a revision contains a template with the given name.
Get a list of all account info requests for your domain. You can specify a date to
Returns a new list containing all elements of this list plus all elements of the given arguments.
Walks the parse tree and calls the listeners for each entry in the listeners list.
Reads a single char from the input stream.
Compares two dates truncating them to the specified field and returning the result of the comparison.
Split a string into two parts. The first part is the first part and the second part
Checks if the given string is a book search URL.
Returns the file path for the given class name. The path is relative to the file root
Removes a prefix from the list of prefixes. If the prefix does not exist nothing happens.
Sends this message to one or more distributed members. If multicast is true the message will be
Checks if the given service is relevant to the given list of attributes.
Returns true if o1 == o2 false if o1 is null or o2 is
Finds the car by road number. If no car is found - 1 is returned.
Canonicalizes a class name to a slashed class name. If the class name is already
Calculates the precision of a given set of numbers. This is the average probability of the number
Creates a new location with the given name. If a location with the given name already exists
Closes the pool. If the pool is full the pool is closed immediately. If the pool
Remove an OMA from the list of stored downloads for the given download id.
is android sdk dir in local properties file
Returns true if the given bundle contains token information. If the bundle is null returns false.
Resets the policy to the default values.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given event. If the event is the same
Returns the element of o that is the power of o to the power of o.
Invoke a static method on the given class with the given name and return the result.
Reads a chunk from the input stream and undumps it into a Lua function.
Adds a button to the toolbar. The button will be placed at the bottom of the toolbar
Add a mapping between a request and a response source.
This method is called when the user changes the value of the input field. This method is
Splits the given string into an array of strings using the given separator.
Insert a twin instruction into the stack.
Creates a new instance of this class.
Parser for a format specifier.
Appends the elements of the iterator to the string builder.
Returns true if the queue is full or false if the queue is full.
Schedule a playlist save if it is not already in progress.
Returns true if any of the variables in the stack are to be read false otherwise.
Navigates to the prior demo when an action is performed.
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Returns a new integer value from the given integer.
Log a message at level verbose. If the log level is greater than verbose the message will
Saves all the indexes that have changed since the last time this method was called.
Calculate the match bitap score.
move the cursor to a new y - coordinate. If the y - coordinate is outside the
Put all entries in the given map into this map. The size of this map will be
Inserts the given string at the given location and returns an undoable object that can be used
Returns the byte value as a string.
Write data to the stream. This method will block until the data is sent to the stream
Copy the contents of the input stream to the output stream and close the output stream.
Check if the number of bookies is up to the specified number of times.
Transform the source vector by the destination vector by rotating the source vector and then applying the
Checks if the given code should fail with the given class. If the code throws an exception
Sends a packet to the specified destination.
Process an attribute of type T_YESNO into a boolean value.
Load a list of key name pairs from the database. The list is sorted by key name
Returns a list of work orders that match the given criteria. Work orders are ordered by their
Sets the week of the year. The year is set to the last week of the year
Queues a resource for execution. This method is thread - safe and should not be called directly
Encode and sign the certificate request with the given name subject public key attribute set and signature.
Schedule a task at a fixed period. If the timer already exists it will be re -
Abbreviates the given string by abbreviating all whitespace characters up to the given width
Stop the wraparound test if it is running and the test is still running.
Checks that the given row index is within the dimension of the table.
Clear out the symbols. This is done by filling in the main hash and names arrays.
Determine the enemy blitz strength.
Joins the given identifier into a new identifier. The identifier must be in the form of an
Try to parse the given date string and return the local date time. If the parse fails
Returns a string representation of this exception.
Returns true if the given character is a white space character.
Removes a filter from the list of filters.
Removes the classifiers with the given indices. If no indices are given all classifiers are
Adds a property change listener to the list of property change listeners. The listener will be notified
Returns the number of checkpoints currently in progress.
Adds an object to the list. If the list is full the object will be selected.
Add a list of urls to listen on.
Adds a set of virtual arrays to the set of assigned virtual arrays. The set of virtual
Returns true if the given cell is editable.
Drop the current connection in the trash. This is a no - op if the connection is
Concatenates the given arrays into a list of values.
Adds an iterator to the graph. The iterator will iterate over all edges in the pattern.
Validate custom catalog.
Execute a runnable in a pooled thread pool.
Returns true if the given string is a SSDP body false otherwise.
Adds a child to the widget. If the child is already a child of the widget it
Restores the sorting selection to the given lead and model. This method is called when the
Returns a byte array containing the contents of this buffer. The returned array will be empty if
Cleans up the mute screen.
Consume the specified number of events until the condition is true or the timeout is reached.
Updates the UI from the given command.
Compares to zero and returns true if they are equal and false if they are not.
Returns a random integer in the range [ mean sd ).
Compute the percent of the over scroll.
Sets the size of the vector to the specified number of elements. The size of the vector
Process an invite request. If the request is not already in a transaction it will be created
Returns the ignite logger for the given object. If the object is not already in the
Read the receive delay.
Write the given number of indents up to the given number of times.
Returns the hash code of this list.
Parses a string into an integer.
Returns true if the current node is not a method declaration and false if the current node is
Pushes a float value onto the stack.
This method is called when a motion event is received. This method is called when the user
Remove a batch clusterer from the list of listeners. This method is thread - safe.
Creates a new held lock grant with the given expiration date and creation date.
Remove an object from the list of known objects.
Wraps the given byte array in a heap - based store.
Parse a json value as a string. If the value is not a string return null.
test value of long negative2
Inserts the specified element before the specified element at the specified index in the list.
Grows the next array by the size of the array and copies the contents of the grid
Computes the sided plane between two vectors. If the plane is on the side of the
Returns true if the input stream is a gzip stream. The input stream must be closed.
Insert a new operation at a given position and add it to the end of the list.
Clear the state of this instance.
Register a decayable object.
Fail if x does not contain expected output.
Remove a class from the registry.
Test that the future failed with an exception.
Override paint to set the color spectrum and the cursor to draw the frequencies and the cursor.
Destroys the dynamic class loader. This method is called when the dynamic class loader is destroyed
delete an attachment point from the datapath. return true if the point was deleted false otherwise.
Returns the total number of files that have been recovered.
Process the given md5 model and create an anim game item. The default colour is used
Deletes a user from the given experiment.
Format the given object into a string. If the object is a date it will be parsed
Compare and set the wait status for the given node.
Create a thread dump.
Check if the audio stream can be started. If so start it. If not start it
Returns true if the input string matches any of the given filter strings false otherwise.
Removes the first element from the list and returns it. If the list is full this method
Initialize the document builder.
Return the intercept standard deviation at the standard deviation of this distribution.
Creates the missing values in the database. This method is used to create the missing values in
Normalise the given path by replacing all occurrences of the str character with the real str character
Start the launch notification thread.
Expands the hidden dir in the given filename to include only the hidden files.
Try to queue the current buffer. If the current buffer is empty return false. Otherwise return
Updates the value of this component with the given value. If the component is a text form
Returns true if there are any remaining bytes in the input stream false if there are no more
Append the parameter signature to the given buffer.
Completes the heartbeat with the given sequence number and event id. This method should be called
Decrypts a block of data using the specified key. The key must be a private key
Load the private key from the file.
Remove a listener that will no longer be notified of changes to the categories of the snapshot.
Returns true if this distribution has an unsupported critical extension false otherwise.
Returns true if the string is not in the array.
Returns a shallow copy of the given node or import it if deep is true.
Destroys the current context. This method is called when the context is no longer needed.
Initializes the connection pool. This method is called when the connection pool is ready to be used
make a url from a shard
Returns an input stream reader for this request with the specified character set.
Compress the rendered image to a byte array using the given color model.
Adds a new vertex to the graph with the given id.
Configures the local services.
Returns the index of the first character in the given sequence starting from the given index.
Append the characters in the given string to the end of this string.
Pushes a function onto the stack. The function will be executed in the context of the
Returns a string representation of this number with the given depth. If the number is greater than
Creates a new column descriptor for the given column name and JDBC type and default value.
Removes years from the given list that do not match the given year pattern.
Called when a localizable message is received. This method is called when a localizable message
Validate a bean.
Insert text after a bracket. This method is used to insert the text after a bracket.
Attempts to choose a formatting pattern based on the given number. If no formatting pattern is available
Fill the picks.
Create a copy of the base field config.
test constructor sign bytes zero null3
cast to a specific type of object.
Delete a file on JVM exit. If the file is a directory it will be deleted.
Initializes the object with the given meta and data. The meta and data can be null.
Prints an annotation from the editor. The annotation is printed to the editor at the current position
Adds a point to the end of the ring. If the ring is already in the ring
Loads a configuration from the given reader. The reader is closed after this method returns.
Adds an offsetted item to the list.
Adds an annotation to an XML element.
Reads a boolean from the stream.
Returns an enumeration of the measures contained in this measure.
Returns the logarithm of the gamma function of the given alpha value.
Starts the animation. The animation will start at the current time. The animation will start at
Returns the cipher suite value of id1 and id2. If id1 and id2
Creates a new pending action context.
Show droidsafe text markers for the given class.
Resolve a new expression into a set of types. If the expression is not a new expression
Pick up to three sizes. The smallest size will be used as the largest size and the
Verifies the given log record with the given mac.
Copy the given transferable object to the current thread s clipboard.
Formats the download size and file size as a percentage of the download size and the file size
Updates the actions based on the current state of the editor.
Make an immutable collection from a mutable collection.
Track all the images of a given hex.
m simple text format
Returns true if the node is processed or false if it is not.
Power on the first synthesizer in the list of synthesizers.
Fetch the triangulation of the given edge and return it. If include frame is true
Generate a collection of CRLs from the given input stream. The input stream must be closed
Delete an entity s configuration. The entity s configuration will be removed from the circle of trust
Returns a shared instance of the data source views manager. This method is thread - safe.
Creates a toast tag with the specified attributes. If the toast has a color attribute it will
Load the XML definition from the cache and return it as a string. The XML definition is
Extract the id from the request path.
Uncompress the data. This is done by decompressing the data into a temporary buffer.
Poll for a new line from the file. This method will block until a new line is
Closes the underlying stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method is safe to call
Compares this buffer to another buffer s remaining characters.
Writes the zone to a CSV file.
Add a new value to the aggregation. If the new value is a byte array it will
extracts policy notification from xml string.
Flushes the journal to disk.
Find a parcel from the given byte array using the given parcel class name.
decode field name.
Returns true if the username and password are not null and not the same as the string.
Adds a content item to the list.
Canonicalize a class name.
Pauses the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds.
Returns true if the node should be highlighted with an invisible edge false otherwise.
prepare job for cancelling.
Remove a listener from the list of changing events.
Generate the fields from the elements in the class.
Returns true if the dialog is flying or false if the dialog is not flying.
Initializes the wheel. This method should be called at the beginning of the wheel initialization process.
Removes all occurrences of the given regular expression from the given source string.
Consume a nested scroll.
Retrieve waypoints based on the given search query. The waypoints are sorted by location.
Release any resources held by this NoxItem. This is called when the NoxItem
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Adds a new value to the histogram.
Closes the dialog and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the dialog
Upload a file to a channel.
Adds a parameter to the function.
delete event.
Returns true if the volume is full copy and the replica state of the volume is the same
Reads a quoted string from the input stream and returns it as a string array.
Returns true if the given buffer is large enough to hold all of it s data.
Reset the time of the index buffer to the current time of the safe query.
Creates a response object for the administration interface. This is the default implementation of the response
Check if external storage is mounted and notify if it is not.
Returns the plural or singular form of the given noun for the given quantity.
Verifies an XML element using the attribute of the element s definition. If the attribute does not
Adds a video object to the list and notifies the data set that the video has been added
Checks if a point is in a horizontal target zone.
Reads the transport systems from the given buffered reader.
Returns true if the next byte in nal has the same prefix as num.
Unshare the hash table from the shared state.
Add an item in a multifield.
Returns the number of names in the table.
Generate n random points with d random points scaled by scale. The points are scaled by scale
Parse the parameters from the given string.
Adds a session token to a site.
Deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
Returns the number of pixels to draw the window in meters.
Send bytes via the data socket.
Pushes a context onto the stack.
Display a combo view with bookmarks or history. If the current web view is not a
Load the contents of the specified file. The file will be read from the beginning of the
Normalize the mean and standard deviation of the input array.
Adds a location to the list of locations.
Sets the line delimiter and indent level of the output.
Encodes the given string using the given character set. If the given string is null returns null
Check if we need to read more paths.
Returns true if the given column name is allowed to be added to the list of input columns
Convert a hex color string to an RGB value.
Adds a property change listener.
Test that the blob is empty or null.
Rebuilds the journal file.
This test case is used to test the sign of a big integer. This test case is
Restores the location information from a file.
Wait for the image to be available.
Calculates the minimum Harris4s window for a window of size size.
Calculates the cms for the given key. The cms is calculated using the SHA - 1 algorithm
Returns the hash code of this message.
Increments the number of received packets by one. If the number of received packets exceeds the
Parse text into a sentence.
Set the directory where the data will be stored. If the directory does not exist or is
Called when the consumer has finished consuming the purchase.
check prosodic position
Parse the given string as a big decimal and return it as a new big decimal object.
Register the given operators with the given XML input stream. The given class loader will be used
Perform permission work before android. app. permission. permission. permission. permission. permission.
Delete a set of sub - group containers from the current user s account.
Creates a new task. The task will be executed in the background. The task will be
Initialize the compiler with the given command line arguments.
Returns true if the current device is a native device false if it is a native device.
send next byte and return number of received bytes
Encodes a serializable object into a base64 encoded string.
Create an image for the given dispatch context. The dispatch context is passed to this method.
Adds a list of profiles to the list. The list will be sorted in ascending order.
Returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier name false otherwise.
Returns true if x1 < x2 false if x1 is less than x2.
Move a single node from the click point to the end of the click point.
Creates a new linked list containing the given objects. The objects are added to the list.
Adds a new macro record to the list of records. If the record is null nothing is
Adds an email address to the email list.
Returns the best hash provider for the given hash parameters.
Read a number of bytes from the internal buffer.
Returns true if x is the sum of the elements of ar.
Loads the addressbook from the specified file.
Remove the item at the given position in the list.
Encode a list of types into a map for the given key in the given map.
Clear assertion information.
Build the operation list with the given code and custom status. If custom status is null the
Generate a branch plan for the given table and Akiban information.
Add a node port to the queue if it is not already in the queue.
Returns the start of the stack as a long. This is the value of the num field
Returns true if this mime type matches the other mime type. If the other mime type is
Returns true if the receiver is armed by the other receiver or false if the receiver is
Sets the number of invalid and encoded tests in this test suite builder to the given range.
Returns true if the java script is enabled in the session or false if it is disabled.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object. If the object is an instance
Returns the name of the resource.
Computes the MD5 checksum of the given data.
Checks if the given file is a valid skin spec.
Inserts the specified object at the specified position in the string builder. If the object is null
Called when the mouse is moved to the tooltip.
Load an unpacked umd file into the emulator. If the file does not exist it
Disable virtual management for a block or block mirror. This is a no - op if the
Returns the end position of a rhumb path with the given azimuth and length in radians.
Returns the index of the given element in the given array or - 1 if the array is
Returns the maximum layout size for the given container.
Read a string from the given input stream. The stream is closed after this method returns.
Increments the uncounted counter by n and adds it to the uncounted counter
Logs the expiration of an entry.
Removes a ripple from the ripple list. If the ripple list is empty it
Writes the given string to the given buffer. If the given text is null or empty the
Consume the specified number of records from the specified topic. This method will block until all records
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Compares two version strings. The first character is used as the delimiter. The second character is
Returns true if the given vector is a valid vector. If the given vector is null or
Returns true if the type is an obsessional type.
Change the location of a block to a new speed. If the block is the referenced block
Removes the specified child object from the set. If the child does not exist in the set
Notify all class observers of the given class.
Visits a DOUBLE instruction and copies the value to the next instruction in the stack. This is
Returns true if the MIME type is app. xml or not.
Creates a native page for the given URL.
Throw a parse exception. If the locator is set throw a parse exception with the message.
Creates a custom editor with the given tool tip text. The tool tip text will be displayed
Applies a memoid function to each input object and compares it with the given equality function.
Creates an endpoint from a single value type.
Convert field type.
Adds an XML element at the given index. If the index is after the last token the
finds all the parents of the given string.
Create a dictionary from the affix input stream. The affix input stream will be read
Collapses all coordinates of the given building.
Detaches a virtual machine from the host.
Read the error message from the reply buffer and return it as a string.
Show or hide the pie.
Persists or creates a profile. If new is true the profile will be persisted otherwise it
Adds an action to the undo stack. The action will be executed when the stack is empty
Converts an array of ints into an array of ints.
Adds a new sample to the last ping time.
Encodes the request body into the given string builder.
Tears down the underlying data source and the underlying data source.
Returns a substring of the given string starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Remove a custom sash form listener.
Writes the given string to the given file. The data is converted to UTF - 8 and
Deletes the session variables with the given names.
Returns a string representation of this date.
Closes the output stream and waits for the output to be written to the output stream.
Parse the given string as an integer.
Writes all columns from the result set to the output stream. If include column names is true
Test special case 1.
Verify that the given device is valid.
Adds a window to the window list. The window will be sorted according to the order of
Returns a hashtable containing all the intersections of the elements in the given iterator.
Returns true if the file is a TTF file.
Register the providers for the current dev machine.
Creates a new hash table with the given initial capacity and load factor. The load factor is
Adds an object to the set.
Populates a blob with the given base content and required size. The content must be of the
Returns the sign of the given value which is the anti - cyclic sign of the given value
Adds a key to the list of keys that are near the given key.
Analyzes the fields of the given class.
Returns true if the given log level is enabled at the current log level.
Load all debug messages from the debugger at the given offset. If an exception is encountered the
test set attribute node n
Returns true if the log entry is critical or false if the log entry is not critical.
Get the edit table from the given string. If the given string is empty it will return
Write operations to file.
Returns true if this node has a new follower.
On track point start.
Fires a property change event.
Checks that the given string starts with the given number of characters starting at the given index.
Sorts the specified fields in ascending order. The fields are assumed to be in ascending order.
Draws the background of the view.
Adds a unique attribute to an element. If the element name and the attribute name are null
check the delete vm response and throw an exception if the response is not ok.
Test the deletion of a character. This is done by removing the character from the document.
Limits the transformation and scale of the image to fit within the image. The image will be
Returns the blaze value factory.
Check if the refresh token is the same as the one provided. If not throw an exception
Adds a style to the map. The style id must be an integer. The style selector
Extract the name of the client from the given id and host. If the id is not
Creates a new fast future from a completable.
Checks if an inventory action is a place action.
Adds a view to the cache. If the cache is null a new list is created.
Read the contents of an input stream into a byte array.
Play the current media. If the filename is longer than the number of media it will be
Convert a string to a UTF - 8 string using the standard character set.
Encodes a set of cache flags into a bit field.
Adds a data source to the list. The data source will be added to the end of
Adds the given value and weight to the distribution.
Build a row.
Parse the text using the given date format and the given parse date. If an exception occurs
Returns true if the given string is a child group of the given group.
Throw an exception if the given item index is out of bounds.
Create next uncovered locus info.
This method is called when the global configuration has changed.
Launch an intent to send an email to the given address using the given text.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Add a translator to the source pool. The translator will be started when the source pool is
Writes a little - endian string to the underlying output stream.
Read the next line from the input.
Returns true if the string matches the given regular expression. If the regular expression is null returns
Writes the grid to a file.
Adds a footer view to the list of views to be displayed on the bottom of the screen
Adds a close hook to the list of hooks that will be called when a resource is closed
Run the given runnable in the given thread pool. If the executor is not shutdown the runnable
Updates the range of the bounding box with the given x and y coordinates.
Check standard upcean.
Read the configuration from the specified file. If the file does not exist nothing is done.
Apply a trading bonus to a player.
Returns the content of the given URL as a string or null if the URL is invalid.
Creates a new trace from the given trace list and the given set of addresses.
Interrupt all tasks in the current thread.
Register the default device types.
Returns a set of all subsets of the given swc location from the given dependency map.
Draws a set of ticks to the given canvas. The ticks are drawn in the given radius
Inserts a new element into the partition.
Finds all entries in the ldap directory that match the given search criteria.
test constructor string with radix 8.
Returns true if the character is in the given encoding or false if it is not.
Delete an entry from the store.
r Remove the highlights from the text area and clear the list of tags.
Enqueue the successors of the given block in the given worklist. The successors are added to
Adds a role to the user. If the role is null the user is not added to
Creates a check box and adds it to the given table.
Sets the current time zone to the current time zone and sets the current time zone to the
Called when a stream message has been sent to the remote peer.
Builds the blob store index shard snapshots from the given blobs.
Create a reply to a forum post config.
Returns true if this node is armed by the other node or false if it is not
Create a new attribute key for the given element with the given namespace and local name.
Construct a sparse array of the specified type with the specified real and imaginary values.
Returns the maximum value in the given set of tuples. If the given tuple is a table
Update the radio links.
Generate a string representation of two IDs. The first ID is the first ID and the second
Reset the cache statistics.
Test that other to string is the same as the default.
Remove the item at the given index.
Shifts right 3.
Shows the filter dialog.
Returns the number of pixels between the two specified points.
Returns true if the given form allows popups.
get local git repo from current dir
Returns the minimum of the two vectors.
Adds a test method to the list of test methods to be executed.
Serializes the test data to the given serializer.
Verify that the migration is complete.
Sets the log formatter to use for this logger. If no logger is given the global logger
Remove a text listener.
Create an idp element for the SAML 1. 0. 1 entity. If export is true
Removes all data from the queue and releases all allocated resources. This method should be called when
Applies the camera to the given GL context.
Create a result set with a single point in the table.
Adds the given volume to the list of existing volumes if it is not already present.
Creates a new temporary file with the given prefix and suffix. If prefix and suffix are null
Partition annotations by target type.
Loads the contents of the file into the buffer.
Adds a text indicator if the distance between x and y is above the hearing distance
Resolves a template name to a file object. If the name starts with the root then the
Initialize the tool tip.
Decodes an array of strings into an array of strings. The encoded string is replaced with the
Computes the current angle based on the current time and the current velocity.
Returns the sigignal field as a long. The sigignal field is the number
Generate a random seed. The seed is a byte array with the current time pid uid fingerprint
Render the given expression into a string. The expression is evaluated in the context of this context
Stop the sampling thread if the current number of samples has been reached. If the current number
Reverses the winding of a list of points.
Initialize the dialog with the given parameters. This is the main entry point for the dialog.
Initializes the notification factory. If the system property notification. factory is set to a system property
Wait for the completion of the operation. If the operation is already completed the current state is
Clamp the given value to be between the given low and high values.
Parse volume host directory.
Format the time into a string with the specified number of digits.
Returns an array containing all the elements in this list.
Pads the right side of the given string with the given character at the given width.
Adds all elements from the specified collection to the end of this list.
Updates the checkpoint with the given application state. This method is called when the application state is
Converts the given string to a UTF - 8 byte array.
Converts a bindings map to a list of pairs.
Returns true if the label is not in the list of labels.
Adds a message observer to the list of observers to be notified when a message is received.
Shows the text in the editor. If the current platform is not the same as the current
Converts a byte into a hex string.
Removes the element at the specified index. If the index is greater than the length of the
Generates a vector with a normal distribution of size n with a given mean and standard deviation.
Called when a warning has occurred. This method will throw an error if the code is out
Returns true if the given sub name is registered in the list of known sub names.
Returns the text of a list of diffs. The text of the first diff is the text
Returns true if the integer is stored.
Returns the size of a directory as a big integer.
Check if a light bit is set to true or false depending on whether the light bit is
Filter the file based on the given date. If the file is older than the given date
Calculates the major tick count.
Moves to the next row in the result set. If there are no more rows in the
Adds an object to the map with the specified sample attribute and value. The value will be
Unassigns the ordering of the nodes in the graph between the two given objects.
Convert a SWF file to HTML.
Writes the given class to the given file.
Establishes a connection to the given peer.
Convert an array to a vector.
Notifies all registered listeners that a new version has been received.
Accept a drop operation on the target context.
Removes all of the elements from this query.
Returns the string representation of the capabilities. If the capabilities do not support the string will be
Get the last modified date of a file on the remote host.
Imports the PKCS8 file.
Run the compiler with the given compilation unit tree. The compilation unit tree is the compilation unit
Checks if the engine is valid.
Asserts that two floats are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown with
Calculates the d value for the given b. The d value is the sum of the cosine
Load properties from a properties file.
Replaces all occurrences of the given pattern with the given replacement.
Get a list of all the properties for a given service.
Returns a stream consisting of the elements of the first stream followed by the elements of the second
Read external data from an input stream. The input stream must be a valid igfs object
The default item label format and number format are the same as the default item label format and
Sets the x and y components of this vector to the given direction.
Adjusts the power of a number by a power of a power of 10.
Removes all columns from the table.
Returns true if this invoice is the last invoice for the current costing method.
Sets the proxy port.
Fetch the cluster name from the given cluster name. If the given name is null or empty
Fetch my service cards from the server.
Creates a modal dialog with the specified public key. The public key is used to sign the
sample conditional migration events
Returns true if the given value is an attribute of the given type.
Decodes a byte array into an ASCII string.
This method is called when the value of the tree is changed. This method is called when
Remove a property change listener.
Wait for a node to be transfered to the queue. If the node is on sync
Create an intent to send a share message to the user.
Create an updater for an integer field of a given class.
Converts the given data into a map of objects. If the data is null returns an empty
Add a LSR instruction to the given list of instructions at the given offset.
build row limit spec.
Returns the first common layer of this item and the given item.
Removes items from the given stack. If the amount of items is greater than wanted the amount
Saves all the indexes that have changed since the last time this method was called.
Adds an artist to the artist list at the specified position.
Executes the given command in the current working directory with the given environment. If the working directory
Expands and selects the given location if it exists. If the location does not exist it
Move to the next token in the text.
Saves the provisioning validity and expiration time to the preferences file.
Encode this reason code into the given output stream. The reason code is automatically encoded if it
Create a cluster in a project asynchronously. This method requires authentication and publish_stream permission.
Get the alias policy value for the given alias value.
Get named item n. This test fails if the tag name does not exist in the document
Writes the given string to the given output stream with the given quote and escape sequences.
Add a read to the list of offsets for the specified position.
Calculates the SHA256 hash of the file.
Adds a property type to a resource.
Test if two objects are equal.
Writes the actions of the given instance to a string. The actions are written to the given
This method is called before an object is added to the list of objects to be added.
Encodes an array of bytes into a string of UTF - 8 encoded lines. Each line is
o read feed log perf.
Read an unsigned long from the input stream. The input stream must be positioned at the
shift right 4.
Resolve a dependency from a file. The file is assumed to be an absolute path relative to
Build the response url for the given tenant. If the response is not found null is returned
Assert that the label with the given path and text is equal to the label s text.
Interpolate a list of commands with a given number of parameters. The list must be sorted
Initialize the tokenizer with the given stream. The stream is reset to the beginning of the string
Throw an illegal message from the switch state. This method is called when a message is received
Run the worker threads.
Read data from POT file and return true if successful false if not.
Attempts to lock the file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Opens a datagram connection to the specified port.
Returns a string with the global information about the application.
Executes the given script in the context of the current spark context.
Disable a feature.
Remove an event listener.
Returns the current python time in milliseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Adds the given items to the end of the list.
Returns a quoted string if the given keyword is a Java keyword.
Read a recipe from the current cursor position.
Checks the state of the expression. If the expression is false an illegal state exception is thrown
Generates SQL statements to drop a table.
Returns true if the queue is locked. If the queue is empty the method returns false.
Returns the current cguest time as a long.
Find or create a class based on the type of the string t. If the string t
Resets the notes to their initial state.
Set the time for the given time. The time is written to the given address. The
Writes the given character sequence to the given file with the given encoding. If the file already
Populate the nav drawer.
Run the test.
Returns a byte array containing the values of the given byte array.
Record a call home event.
Returns the mean of the numbers in the specified range of float values.
Construct a NTP string from the given date.
Select the best matching media type for the given server web exchange and producible types.
Paints the border of the popup.
Ensure that the array capacity is at least as large as the given minimum capacity. If the
Invalidate and unmap the given buffers. This method will block until all the buffers have been
Adds a directory to the list of classes. If the directory does not exist nothing is done
Check if mineshafter is present.
Compares two xy objects and returns true if they are the same or if they are the same
Returns true if the given node has an element child false otherwise.
Removes an item from the menu.
Returns the number of primitive property names.
Prints a string to the output stream. The number of bytes written will be equal to the
Checks the given object against the given set of permissions. If the object is a string it
display all string defined in string. xml
Create an intent for the map action.
Generate the parameters to pass to the filter and expand methods. The parameters are generated using the
Writes a bitmap to the specified output stream. The output stream will be closed after this method
Remove the attribute at the given index.
Returns the slashed class name string from the field signature. If the field signature does not
paint the preview of the image using the specified zoom factor. If the image is null
Start the camera preview.
Removes all values from the map.
Partitions an array into chunks of the specified size.
Updates the UI of the given window and all its owned windows.
Clear the result list and notify the adapter that the data set has been changed.
Finds all the widgets that are visible within the bounds of the widget container.
Print an ASCII symbol. The text can be null or an empty string. If the text
Create a new shopping cart item.
Returns a string representation of the assignment table.
Sets the text of the border.
Adds the configured classes to the result set. If the array is empty an error is thrown
Resets the list of references to this object. This method is called when the object is being
Decodes a MPI into a big integer. If the length argument is true the length of
This method is called when the schema of a service has changed. It removes the root realm
Sort the elements in the vector using mergesort. The keys are the keys of the elements
Parse a date time from a string.
Adds a message to the queue. If the message is already in the queue it will be
Convert a query string to a database ID.
Writes a short value to the output stream.
Prints a long value to the output.
Sets the thrift service metadata for the given service type. This method is called by the Thrift
Create a writable raster with a compatible sample model.
Creates a response with an invalid entity error message from the given constraint violation exception.
Start a new block. If the current block is not currently occupied the message will be
Initializes the layer graph from the given URL. The prefix parameter is used to specify the prefix
Returns true if the given message is suppressed by any of the answers in the given message.
Creates a new properties object from the given map. If the map is null or empty the
Returns the first node that matches the given query or null if there are no nodes.
Returns an array of tokens from the given property. If the property does not exist returns null
Compare two locales.
Read the result set from the prepared statement.
Adds an entry to the source list if it is not already present.
Returns true if this message is equal to the given object.
End the current transaction with the given connection.
Creates a new table with a single selection mode and a mouse listener. The mouse listener is
Ensure that there is enough space in the queue to hold at least num elements in the queue
Change the open mode of the system properties manager.
Computes the full url from the base url and the link. If the link does not start
Load the manifest from the jar file.
Convert a binding array to a raw type. If erasure is true the original types are
Adds a column to the table. If the column is null nothing is done.
Read data from the given input stream.
Remove a display from the list of displays.
m have next next gaussian.
Fires an event to all registered listeners.
Update the port of the contact header in the given message.
Creates a new instance of the HTTP client with the given user agent.
Add a new mvcc candidate to the cache and return it. If no candidate is available
Add a vertex to the feature list.
Test for the join order of the string. The join order of the string is the same
Delete a file or log a warning if the file fails to be deleted.
Removes the value at the given index from the list. If the index is greater than the
Add a member to a gitlab group.
Override this method in order to log the name of the resource bundle and the name of the
Increments the value at the given coordinate.
Throws an exception if the expression is false. If the expression is true throws an illegal argument
Put all of the given fields into the document. If the fields parameter is null then all
Returns true if the given string list contains the given match ignoring case.
Computes the median absolute error of the array. If the median is larger than the number of
Initialize all plugins that are known to be loaded. The order of the plugins is determined by
Stop the session. This method should be called when the session is being stopped or when the
Sets whether or not the server should keep alive or not. The default value is false.
Upload a video to the user s account.
Read a block of bytes from the given buffer and check that the checksum is correct.
Create a new multicast socket with the given port and group. If the multicast interface is set
Check the selected subset meta data. This method is called when a subset is selected.
Validates that the destination and payload are not null and that the destination and payload are not null
Sets the input stream to read from. The input stream will be closed when finished reading.
Returns the next test member of the given type.
Encode a line suffix to the given output stream. The line suffix is appended to the end
Returns true if the font is system ; otherwise returns false.
Add a url to be loaded.
Put all fields in the document.
Set the repository to be reviewed. This is used to set the author of the repository
Create a new root block from a byte buffer and a checksum utility. The root block is
Create a SOAP request.
The inner enum is a list of enum constants. The enum constants are included in the enum
Returns a string representation of this URI.
Test wildcards does not need two dots.
Returns true if the given file is in the target directory.
Skips the first occurrence of c in the given sequence.
Removes all of the elements from this list that are contained in the given collection.
Compare and set the tail of this node with the expected node and the update node.
Create a phone field.
Load a resource bundle from the resource bundle cache.
Returns the set of remote pools associated with the given remote copy settings.
Convert string to html.
Adds a lock to the list of locks. If an overlapping lock is found an exception is
Compute the U function.
Reloads the model with a new value.
Convert a move object to a UCI string.
Creates a accelerated image with the specified width and height. The target component will be the
Display the current state of the state machine. This is used to display the state of the
Writes the given string to the given writer. The string will be written to the given writer
Ensure that the buffer is at least n characters long and that it is at least n characters
Decrement the reference count. If the reference count reaches zero the file will be closed.
Convert an x500 principal to an x500 name.
Asserts that the given described resource is present in the given cache and that the expected description is
Returns true if the field is a flat field otherwise returns false.
Build limited networks list.
Evaluates the RPN of a sequence of tokens and returns the result as an integer.
Adds all series to the series list.
Exit the program with the given exit code. If err is not null echo the error message
Compares two terms. The first term is the first term and the second is the second term
Merge this aabb with another aabb.
generates auto tag from class name and stack offset. If stack offset is greater than 0
Flush pending events to the underlying writer. This method is called when a document has been opened
Initialize the configuration.
Sets the node type namespace and local name for the given node type and local name.
Validate that a new add operation is valid.
Start the mock system consumer.
Undo the current state of the command. If the command has no undo manager it will be
Removes a column from the table.
Returns a string representation of the histogram.
Peeks a sample from the output buffer.
scan the blocklet and fill the scanned result with the data from the blocklet holder.
Returns the hash code of this object.
For each segment in the acct schema make sure that each segment is balanced.
Initialize the annotation drawer with the given annotation model and process renderer.
Returns true if there are any user partitions in the output.
Inserts the specified string at the specified offset. If the string is longer than the number of
Reads a code point from the input.
Put an int value into the given byte array at the given offset.
Add an item to the list.
Add a tag to the tag list.
Consumes a number of bytes from the buffer and returns the number of bytes consumed.
Adds a new outer join qualifier to the from clause.
Encodes the given string into an array of file objects.
Retrieves and returns the next element in the queue or null if there are no more elements to
Adds a swipe listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the user clicks on
Returns the number of patterns.
Writes an unsigned 8 - bit value to the output stream.
Test case 11. This test tests the sign of the number and the addition of the number
Adds a header with the given name and value to the request.
Store the certificate in the key store.
Appends the given type to the given pointer hierarchy. The type hierarchy is assumed to be the
Sort the long array in ascending order. The array is assumed to be sorted in ascending order
Returns a string representation of the score.
Returns the last element in this sequence or null if this sequence is empty.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds. If the thread is interrupted the log message will be
Returns the index of the given element in the list or - 1 if the list is empty
Returns true if the given modifiers are a package access.
Writes the log to the specified file.
This decorator is used to set the window and the name of the window. The name is
Writes a byte array to the output stream. This method will block until the input buffer is
Log a message at the DEBUG level. If no arguments are given the message will be formatted
Process the device updates from the queue and notify the listeners of the updates. This method is
Returns true if the remote can rebalance the given size or false if it can t.
Convert a file to a sld file if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t
Inserts the given properties into the given template using the given properties map.
Changes the font of the given component.
Draws the contours in the image. The contours are drawn using the given color.
Save a string as an X509 certificate to a file.
clear on central position changed listeners
Invokes a static method with the given name on the given class. Throws an exception if the
Returns true if the current line is filled below the current line.
on patch service result.
Find a field by its thrift id.
Returns true if the given packet is a stanza.
This method is called when the user clicks on a button in the form. If the user
Returns true if the version needs to be updated. If the version is greater than the bundle
Clear all beans in the view map.
Load all logical tables with the given granularities from the given group map.
Read a block of bytes from the input stream.
Adds a new subscription to the list of subscriptions for the specified client.
Create a path from a list of x509 certificates. The list must be of type x
Process the given XML string and return the result as a Java object. The XML string is
Set the default topology fraction for the Consul cluster.
Build the regex for the given qualifier value.
Returns a shortened version of the given name with the given number of characters replaced by the
Blend two colors with a given weight.
Returns the kstkeip value of the field as a long.
Decide whether or not the UI should be used based on the given options.
Convert an image to a buffered image.
Reads an array.
Returns a list of nodes that are available terminals of the given type.
Remove a sensor selection listener.
Writes a character to the output stream.
test dex class loader. test dex class loader. test dex class loader.
Register a new grid cache TTL manager. The manager will be notified when the grid cache is
Returns a java. sql. time object with the specified hour minute and second.
Initialize the key store.
Convert native image data to platform image bytes.
Remove folder stacking markers from a file name.
Discards the given registrar. If the registrar is null no action is taken.
Returns true if the given state is a final state. If the given state is less than
Generate a scale marker for the given protein length and number of markers. The number of markers
Write fig tree block.
Returns the hash code of the font.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object. If the object is a map
Start a new DTD declaration. This method is called when a DOCTYPE declaration is encountered
Writes an EXIF image to the specified file. If the file does not exist it will
This method is called at the beginning of the process of creating a new database and dropping
Creates a template model exception with a method argument invalid value.
Compress the given string using the given compression scheme.
Load the map for the given extension and mime type. If the mime type is an image
Start a new DTD element.
Converts the timestamp into a string that can be written to the log file.
Encodes the given byte array into a base 64 string.
Prints a double value to the underlying output stream.
Returns a string representation of the IP address and the extended network prefix.
Returns true if the given string is part of the chroot of the given host.
Executes the given operation on the given database. If the database does not exist it will be
Creates a unique hash code based on the uri and prefix. If the result is the same
Creates a new placeholder fragment with the given section number.
Import a translation file.
Read the file and return a result object.
This method is called when an exception is thrown by the client. It logs the exception and
Returns true if the given identifier is in the blacklist false otherwise.
Checks if the given exception was caused by a communication error.
Returns true if the connection is reliable and false if it is unreliable.
Pushes a new type onto the stack.
Generate a short value.
Fires a property change event for the given property name and old and new values.
Encodes the given string into a URL - safe string. This method is intended to be used
Create database entities for storage policy testing.
Create a new page.
Adds an element to a map if key is not null and values are not null.
Save the boot. properties file to the jar folder.
Append the contents of the source file to the output stream and return the current record number.
Writes the length of a timestamp to the output stream using the specified calendar and timestamp.
Returns the number of characters in s1 but not in s2. s1 and s
Morpha the given text. If tags is true the text will be tagged with the
Delete a file.
Create a check mark.
Initialize the cache with the contents of the root directory. This is called when the cache is
Start a TCP socket.
Cuts the selected bean. If no bean is selected the bean will be selected from the
Adds a remover to the list of handlers that will be called when an event is received
This method is called when an action is performed on a layer. This method is called when
Adds a new entry to the model.
Ensure that the size of the tree is at least as large as the number of children.
Creates a new UUID with the specified most and least significant bits.
Returns a pretty print with the specified number of spaces.
Renders the given event handler and writes it to the response writer.
Constructs a string representation of the scope and namespace.
Creates a new selector and registers it with the selector provider. If the selector provider is null
Test case 4.
Called when a response is received from a stream. If the stream is a follower it
Executes a SELECT query and returns the results as a list of objects. The rows are processed
Returns the current time in nanoseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Test cloning of a format.
Sends a request to the remote server and returns a future that will be completed when the request
Returns true if the string is null or the length of the string is zero.
Add a capability as a dependency of this capability.
Extract the robot debug variables for the given stack trace id.
Adds a boolean element with the given name and value.
Map full width letter to half width letter.
Asserts that two collections are equal without changing the order of the elements in the two collections.
Returns true if the response body is present for the given request method and response code.
Returns the number of available in process.
Adds the given value to the set. If the set is full the value will be added
Returns true if the action should be executed based on the delay and the number of times it
Moves the cursor forward or backward by a word. If the cursor is at the end of
Handle a distribution message or defer it to the appropriate handler depending on whether it is being s
Remove a volume from the zone export.
Shuts down the nbest list and alignment writer.
Paints the icon at the given coordinates.
Zooms the image to the given center at the given scale and at the given duration.
Returns a list of all the channels in the database. The returned list is sorted by the
Returns true if the given file is a hidden file. The file must have the same name
Returns true if the scroll view can scroll vertically.
Load the jar from the input stream and return a jar info object. If the input stream
Invalidates the title of all the movies in the list.
Adds a new row to the model.
Create a jar from the given file name and content.
Go to a specific day.
Search for a value in the hash table and return true if it is found false otherwise.
Close a JDBC connection. If the connection fails to close log the exception and log it.
Display a message item with the specified class description option number and default option.
Adds a color map listener to the list of listeners.
Computes the p - distance for each object in the given relation.
Appends a suffix to a string if it does not already end with one of the given suffixes
Request all file systems as a JSON object.
This method is called when an external problem is detected. It will redirect the user to the
Check if a network monitor exists.
Adds a list of predicates to the conjunction of this conjunction with all of the given predicates.
Adds a random number to the list and rolls back to the total number of faces.
Check canonical user options.
Close the given closeable ignoring any exceptions that may be thrown by the closeable.
Push an encrypted message to the queue. If the queue is full the message will be pushed
Returns a random integer in the range [ min max ).
Test simple premature closing of the data stream.
Push a draw list onto the queue.
Populate the task list with the data from the source map.
Returns the maximum value of the given field in the given tuples using the given comparator.
Get the tip text for the cluster definitions.
Test constructor sign bytes positive1.
Fling between two scroller objects. This method is intended to be called from the UI
Adds a navigator listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the navigator changes.
Closes the stream and shuts down the underlying executor service.
Returns the patience of the distribution with the given number of samples.
Create a series name list from an array of objects.
Reads characters from the stream into a character array starting at the given offset and ending at the
Log a message at the FATAL level. If the log level is higher than the fatal
Expands a number starting at the given index in the given string starting at the given index
Returns true if s1 and s2 are null or if s1 and s2 are
Run the cluster generation.
Checks if all rule 17 directors are used.
Stops the connection accept thread and closes the server socket. This method should be called when the
Expands a system id strict on the given base system id. The base system id is
Frees a message to the pool. If the message is already in the pool it is
Checks if this builder is equal to the other builder ignoring the case of the characters.
Convert a UUID to a long.
Adds a virtual machine argument to the command line argument set.
Apply the given field to the given visitor.
Test compare to equal neg.
Take a screenshot and check that it is a valid image. The screenshot is stored in the
unlink target volumes from snapshot session.
Reverses the order of the directed edges in the given list.
change part to ref.
Read a line of text from the stream.
Adds the given node to the scene.
Returns the documentation home page URL.
Checks if the sequence reader has taxonomy information.
Removes a selection listener from the list of listeners.
Replaces the given node with the given index in the stack.
Handle button 1 request.
Delete the maximum node in the tree and return it. If the tree is empty return the
Removes all of the elements from the queue.
Called when the progress bar is updated. This method is called when the progress bar is updated
Sets the node value and parent for the given agent and adds it to the list of agents
Adds a week to the date object using the default time zone locale and the default locale.
Creates a new code attribute.
Output a file to the given file name.
Read a class descriptor from the input stream.
Creates a new file in the target directory. If the target file already exists it will be
Test zero or one.
Execute the prepared statement with the given list of columns and return the number of rows affected.
Creates a new authority configuration with the given token restrictions valid certs clock tolerance and external idps
Checks that the given string is not empty.
Cancel all unnamed tasks.
Returns the min and max values of the given list of values.
Creates a new criteria. The criteria will be added to the list of existing criteria.
Reads an escaped character from the input.
Updates the query params and header params based on the given authentication names.
Fix spanned with spaces around spans.
Remove the bookmark tracking icons.
Create a simple metric group with the given name and metric stream. The metric stream will be
Returns true if the given point is inside the bounds of this rectangle.
Resolve the protocol managers.
Returns a list of all the host addresses on the network interface. The list is sorted by
Returns the size of the bitmap in pixels.
Returns true if the given status is in the list of statuses. If the status is not
Returns a string representation of this instance.
Computes the SHA - 256 hash of the secret and the MD5 hash of the seed.
Adds a channel map to this interval.
Adds an element to the queue. If the queue is full the method throws an exception.
Put a resource in the cache.
Parses a comma - separated list of uid ranges.
Replaces the suffix of the value with the change to. If the value is the same as
Execute a claimed scan task. If the task is not already in progress it will be
Creates the navi directory if it doesn t exist.
Update button action performed. This method is called when the update button action is performed.
Compiles the given class file into a class with the given protection domain. If no protection domain
Returns an iterator over the target list.
Fits the size of the scrolled content to the main area.
Returns a hash code for this field.
Build a pool index map from the given cached data.
Initialize the dialog with the given parent. This method is called when the dialog is created.
Creates the separator.
Adds an object to the end of the list and notifies the data set that the object has
Builds the values from the given results. The values will be added to the values list.
Generates a signature for the given content. The signature is generated using the SHA - 256 algorithm
Test neg pos first longer.
Writes a portion of a byte array to the output buffer. The output buffer will be filled
Starts an intent to open a file. If the file does not exist nothing is done.
Convert a date string to a java. sql. date object.
Round a float value to the nearest power of 2 and return the result as an int.
Creates a plain text representation of the given short.
Returns a copy of this attribute with the same parameters as this one but with a new pool
Create the changes string for each component in the diff list. The returned string will contain the
Prints an example with the given description followed by a given block of code that will be executed
Checks if a file is writable. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns the string representation of this OID.
Reads the data from the given parser.
Skips num bytes from the input stream and fails if they are not the same as the
Adds a character to the end of the string. If the end of the string is reached
Returns the hash code of this object.
Computes the Cholesky decomposition of the given matrix.
Finds the set of crossings that intersect the two given points. The set of crossings
Find a field by its thrift id.
Sets the repository name and path components.
Adds a property to the carbon properties map.
Create a delta tree for the given element and its ancestors. If the element is the same
Returns the title as a string.
Returns the number of elements in the hashmap.
Replaces all occurrences of old pattern with new pattern in the input string.
Returns true if the given coordinate is within the given zone.
Returns the text associated with this element.
Read the labels from the given reader. The reader will be closed after this method returns.
Parses a string into a double. If the string is null returns the default value.
Register an application with the given name. If the application already exists it will be replaced.
Put a profile into the cache.
Prints a character to the output stream.
Initializes the block views in the workspace.
Clear all trails for a given token id.
Set the title and value of the chart. This is the main entry point for the chart
Parses a list of numbers into an array of integers. If the list does not contain the
Thrown when a directory or file is not found.
Randomly scrambles the array.
Parses a sip header string into a sip object.
Convert an srg color to an rgb color.
Record the beginning of a run.
Rotates the given point around the y - axis by the given angle in degrees.
Returns true if the word is pronounceable according to the prefix and suffix rules.
Creates a new list of split edges. Each edge is added to the given list.
This method is used to set the IO property of the response. It is used by the
Create a mem - based cache with the given max cache size in bytes. The cache is
Updates the max text widths based on the required and match text widths.
Enable or disable the overview.
Called when the user enters a mouse button. This method is called when the user ent
Fetch a page of collections from solr.
Accepts the given annotation visitor. The visitor is used to visit the name and value of the
Add ids to the query.
Stop the monitor with the given label. If the monitor is not running an error will be
Normalizes the given URL so that it can be used as a base URL for a request.
Invoke the hessian. The hessian is read from the input stream and the hessian
Commits the local transaction. If the local transaction is null nothing is done. If the local
Adds the object class to the given entry if it does not already exist.
Populate area list.
Reads a name from the input stream and returns it as a unicode string.
Concatenates the given character to this string and returns a new string with the resulting string.
Convert a probability to the log of odds.
Signal that the queue is not empty.
Fills the tree with the given spec. The order of leaves is determined by the number of
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Add the given host to the global blacklist. The host will be added to the global blacklist
Adds a node to the graph. If the node is already in the graph it is ignored
Writes the contents of the tree to the given stream. The stream is closed after this method
Returns the standard deviation of the given value.
Insert or refresh a new entry in the bucket. If the entry already exists it will be
Translates the current transform by the given x and y coordinates. The current transformation will be applied
Writes the object to the given output stream.
Writes a number of spaces to the given writer.
Calculate the relative overlap between two boxes.
Handle auto draw.
Load at least the requested number of bytes from the input stream into the buffer.
z21 message.
Sorts the given method descriptors according to the given sorter. If no sorter is specified then the
Parse a list of properties into a Properties object.
Returns true if the package has the given annotation. If the package does not have the given
Build the tooltip for the given node.
Remove an on item click listener.
Look for selectable position. If look down is true look for selectable position. If look down
Pads a string to the right by adding a space to the end of the string.
Creates a collation matching rule from a list of locale names and a number suffix and a symbolic
Returns true if the given class loader is cached. If the class loader is not cached returns
Writes the contents of the table to the given print stream.
Creates a new part from the given encoded and decoded strings.
Creates an array of months for the given year and day. The returned array will have the
Convert a class descriptor to an internal name.
Register a new subscription with the given bean and description. If the bean already has a subscription
Checks that the values in the array are equal to the values in the double and short.
Put the value at the given key. If the key already exists it will be replaced.
Collect the elements of this stream into a completable completable using the given accumulators and
Returns the singular form of the given value based on the reflection type of the field.
Registers a builder for a specific manufacturer.
Creates a copy of the given reil node. If an exception occurs it will be displayed
Reads the content types. properties file and applies the overrides to the content types.
Read from the given reader and return the result as a string. If the timeout is reached
Computes the similarity between two lane objects. The similarity is based on the number of characters
Increases the overflow counter by one second. If the overflow counter is greater than the current
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given string or - 1 if the string is
Prepare an operand string to be used as an argument to a method call.
Performs a conquer brownian bridge on a multivariate normal distribution.
Returns the ejb jar xml version value of the given type.
Merges two lists of coordinates.
Print an integer to the standard output stream. The output is flushed after this method returns.
Copy the text from the current selection to the selected text field.
Handle button 1 request.
Builds the description panel.
This method is called when the request is made by a client. It is called by the
This is the pss version of the algorithm used by the PSS algorithm. This is
Decodes a text value from the given byte array. The data must be compressed or uncompressed.
Extract a set of values from the given collection using the given extractor.
Returns true if the build model starts with zte.
Normalizes the given string to the given encoding. If the given string is not encoded to the
Returns the first node in the list or null if there are no nodes in the list.
Returns the number of sets in this set.
Creates a line from a stack of points and a line thickness and a color array.
Converts a big integer into an unsigned byte array.
Calculates the approximate length of the control points.
Convert a mouse event to a drag operation.
Adds an assignment expression to the update clause.
Step the iterator by one value. If the iterator is exhausted return false. Otherwise return true
Create the icon markers.
Checks if the server has a network connection. If the server has a network connection the listener
Assign a thread for the given subscriber. The thread is assigned to the main thread of the
Validate the dynamic attribute.
Checks if the given instance is assignable from the given type or is a wrapper of the given
Initialize the list of warrants. The list of warrants has to be initialized
Add a command to the menu.
Connect to a bluetooth device. If the device is already connected it will be disconnected.
Computes the normal density of a given value at a given mean and standard deviation.
Draw the given shape using the given flatness.
Tear down the connection manager.
Load the groups from the given input stream. The input stream must be opened for reading.
Sets the value in the buffer to the given new value. This method is thread - safe
Creates the equality key for the given node. The key is the type local name namespace uri
Converts a collection of objects into a string using the given separator.
Decode a base64 string into a byte array.
Remove all premoves that have been dropped.
Test clear bit zero.
Sets the stop button and packs the dialog.
Encodes the distinguished name into the given output stream.
Make the model dirty. This method is called when the model is being re - evaluated.
Returns an array list containing all the elements in this list.
Remove the given connection from the list of active connections. If there are no active connections the
Returns a list of all possible options in the option vector.
Splits a prefix into a list of strings. If the prefix starts with a bracket this method
Convert a hex string to an unsigned long.
Sample skew standard error.
Loads a list of policy qualifiers into the table. The qualifier list must not be null.
Run the script with the given reader. The reader will be closed after this method returns.
Finds a marker segment of the given class.
The default implementation of remove that removes all of the given values from the set.
Resets the state of this message to its initial state. If clear is set to true the
Removes the element at the specified index.
Save and close the view. If save is true the view will be saved otherwise the view
Add a message to a URI.
Subscribes to an observable and waits for it to complete. If the observable is complete
Calculates a nice number in the given range.
Copy a header from the request to the buffer if it exists. If it does not copy
Send a metric to the telemetry client.
put all of the given fields into the document.
Finds a resource in the given class loader that is located at the given base resource.
Converts the expression to a string using the specified EPL formatter.
Returns true if the character at the specified index is the specified character.
Read the contents of an archive.
Initialize the socket address from the default adb host and port. The socket address will be
Reads the specified number of bytes from the specified file starting at the specified offset.
Returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tags in the tag names list.
Shuts down the application and cleans up any resources associated with it. This method is
Returns true if the given row is expanded or false if the row is not expanded.
Returns the label at the end of the given string or - num if there is no label
Add a listener to the animation.
The information about the HTTP method that will be sent to the client. This information can be
Returns true if field1 equals field2 false otherwise.
Draws the text at the given position.
Updates the current race with the given list of races. If the current race is not
Returns true if the parameter is required.
Send the data to the receiver.
Prints this number to the given print writer using the given minimum and maximum number of digits.
Creates a set from a map. If the map is empty a new set will be created
Removes all biomes of a given type from the list of allowed biomes.
Calculates the minimum preferred and maximum size requirements for the given layout iterator.
Writes a padded integer to the given writer. The number of bytes will be padded to the
Creates an OR expression from the given filter set.
Sends a blob instruction to the client.
Define the labels. This method will calculate the values and get the labels from the data.
Returns a new set that merges the given intervals with the given interval in the original set.
Drops a string from the source while the given closure returns true. If the closure returns
Adds a topological node to the list.
Prints the given text to the console. If the text ends with str the text will be
Removes all values from the array and resizes the array to the size of the array.
Recursively divide the data into a list of integers. The number of elements in the list is
Assert that the given threads stay alive after the given delay. If any of the given threads
Creates a new worker manager with the given id. The worker manager is a non - serial
Called when a message is received from the client.
insert into the stack via the algorithm specified by the given parameters. The stack is not modified
Check if the threshold has exceeded the number of distinct projections and the number of incoming bindings
Convert a string to a byte array.
Returns the maximum length of the text. This is the number of characters in the text.
Writes a set of characters to the output buffer. This method will flush the output buffer if
Round the point to the left in the given direction.
Determine the proxy to use for the target host. If the target host is not a proxy
Adds a reference to the source and reference positions. If the source and reference positions are already
Returns an array of the elements of this vector.
Returns true if the thread is running or false if the thread is not running.
Unwrap a VCF file into a byte array using the SHA - 1 hash of the VCF
Register a new user in the store. If the user already exists it will be overwritten.
Creates a SELECT statement with the specified columns. The columns can be specified in the order of
Test compliance of a class with a given mbean interface.
Converts a template sequence to a set of strings.
Load the key store from the given stream and password. The stream is closed when finished.
Writes the location of the file. This method is called when the location of the file is
Returns the value at the given offset in the vtable. If the offset is greater than
Evaluates the given XPath expression and returns the result as a string. If the expression evaluates to
Converts an http headers object to armeria.
Calculate the RMS for the given audio data.
Initializes the program and initializes the uniform array and the number of the uniform in the program.
Returns true if the given alias exists in this locale.
Invert the selected relations.
Test for negation of a floating point number.
Bind the key store to this context.
Draws the centers of all connections in the block to the given canvas.
Returns true if the targeters of the given instruction are a branch.
Load the trust manager from the keystore.
Returns true if the current node is outside of the document element of the stack.
Creates a new thread pool with the given name and number of threads. The thread pool is
Invoke the given method with the given parameters or throw a runtime exception if the method throws an
Clears this node from its list and sets the depth to the number of nodes to zero.
Adds a helper text color to the list of helper text colors. The helper text will be
Advances to the next minute.
Create a stream of tokens for the given attribute source. The list of tokens is used to
Resolve a class from the given class descriptor. This method is called when a class is found
Returns a copy of the given map with all keys and values set to true in the given
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified range of the specified
Adds a synthetic edge to the given collection.
Adds a set of states to this state machine.
Read an object from the given input stream.
Get the first occurrence of a key in the windows table. If the table does not exist
Adds a task to the tasker.
Initialize the compute program.
Sorts the values in this set.
Read an object from a byte array.
Generates a new storage group name for the given policy name. If the group name already exists
Asserts that the column types in the result set are the same as the types in the expected
Add a group of actions to the current action. The actions will be executed in the order
Adds a new row to the table.
Pushes the current term onto the pending buffer.
literal - > numeric type literal literal - > numeric type literal - > numeric type literal -
Compare and set the head of the list and return true if they are the same.
Removes a node from the set of dependent nodes.
Creates a new concurrent hash map with aggressive concurrency.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given event. If the connection is not allowed
Returns the next non - whitespace character from the reader.
Returns an iterator over the literal result attributes.
Parse the given string into a hash map. If the string is null returns an empty map
Adds all elements in the given collection to the priority queue. If the collection is already a
Returns the resource id of the current schema node or null if there is no current schema node
Returns true if the configuration is the initial state of the configuration. If the configuration is the
Denormalizes the given character sequence by adding a line separator at the end of the string
Create a new file with a default schema.
Returns true if the task has aborted execution false otherwise.
Append a key - value pair to the hashmap. If the hashmap already contains the
Skips num bytes in gzipped data.
test web data
Print a boolean value to the output stream.
Initialize a new shared memory space.
Closes the connection to the database. This method is called when the database connection is closed.
Returns a new version with the specified qualifier added.
Load an unsigned 16 - bit value from the source code at the given address.
Convert byte array to hex string.
Unregister a baggage handler.
Creates a new dataset with the specified number of samples. The dataset must contain at least x
Checks if two arrays have the same elements in the same order as the ones in the other
Collects the next text node from the buffer and stores it in the first text node.
Unproxies the given annotation.
Parse the given text and return a list of nodes representing the parsed expression.
Adds a section to the tick mark.
Calculate the q - i for the given function and lambda.
Flush the output stream to the underlying output stream.
Deletes the specified number of characters from the end of the string.
Adds a new plotter to the plotter list.
Returns the first node with key kkey less than or equal to kkey and less than
Adds a live listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when speedruns change.
Searches for the first occurrence of a character in the input string starting at the given index.
Applies an action to the specified fault. If the fault does not exist it will be created
Returns true if the given string contains any whitespace.
Decodes the given base64 encoded string into an object of the given coder type.
Perform the validation on the given set of strings.
Adds the given values to the sum of the summation functions. The summation
Get a list of the users in the database. If restricted is true then only the users
Applies the linear function to the input and outputs. The input and output values are stored in
Adds a long parameter to the URL. If the key is null then the value will be
Compares two objects according to this comparator.
Adds an action listener to the check box.
Calculates the bounds of the text.
Returns a new G object that is the sum of this and the sum of other.
Returns a string representation of this element.
Returns the offset of the first field of the given class or any of its superclasses.
Log a message at the warning level. If the log level is higher than warning the message
Returns the first element of the list. If the list is empty null is returned.
Called when an action is performed. This method is called when an action is performed.
test unwrap 04
upgrade a server instance with the given name and id.
Creates a new instance of the given class.
Pops the last argument from the stack. If the last argument is an argument of the
Create a new msrp session for the given contact.
Create a forum post config.
Draws the mark at the given position.
This method is called when the component is resized. This method is called when the component is
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Changes the value of the given label. If the new value is different from the current value
Writes a chunk of data to the output stream.
Update the angle of the specified point. If the angle of the point is greater than the
Join the current thread without waiting for another thread to finish. This method will block until all
Clamp the view position so that it is on the left and right corner of the drag
Wrap the servlet request in an HTTP request. The servlet request is passed to the super class
Convert x - axis value to panel x - axis value.
Forward the given request to the target controller. The target controller is the target controller of the
Returns a set of primary keys for the given owner and table. The primary keys will be
Read a number of bits from the input stream.
Returns the next token in the tree starting from num to end of the tree starting from offset
Adds a CSV record to the list of records to be processed. If the record is null
Enqueue a message to be sent to the queue.
Await a match. If the match is successful the item is added to the linked transfer
Joins the given char array with the given separator. If the separator is null the string is
Find an object binding by key qualifier.
Initialize the compute program. This is called by the constructor to initialize the compute program.
check if task completed success or failure from response
m b centered on the horizontal side of the graph. The center is centered on the horizontal
Append the text to the message body.
This method is called when an instance is restored from a bundle. This method is called when
Sets the hour and day of the month.
this method is called when the user clicks on the next file in the list. this method
Is connected using WiFi.
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying writer. This is called when the output stream is
Returns true if the index is empty.
Process the given XML file with the given progress listener. The progress listener will be notified when
Extracts the music id from the given media id.
Gets the current scope.
Builds the parameters for the given method. The first parameter is the first parameter of the method
Returns true if the given cell is contained in this set.
Generate a simplex with the given random number generator.
Returns an array of the same size as the given array but with null values converted to their
Process the new lines of the file. If the file is missing the file is ignored.
Initializes the lookup map.
Returns a string representation of this format.
Reads the data from the specified input stream.
Adjust indentation level. Delta can be less than or equal to the number of indentation levels.
Returns the number of elements in the buffer.
Parse a code string. This is the main entry point for the parser. It assumes that
Returns a random string between omin and omax. If omin or omax is
Open a B - tree and open it for use in tests. This is a test case
Search for a file in a list of paths and return the first one that exists.
Returns true if there is an unsupported critical extension. If there is no critical extension returns false
Format the given value with the given field and return the result as a string.
Load configuration from jvm parameters.
Check if user is authorized to perform soft sign - in. If the user is not authorized
Test view alter and command cache.
Returns true if the amount is an approximate unit of the given size. If the amount is
Create an element with the given tag namespace uri and prefix. If prefix is null prefix will
Modifies a file by applying a function to the contents of the file. The file is
state2. This is the second step of the state machine. This is the state machine
Test the list of available options.
Computes the longitude and latitude of a point on the surface of the Earth s surface.
Notifies the component that the size of the image has changed. This method should be called
Remove a turntable object from the list of turntable objects. This method is called when
Called when the end of an element is encountered. This method is called by the SAX parser
Converts a buffered image into a matrix.
Creates a new instance of the file system. This is the default implementation of the file system
Returns the number of scheduled tasks in the queue.
Creates a modal dialog with the given name and parent. The modal will be created with the
Destroys the scene.
Add a limited mitre join to the line.
Removes all base64 characters from the given byte array and returns the resulting array.
test multiply diff scale pos neg
Ensure that the given lease duration is less than or equal to or greater than the given limit
Returns the cookie path from the given path. If the given path is null returns the original
Format a double as a simple decimal.
Generates a new category item label with the given label format and date format.
Make a unique identifier from an SNMP oid.
Cache an attribute. This method is called when a new attribute is added to the cache.
Reads a grant from the input stream. The input stream must be a buffered reader instance.
Injects a characterstic value into the volume information container.
Called when a recycler view is detached. This method is called when a recycler view
Load an ARFF file into the table.
Try gzipping the input stream. If the input stream is not gzipped the input stream
Returns the hash code of this location. If the location is null then the hash code is
Creates a new range query with the given field and prefix length. The prefix length must be
Create a new subject with the given user.
Expands the vector at the given index with the given number of elements filled with the given
Do the normal command line list.
Load a hex image into the tileset.
Performs a triangulation of the given point set. The point set will be triang
Encodes the given byte array into a base64 string. The string is URL - safe.
Write java field spec.
Read an object from the given input stream.
Parse the given reader with the given base URI. The base URI must be the base URI
Removes the destination statement from the given text.
Adds the escapes to the given string. The escapes are added to the end of the string
Adds a file to the list of files to be processed.
Inserts a new item at the specified row with the specified items at the specified row index.
Updates the min and max values from the given collection of integers. This method is deprecated.
Returns a buffer containing the major version number. The buffer is guaranteed to be at least num
Sets the source of the index request.
Create the data to sign with the given digest.
Sets the timestamp of the last modified request. The timestamp of the last modified request will be
Returns the absolute path of the temporary file.
Creates a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions. If the dimensions array is
Play together the given collection of animators. The collection must have at least num animators
Prints the error message for the given exception.
Returns a string representation of the request statistics.
Apply the L1 regularization to the input vector x. The L1 regularization is
Called when a key is pressed. This method is called when the user presses the key
Returns the contents of the given URL in the given encoding. If an exception is thrown it
Get the participants of a load. The participants are loaded by the extensions. The participants are
Determine the preference vector for a given neighbor.
Paint the disabled arrow.
flip bit negative inside 1.
on user.
Returns true if there is a next event in the stream false otherwise.
Extract an XMP file from an input stream.
Initializes the given validator with the given client. If the client is null the global validator is
cross over the given bayes net representation. This is a cross - over operation.
Resets the state of the engine to its initial state. The state is reset to the initial
Create a new user perspective. If show is true the user perspective will be shown.
Calculate the Hungarian error value for a given error. The error is assumed to
Returns a string representation of the given type.
Returns the base64 encoded string representation of this object.
Throws an exception if the current token is not of the given type.
update 3.
Sets the value of the column to null. This is done by executing a prepared statement.
Returns true if the given type is assignable from the given type.
demand details insert penalty. If chq bounce penalty is greater than zero then the
Read the sample info from a byte buffer.
Handle a maintenance operation. This method is called when the group is being maintained.
Time the given callable with the current time. The callable will be called with the current time
Returns true if the given version is a post - release version of the given bytecode.
Adds a mapping for the given type and source to the request.
Finds a template in the given path. If the template is not found null is returned.
Initialize the cache with the contents of the root directory. This is called when the cache is
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a circular progress view is
Initialize the site status check thread.
Renders a single glyph to the given G2 object with the given scaling and scaling.
Returns a copy of this template with all the variables removed and replaced with the given list.
Releases a reference to the thread context. If the count reaches zero the thread context will be
Delete all tables from the database.
find one pet category by uuid
Mark a default session token as removed.
Exchange the given request with the given origin with the given request and origin.
Discards an alpha value from a range of alpha values. The alpha value is clamped
Convert unix time to file time.
Encrypt plaintext with the given secret keys using the given encoding. If the encoding is unsupported the
Removes the given address from the list of addresses.
Measure the size of the image. If the width or height of the image is larger than
Fires an end element trace event.
verify migrate from product home
Get the history as an array of spanned HTML strings.
Format the given message with the given arguments.
Insert the prosody settings into the utterance if they are not already present.
Create a folder if it doesn t already exist.
Translate the matrix after a rotation.
Creates a text ticker with the given title and body. The ticker starts with a bold bold
Adds the given protocol type to the given set if it does not already exist.
Returns a string representation of the class name the number of elements and the name of the class
Adds the given key to the table.
Load configuration from resource.
Log a message with a specific level filename line number method tag level and message.
Draws the chart in the vertical direction.
Construct a public key from an encoded key and an encoded key algorithm. If no such algorithm
Returns the number of hits that match the given query.
Returns true if the given expression is true for the given left side operator and right side.
Adds a header with the given name and value to the response. If the header already exists
Returns the maximum value found in the stream using the provided comparator. If no value is found
Writes a single line of text to the underlying output stream.
Test write correct rejection empty record.
Commits the current state of the timer. This method is called when the timer is committed.
update 7.
Extract an indented string from the given line. The indent width is the number of spaces that
Get the full path of the given filename. If include separator is true return the full path
Checks if the status line matches the given character and adds the filename to the container if it
divide by half down neg2
Encodes the given plain string using the given character set and returns the result as a new string
Slide the picker up or down. If the picker is not currently shown it will be shown
Add one or more sticky drawer items to the drawer. The items will be added to the
Returns true if the log level is debug or even even more permissive.
Reset the iterator to its initial state. The iterator will be reset to its initial state.
Convert sine angle to radians.
Extract the data from the stego file. This method is called when the steg
Creates a new session id from the given encrypted id and a prototype session id.
Create a cardinal spline path.
Returns true if this sequence matches the given sequence false otherwise.
Compares two comparable objects. If the first object is equal to the second object the result is
Check root by super user apk.
Adds the given expression to the end of the expression list.
Synchronously execute a task on the rest of the iterator. If the iterator is exhausted the
Finds the component with the given name in the given container. If no component with the given
Returns true if the template is an implementation of fingerprint.
Writes a float field to the JSON file.
Extract the column keys from the given line. The column keys are separated by the field delimiter
Draws a rhombus.
Convert and fill byte buffer list to byte array list.
Instantiates a new instance of the given class using the given sibling class. The sibling class
Generates a derived key from the password and the salt. The derived key is the length of
Test system run finalization returns even if queue is empty.
Shows the keyguard view with the given options. The options parameter can be used to specify
Computes the width of the given string using the given font metrics.
Checks if the given accessibility event passes sanity checks.
This method is called when an action is performed. This method is called when an action is
Returns the string representation of the given date. If the given date is null returns the string
Creates a new data source with the given name properties and segments.
Creates an e field with the given value.
Creates a new address object from the given server URL serial number and password.
Adds a change listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a change is made.
Sets the value of the permission for a specific node. If the permission is set to null
Sets the rowspan and colspan of the cell.
Open a new XML element with the given name.
Format the given string with the given format and set the id to the integer representation of the
Returns true if this interval is equal to the given interval. If this interval is null then
Returns the url relative to the base url.
Start the task. This method should be called at the beginning of the task s execution.
Initializes the journal with the given checkpoint and metadata and read - only flag. This method is
Close the plog stream.
Parse the first consonant in the first syllable.
Initialize the buddy panel controller.
Run javac on the specified classpath.
Pauses the current thread and returns true if the current thread interrupted by the current thread.
Returns a list of platforms that are gpu - based.
Adds an action request helper to the list of request helpers that this action helper depends on.
Returns true if the given object is an instance of the date class.
Convert a configuration object to an XML string. If pretty xml is true the output will be
Build a list of quadrilateral points.
Heapify the given element up in the two - heap starting from index twopos.
Insert a new key - value pair into the trie. If the key already exists it will
Unlocks the thread. This method is called when the thread is done with the lock.
Returns true if the file extension is a sub - format of the file extension false otherwise.
Writes the constant pool to the given output stream.
Initializes a new properties object.
Adds a network listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the network changes.
Append the content of the given request to the given appendable. The content is appended to the
Adds an error listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an error occurs.
Validates that the given property name is a valid class name. If not an exception is thrown
Imports the base types for the given module id and raw module id.
Read a matrix from a node.
Record file system operation.
This method is called when an exception occurs. It sets the error code and the error message
Create a new modal dialog with the given parent and frame. This is the main entry point
Returns a list of dynamic VM paths for the given java project. If the java project has
Normalizes the given number by replacing the number s length with the normalized version of the number.
Skip to the given index.
Remove an organization configuration.
Remove a group listener.
Sets the mapping between the source and the task name and the partition number of the changelog.
Extract the key from the given name.
Calculate the spacing between the current motion and the current event.
Transforms a string map into a string map with the given key and value types.
Creates a new component manager with the given seeds. The seeds will be added to the current
Removes all observers from the list of observers.
Unsynchronizes the input stream with the output stream. The input stream will not be
Calculates the general encryption key for the given user password o and p values. If metadata is
Captures the message in the context of the given logger. The message will be logged with
Unzips a gzipped byte array into a new byte array.
Inserts the given item into the given combo box.
Pauses the specified coroutine. If the coroutine is not active this method will throw an exception
Returns true if there is an error in the last line of the output. If there is
Converts a number to a JSON string.
convert a string to a hash map
Returns an unmodifiable view of the map s key. This method is thread - safe.
Start the audio stream. This method will be called when the audio stream is ready to be
Propagates this propagation to the given lineage. The lineage must be cloned before calling this method
Set the execution time for the native interpreter.
Indent a block of text with a given number of spaces.
Reduces a calendar to a number of seconds minutes and hours. The result is a copy
Surround a string with a prefix and suffix if it does not already exist.
Returns the first non - null point in the given points array or null if there are no
Trims or pads a string to a certain length. If the string is longer than
Schedule to timer pool. If poller pool is polling mode reschedule if will expire before execution
Decrypts the given input with the given key length and returns the cipher parameters.
Log the operating system and system information.
Writes the string before the current value.
Generates a hash from the given input string. If the input string is empty returns null.
Generate a native guid for the given transport type device type and fabric id.
test add servlet with name and jsp file
Returns true if the given value is the same as this instance s value as the given other
Log an error with a specific message and throwable.
Remove an event listener from the list of listeners.
Creates a new execution system with the given uri and environment variables.
Returns true if the given type is a command token or a case token.
Sends the given report to the outgoing queue.
Returns true if the string starts with the concatenation of the given strings.
Test that the result set is ordered by the data type. The result set is sorted by
fire mouse clicked event to all listeners and return true if the event was consumed false otherwise.
Format an array of values as a SQL query string.
Paints the top edge of the border.
analyze all it and write the results to the specified output directory.
Executes the given SQL statement and returns the number of affected rows.
Returns the current thread s time in milliseconds.
Create a new entry from a list of lines.
Clear the parser highlights and damage the text area. This is called when the
Reads a short from the input stream.
Formats the given value into the given buffer starting at the given offset. If the value is
Append a char array to the end of the buffer. If the buffer is longer than the
check if the user has the permission for the given login in the given order. if the
Returns true if this string is an annotation of the interface.
Returns true if this basic block is equivalent to the given other basic block.
Calculates and returns the checksum of the file.
Returns true if the current state is a long label ; otherwise returns false.
Creates a secret block with the given data. The data is placed at the given position.
Installs the given file in the given context. If the file does not exist or is
Recursive method to create the list of items to be inserted. This method will recursively create the
Read the metadata of an outline file.
Returns the length of a run given a run length. The run length is the number of
Read length bytes from the input stream into a byte array.
Sets the parameters of the global constraint to the given parameters. The parameters are assumed to be
Create a new overlay with the given config. The config string can be a comma - separated
Calculates a brute force revocation hash for the given seed and target. If the target is
fancy loader that loads a class from a parent class loader. If the class is not
Returns true if the source file has been modified since the last time it was last read.
Flips the contents of the current buffer.
Load the value from the given string. If the string is not a byte the default value
Get a list of all namespaces for the given soap element.
Draw the hook.
Compress the given bitmap to a byte array using the given format and quality.
This method is called when the continue button action is performed. This method is called when the
Send a flush request to the remote node. This method is called when the remote node is
Reset the display to its initial state. This is useful when you want to reset the display
Copy all files from source to dest. If dest does not exist it will be created.
Rebuilds the journal file.
Record the log data to the log file. If the log file does not exist nothing is
Load the rewrites from the given string into a list of commands.
Returns a list of all options in the form of an enumeration of option objects.
Read state machine.
http request event handler.
test constructor bytes negative2
Format a double value using the default decimal format if one is available.
Removes a collection of items from the data set. The positions must be in ascending order.
Reset the bounds of the shape to the current size.
Try to get a colour from a string.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Execute a random modification on a modifiable variable holder. The field of the modifiable variable
Save the content to the given file.
Delete old temp files.
Flushes the code to the repository. This method will throw an exception if there is no
Create a buffered image from an RGB image.
Despawn the specified object. The object will not be re - spawned until the
Returns the event topic with the given event id. If no event id is given the event
Matches the current state of the matcher against the current state of the matcher and returns the result
Create a project constraint from a zip file.
Decodes the given string using the default charset. If the given string is null returns null.
Creates a copy of the current extent to the given extent.
Returns the class loader for the calling class. If the caller doesn t have access to the
Helper method to create a dash path effect from a string. The string is assumed to be
Returns the angle of the given color in radians. The angle is the angle in radians.
Parses the old bounded size.
Adds an encoded query parameter to the request.
Create a link with the given name ad and button. The link is created with the given
Creates a new namespace with the given creator qualifier owner and users.
Increments and returns the current value and returns the new value. The current value will be
Update the bubble with the given time and ratio. The bubble will be drawn at the given
Removes all elements from the array. This method can be used to clear the contents of the
Acquires the lock. This method is called when the thread is holding the lock.
Removes all entries from the cache.
Update podcast publication date and last episode media url.
Remove our UI from the defaults map. This is done by adding the UI name to each
Returns an immutable copy of this object.
Performs a pre - computed knn query on the given database and distance query using the given k
Adjusts the positions in the given set to be between the given start and end positions.
Appends the given id to the given string builder.
Create an available migration for the given version.
Add a comment to the document. The comment will be added to the end of the document
Draw an image on the surface. The image is transformed according to the given transformation.
Called when the user clicks on the agent. This method is called when the user clicks on
Select all elements in the array.
Adds a raw value to the NVP.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Read an unsigned integer from the stream.
Returns a list of ro options for the given address type.
Add a pause listener to the animation.
Make this node immutable.
Adds a component to the list of components.
Opens the specified URL in the browser. The browser will be closed when the URL is closed
Invalidates the specified line. The line will be relocated in the text area.
Create a raster from the given sample model at the given origin.
Initializes this instance with the values from the given uri.
Removes and returns the last element in the list or null if there are no more elements.
Checks if a notification is registered for a given client and notification type.
Reads the output of the given process and returns it as a collection of strings.
Fills the header and footer with the given data model.
Adds the given operand to the list of operands.
Calculate the total amount of the collected accounts.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the beginning of this buffer. The number of bytes
Remove all the ims from the map.
Escape a string for use in an ASCII code point.
Copy the contents of a reader into this object. The encoding of the reader will be set
Clear the dictionary cache. This is done by removing all the keys from the dictionary cache.
Convert an array of objects to a string. If the array is longer than the specified size
Rename a file. If the old file is renamed to the new file the old file is
Executes a camera command in the background and returns a future that will be completed when the command
Returns a set of names of the given kind.
Returns the number of characters in the text.
Serialize a digest response.
Populate the combos for the given activity. The combos will be added to the activity
Returns the JSON encoding for the given media type and HTTP headers. If no encoding is found
Convert an image to an image of the same type. If the image is of the same
Returns the start time of the timer. The start time is the current time of the timer
Moves to the next view in the list. If the list is empty it moves to the
Returns true if the string is a valid hh or mm. If the string is not a
Simulate a method. If the method is an instance method will be called otherwise the default
Cache a method. This method is called when a method is declared on a class or interface
Test set bit top positive.
Destroys all beans in the given context map.
Closes the given output stream. If the stream is null nothing is done.
Returns the item at the given index.
Returns the width of a character to be displayed in the current line.
Creates a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it already exists throws an exception.
Sets the timestamp of the stream to the given timestamp. The stream will be reset to the
Encodes a list of coordinates into a string.
Extract the weight values from the list of synapses and store them in the weights array.
Close the buffer and close the database connection. This method is called when the connection is closed
Returns true if the hash set contains all of the hashes in the given list.
Ensure that the buffer is at least enough to hold the specified number of bytes.
Returns true if the phone number is valid for the current region.
Trim the URL from the end of the string if it ends with the string.
Returns the next key and the list of classes in the classification block. If an exception occurs
Adds an alpha to a color string. The alpha will be rounded to the nearest multiple of
Stop the server and wait for all requests to finish.
Copy the state of this variable into the given state. The state must be the same length
Attempt to read a response from the server.
Adds an element to the queue. If the queue is full the method blocks until the queue
Gets the translatable component.
Adds a PDU part at the specified index.
Inserts a string into the buffer at the specified index. If the index is greater than the
Returns true if this rule has the given nature and weapon.
Dumps the current state of the cluster to the logger.
Opens the connection to the server. This method is called when the connection to the server is
Finds a conversion from the source value to the target value. If the target value is assignable
Advance an API up to the given time tree.
Update user roles.
Sends the request option to the server and parses the response. This method is called by the
Run the comparison test with the given properties. The properties are expected to be in the format
Adds a delete to the list. If the list is already at the end of the list
Returns the maximum of two numbers.
Adds a new container to the image.
Writes the approximation to the given output object. This method is called by the Java serialization code
Adds a dot expression to the chain.
Get the current request.
Creates a hash for the given password using the algorithm specified by the key spec.
Schedule a commercial action.
Returns the hash code of this matrix. The hash code is the same as the hash code
Unsubscribes a message from the topic. If the queue is full the message will
Returns true if the operating system is a digital unix.
Disconnects from the server and kills the keepalive.
Returns true if the compound name ends with the given compound name. If the compound name ends
Calculates the total height of a star based on its size number of stars separation and padding
Returns true if the string is a regular expression false otherwise. If the string is not a
Returns true if there is a specialized handler for the given intent. If there is no specialized
Flushes the output buffer to the output stream. The output stream will be flushed to the
Attaches the footer to the given content.
Creates a new sentence with the given connective and children. The first argument is the connect
test is state preserved 1.
Initializes the store. This method is called when the store is initialized. This method is called
Creates a cumulative histogram with the sum of the values of the keys in the histogram.
Update icons for a given package. If the package does not exist it will be created.
Parse a date time string into a date time data object.
Adds values to the specified attribute. If the attribute does not exist it will be created.
Test park until the duration is in the range [ 0 num ).
Sets the current commit index for this segment manager.
Finishes all the fragments in the stream. This method is called when all the fragments have
Writes a UTF - 8 string to the output stream. The length of the string is limited
Convert hex string to string no exception.
Returns a collection of all scenarios and examples that match the tags of the given feature.
Rate to speed string.
Returns the next element in the stream or - 1 if there are no more elements.
Returns true if the queue size is set or false if it is not set.
Returns the string representation of the given coefficient.
create event create test index creation status with bulk data hit
Validates the given value against the given rule. If the value is the same as the rule
Find the uri of the given owner.
Returns a random number in the range [ start end ).
Inserts an event into the response queue. If the predicate returns true the event is added to
Algorithm parameter spec.
Returns true if the given character is a token. A token is either a letter a digit
Draws the lines and the data points for the given date set. The lines are drawn in
Adds an element type.
Create a log tag for the given class.
Writes a string to the output stream. If the string is null then nothing is written.
Refrag a URI to a new URI with the scheme specific part and fragment.
Override paint to paint the outline. This method is called when the component is added to the
Writes the game data to a byte array and returns the byte array.
Adds an import.
Draw the head arrow.
Initialize a dynamic class loader. This method is called when a dynamic class loader is created.
Unmarshals the parameters of the given method.
Load exception sensor data from the service.
Create a resource name from a resource name and a locale.
Convert an array of objects to a string using the given displayable renderer.
Draws the icon on the specified graphics context.
Execute a query and return the number of affected rows.
Resets the runtime to its initial state and resets the read properties to its initial state.
Convert an image to a buffered image. If the image is already a buffered image it will
Returns true if the task is cancelled. Otherwise it will fail the task and return false.
Removes the given edge from the set of out edges.
Returns true if the given event name is generatable.
Add a message to the queue. If the queue is empty the message will be added to
Set the date to wait for the query to occur. The date will be formatted according to
Returns true if the touch position is in the range of the thumb value.
Delete all files in the given base directory.
Returns true if the column can be collided with.
Updates the counter with the given duration and time. The duration is converted to nanoseconds.
Submits a new task to the queue. If the queue already contains a task with the
Creates an executor that distributes tasks to the thread pool. The task distributor will be
Dump the audio data to the given writer.
Adds a buffered field to the editor.
Add a new incomplete expansion room to the list of incomplete expansion rooms and return the new room
Computes the desired ellipsoid magnitude.
Trims the given character sequence from the beginning and end of the given string.
Validate vnx smis.
Calculate the next trace. If the current trace is at fanout end the next trace is
Convert an object to a byte buffer.
Writes bytes to the channel.
Create a new sensor with the given system name and user name.
Returns the maximum of the two distances.
Fill a polygon with the given points.
Write the EXIF data to the given output stream. The output stream will be closed after
Decode a base 256 segment from the given bit source.
Go to the current day of the month. If the month is out of date range the
Converts an ip address into an array of bytes where the first byte is the ip address and
Returns true if the current template is valid and false if it is invalid.
Take an object from the queue. If the queue is empty this method will return null.
Cumulative distribution of a normal distribution with respect to the mean and standard deviation.
Destroys this connection and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the
emit an atom. num is the index of the next character in the pattern. num is
Creates a unary operator from a list of command line UDIDs.
Check if network is connected or connecting.
Called when the user clicks on a tab closing. This method is called when the user clicks
Adds a new collection to the collection registry.
Sends a close packet to the server. If the connection is forced the close packet will be
Replace all collapsed edges in the list with the new ones.
Update the current position with a new fraction of the current position. The new position will be
Set the root pane and the UI object that will be used to display the title of the
Returns a string representation of the list of strings.
Writes a 64 - bit integer to the stream.
Returns a list of filenames that match any of the given names in the given directories.
Returns a charset with the given name or null if no charset with the given name exists.
Sets the number as an integer. The number must be greater than or equal to zero.
Dumps the given stack trace as an error message with the given message. The stack trace is
execute a query and process each row in the result set. if a listener is not null
Generate a synthetic name from the given signature. The signature must start with the given string.
Returns true if the specified feature id is set in this route. If the feature id is
Map a library name to its native string representation.
Returns the next matcher in the stream.
Process the queue of fragments. This method is called by the fragment loader thread. This method
Adds a private field to the given class with the given name. The field will be declared
Reconstructs the private subrs for the given font.
Matches the given string and moves the cursor to the end of the string. Returns true if
Initializes the GL context. This method is called when the GL context is initialized. This method
Removes all views from the stack and removes them from the transient state. If the stack is
Contributes the token request parameters to the given query string.
Reads characters from the current position in the document into the specified buffer starting at the specified offset
Add a lenient string to the end of the line.
Merge the children of the given node into the current node.
Checks that the string a is negative and that the string b is the negative value of c
Creates a new instance of the given item type and binds it to the given parameters.
Creates a simple panel with the given experiment. The panel will be created in the given experiment
Adds a listener to the end of the list of listeners to be notified when an event is
Process the command - line arguments and extract the locale information.
check if zoning is required.
This method initializes the XML structure.
Returns true if the parameter has a value with the given name. If the parameter does not
Returns true if this string starts with the given prefix.
Returns true if a window of the given class is present in the window set.
Fires a property change event for the given property name and old and new values.
Fade to a layer.
Returns a hash code for the given boolean array.
Creates a new surface object from the given source object. The source object must not be null
parse string into soot method and class parse soot method and class parse soot method
Initialize the Mary instance. This method is called when the Mary instance is started.
Returns the index of the first character in the specified column. If the specified column is the
Decodes a color string into a color object. If the color is not found the default color
Returns a list of mary modules required for processing the given mary data types.
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and the given object
Calculates the elapsed time in milliseconds for all garbage collection beans in this thread pool.
Close the connection to the server. This method is called when the connection is closed.
Adds all entries from the source list to the source list and returns the number of distinct entries
Start a new object with the specified number of fields. This is the start of the object
produce stream.
Creates a string containing the specified number of characters.
Add a new connection to the list of active connections. This method will block until the connection
Trims the specified number of characters from the beginning and end of the specified character sequence.
Add a listener to be notified when the script is finished.
This method is called when a purchase has been consumed. It is called when the consumer is
Test put byte array.
Concatenate multiple double arrays into a single double array. The resulting array will have the same
Ensure that the array has at least the given capacity. If the array is not large enough
Adds a new value to the histogram with the given category and minimum and maximum values.
Adds a session number to the list of test elements to be executed. The session number is
Calculate the rotation angle in degrees from the center point and the target point.
Returns the number of matches in the given sequence.
Write a crl value to the stream.
Log a message at the verbose level. If the verbose level is greater than or equal to
Calculate the log probability for a given number of appear values and a given mu value.
Sets the target pid to the target pid with a tolerance of the specified value.
Called when a drag drop operation is finished.
Writes the given log to the table and returns the key of the newly - created row.
Insert an entry into the dynamic table.
Extracts the secret access key from the given S3 URI.
Dials a contact. If the contact information is the same as the message it will be
Adds a soot class to the list of classes that should be marked as safe.
Returns true if there is room in the active list.
Returns true if the server is currently running or false if the server is not running.
Parse a RSLP file into a map of steps. Each step contains the name of
Returns a string representation of this bet.
Test that the journal is non - empty.
Check if the pusher is an IP address. If it is an Ethernet address then
Quick version of the power of a value with a quick logarithm. This is faster than
Returns the canonical name of the given class and all enclosing classes starting from the given class.
Writes the given counter to the current position in the file.
Returns a map of annotations that are imported from the given package in the order in which they
Get the osm element from the storage. If the mode is cut the osm element
Mark the cursor as being updated. If the cursor has not yet been updated this method will
Returns true if the mouse button is the middle mouse button.
Adds a success message to the list of success messages.
Called when the start stopped state has changed.
Close the input stream. This method will block until the input stream is closed.
Returns the next log segment sequence number based on the given list of log segment metadata.
Assert that the given string is a specific language.
Randomly choose a fuse block. This is the number of blocks that have been exploded.
Returns true if there are any threads that have been queued for reading. This method is safe
Returns the number of milliseconds that have elapsed since the last time the timer was called.
Checks if the condition is true. If it is false an error is generated.
Add a cos definition.
Creates a new source data quality object from the given XML element.
q - > q - > q - > q - > q - > q - >
Generate a JWT with the given secret id ttl iss and claims.
Adds a list of exported symbols to the symbol table. The names are the names of the
Returns true if the given set of fulfilling bits is set to the given set of
Adds a data source listener to this data source. The listener will be notified when the data
Finds the effective annotation in the qualifier hierarchy.
Sets the lifecycle state to failed and notifies all listeners that the lifecycle has failed.
Read n bytes from the input stream into the given buffer starting at the given position.
Computes the correlation coefficient between two vectors. The correlation coefficient is the sum of the difference between
Finishes parsing the current group. This method is called when the current group is complete.
Cancel the included only button.
Kills all entries in the list.
Create an error dialog with the given title and message.
Reads the index suffix from the given input and checks that the suffix matches the given expected suffix
m tag method
Parse a disk string into an array of tokens.
Returns true if the given object is trusted by the given context. This method is thread safe
Create a new persistent search request with a list of changes.
Connect the source neurons to the target neurons using the equalized connection density.
Multiplies the left by the right character and returns the result as a number.
Normalizes the given character sequence to the length of the given string. If the sequence does not
Add a new zone change listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a change
Writes a byte to the buffer.
This method is called when the listener is started. This method is called when the listener is
Returns a list of the logical values in this matrix as a flat list.
Reset the schedulers. This method is called when the schedulers are no longer
Computes the hash key for the given key.
Records the current timestamp in the diffs array. If the timestamp is greater than the current timestamp
Tear down the thread. If the thread is interrupted the assertion fails. If the thread
Parse the given string into this object. The buffer size is set to the length of the
Returns the default max radius.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a char array.
Returns the number of pending workers.
Inserts a new component at the specified index.
Unescapes the given source string using the given escape character special characters and split character.
Append the contents of the input stream to the specified path. The path is relative to the
Put all entries in the given map into the hash map. The handler will be called with
Adds a new rule to the graph.
Appends the given data to the end of the current segment.
Check if the current keystore is the latest DSS keystore in the parse result.
Initialize the resource bundle with the given name. If the given name already exists it will be
The warehouse support for this layer. The warehouse supports the warehouse graph. The
Returns true if the name matches the java package convension.
Remember a factory for a given host. If the number of hosts exceeds the maximum remembered
Returns the next character in the input stream or null if there are no more characters.
Remove the first entry in the list and return it. If the list is empty return null
This method is called when a task is cancelled. It is called when the task is cancelled
Normalizes a range of the source array to a range of the destination array. The destination array
Remove obsolete elements from the list of names and shared elements.
Removes an action from the list of actions.
Compute the buffer distance error.
Get the next header and sequence from the stream.
Adds a character to the end of the string.
Returns true if the given interface ID is a valid interface ID false otherwise.
Removes a child group from this group.
Checks if a storage port exists in the database.
Appends a split to the end of the list of splits.
Create a new osm element processor and attach it to the map builder.
Flushes the output stream and closes the underlying output stream. The output stream will be closed
Get the direct connection.
Appends the given national number to the given string and returns the result. If the national number
Cut the selected objects from the list. The selected objects will be deleted from the list.
Stop the LED.
Releases the lock on the index.
Configures the command line prefix. This method is called when the command line prefix is set.
Write a transformation matrix to the output stream.
Checks that the sign of the string is positive and that the number is greater than or equal
Prepends a painter to the chain at the beginning of the chain. The chain will be
Parses an operator from the given token stream.
Drag to the specified object. The object will be dragged to the specified number of steps
Queues up the syncs for the given cursor.
Remove the series at the given index from the list of series.
Add a glue to a box. If the axis of the box is the same as the
Writes the given result to the given file.
This method is used to set the Jmx property of the bean. It is used to
Write blocklet info to file.
Renders the given tree into the given string builder with the given indentation level.
Replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression in the given string buffer with the given replacement string
Returns true if the characters in a are equal to the characters in b. If ignore case
Adjust the length of the file to match the length of the given buffer and index.
Returns a list of subnets ordered from the given list of pins. The list of subnets is
Creates a JS method invocation expression.
Performs a double click on the element. If the element does not have a click this method
Creates a new instance of the node class.
Drops the specified tables from the database. If the list of tables is null or empty
Create a new segment with the given descriptor.
Checks if a person with the given email address exists in the list of people.
Returns the maximum of two numbers ignoring any NaNs.
Mark a directory block as having been crabbed down. This method is called when a
Remove a reference to a connection from the source.
Returns true if the current position is a letter or digit.
Vacuums a random environment.
Generate a RMI file from the given class definition.
Add on long click listener.
Remove a creature respawn point.
Creates a photo from the given file. The photo will be saved in the given directory.
Converts a byte array to a long.
Returns the number of characters read from the input. If the input is not a unicode escape
Called when the user enters the mouse.
Remove formatting from a string.
test neg pos first shorter
Print the charge log.
Returns true if the set is empty or false if the set is non - empty.
Writes a local csv file.
Create an organization config.
Delete a domain from the trust manager. If the domain does not exist it is created.
Add a source code remark to the test solution.
Pre - modify event handler. This method is called before an event is added to the list
Save an entity asynchronously. If the entity is already in the database it will be overwritten.
Returns true if the stream is supported by this encoder.
Resolve the name of the parent relation.
Creates a new column with the given default value. The default value will be set to the
Convert a select statement to a tree.
Executes a JavaScript function with the given context.
Creates a new instance of the HTML builder.
Format the sample rate.
Returns true if the connection has been closed.
Starts a new thread with the given hash code. The thread is started in a new thread
The simplifier for a class. This simplifier is used to find the types that are
Escapes the given byte array and returns a new byte array with the escaped bytes.
Returns the native name of the property.
Convert a DOM document to a string.
Returns a mongo client for the members of the given servers.
Convert a string to a boolean. If the string is equal to the string it will be
Returns true if there are more work in the queue or false if there are no more work
Sets the seed for the hash.
Generate a class file from the source code and write it to the output stream.
Returns true if compact font format is enabled or false if the font format is not enabled.
Main entry point for the test program.
If the feature starts with str or starts with str replace it with str. Otherwise return the
Calculates the height of the demo text within the specified paint context.
Throws an exception if the executor is being shut down. If the executor is being shut down
Checks the queue for unblocked tasks and executes them if they are not blocked by dependencies.
Invoke a variable on the given object with the given address using the given JNI environment
Fires an indexed property change event for the given property name and index.
Remove all active markers from the marker image. This method is called when a marker is removed
Captures a string token from the input stream and returns it as a preparsed token.
Convert a long value to a localized integer.
parse client handshake packet
Test the test case.
Check that the given value is a valid frame. If it is it is added to the
Create a template from the given string.
Returns true if the custom area should take focus or false if the custom area should not take
Initializes the certificate with the given private key.
Select zones for initiators and ports.
Returns true if the given filename has one of the given extensions false otherwise.
Write the jar resource to the element with the given path. The path is replaced by the
Closes the underlying file and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Sets the event listener that will be called when the typed event is emitted.
Returns a list of all child nodes of the given node.
Set the job context to be run in. This context will be run in a separate thread
Computes the log - likelihood of the number of times a given number of times a given number
Adds a method to this class. If the method is already declared an exception is thrown.
Adds the replication factor to the given operation.
Get the initial splash from the user. If there is no splash return null.
Decode a line suffix from the input stream into the output stream. If the line suffix is
Add a sip transaction to the hash table.
Calculate the spacing between the current motion and the current event.
Returns true if the set contains a polynomial with the given method.
Sets the source target and namespace for the jk object. This method is called when the
Select attribute set instance.
Open the save file if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t open the file
Test the canonicalizing of the transaction cache.
Print an object to the standard output stream.
Stops the timer and runs the given runnable. If the timer is already running it will be
Reads the next number of bytes from the input stream. If the stream is exhausted the method
Generate a graph file.
Close the given output stream logging any errors that occur during the operation.
Add a property change listener to the bean context.
Returns true if the token is expired or false if it is expired.
Load user info into action bar.
Returns the direction for the given arrow key event.
Set the span collection to be used for the trace. This is used to set the spans
Returns true if the entity is persistent.
Returns a java. util. date object given the month day year hour minute and second.
Handle the failure of a Mesos task. This method is called when a Mes
Find config in working directory.
Attempts to add a word to the line. If the line is longer than the max length
Clicks on a specific preference. This method is called when the user clicks on a button
Read www authentication header.
Returns the string representation of the given boolean value or null if the boolean value is null.
Sends the data to the destination and waits for the message to be sent.
Adds a live flag to the query.
Converts a URI to a UTF - 8 encoded string using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the given key exists in the map. If the key does not exist returns
Creates a new allocation site for the given line and column.
Draws an image with the given transformation and observer.
Parse an integer from the given digit chars starting at the given offset and ending at the given
Create a sample of an activity. The sample is a command that will be executed on the
Returns the great circle and extreme locations for the given location and azimuth.
Initializes the given checkbox.
Paint the check mark enabled and selected state.
Returns the index of the first non - name character in the URI or - 1 if none
Write a command to the log.
reload all the photos from the root dir to the root dir with the number of thumbnails.
Creates a new DNS record with the given name type class unique and TTL.
Creates a block of text from a stream of strings.
Adds a content spec to the current element.
Grows the spine by the given number of objects.
Try to reconnect to the server. If the server is not currently open log an error message
Returns an unmodifiable collection of the grid port records.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a string. This method does not close the buffer.
Returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
reset all the xml elements in the list to their initial state.
Returns the distance between this circle and another circle.
Adds a simple command with the given name and arguments. The arguments will be added to the
Grows the size of the vector by adding num elements to the end of the array.
Converts the given table to lower case and returns the result.
The mouse plugin for picking a picking graph. The mouse plugin is a mouse plugin
Performs a breadth first search with the given value traversable and returns an array of the
Sets the view to be rendered with the given type and priority. The view will be rendered
Checks that the number of arguments is equal to or less than the given number.
Send an announcement to the server.
Set the drawing attributes for this node.
Closes the scanner and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the scanner
Create the policy tree.
rollback method for create snapshot
Convert time string to seconds.
Detaches an activity from the map. This method is called when an activity is detached from
Read the settings from the preferences file.
Adds a download to the active list.
add a tla expression to the current line of the TLB.
Returns true if the given hunk is an upper case camel case letter and false otherwise.
Set the type of the given string. The string must be of the same length as this
Returns true if the expression provides an identifier.
Remove redundant affixs from the list. If there are no redundant affixs remove
Returns the next int in the list. If the list is not test free the random list
Resume the update loop. This method is called when the update loop is resumed.
Store the last used time in the cache. This is used to keep track of the time
Returns true if the top element can contain the child at the given index. The top element
Extract an array of arcs from an object id.
Test is duplicate string.
Update the statistics for the conditional density estimator. This method is called when a conditional density estimator
Returns true if the given file should be included in the filter. If the file is a
This test case is used to test the sign of a number and add a number to a
Called when a connection is ready to be polled. This method is called when a connection
Increments the access count by one and returns the current value.
Compares two doubles.
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
The number of tags in the coercive parsing model.
Returns the logarithm of a number in a given base.
Computes the u - distribution for a given number of points. The u - distribution is a
Creates a new file saver descriptor with the given title description and extensions.
Read a block of data from the input stream.
Adds a run to the list of runs.
Copy this converter into the given array.
Add a new output sensor.
Initializes the read buffer with the given channel. This method must be called before any other methods
Reset the player to its initial state. This is called when the player is ready to play
If the value is present invoke the consumer with it. If the value is not null invoke
Sends the intensity to the device. The intensity will be rounded to the nearest multiple of the
Read a float value from the input stream.
Creates a new glow scheduler for the given server and worlds. The scheduler will be
fills the array with the max value and asserts that all elements are filled with the same
Calculates the width of the layout.
Deletes the directory and all of it s contents.
If the element is a variable add it to the result list. If the element is a
Writes a set of characters to the output stream. The output stream is closed after this method
Converts an ISO 8601 duration into a human readable string.
Sends a text message to a group chat. The message is sent to a group chat.
Gets the value of the property as a string.
Remove a thread from the list of running threads.
The handler for the dock node event. This is called when the dock node event is triggered
Read the source to log.
Delete current license file on disk.
Returns the test network parameters.
This method will be called when the thread is running. This method will block until the thread
Read data from the given input stream.
Update the background bounds of the scroller based on the last touch and the current text size
Set the title of the button. This is the default title of the button. The title
Creates a new directory with the given name under the given parent path. If the directory already
Returns true if the operating system is Windows 8.
Returns a set of all functions that are used in the given units.
Adds a range of values to the list.
Returns an unmodifiable list of no proxies.
Adds a list of includes to the compiler. The includes are defined by the given definitions.
Adds an observation to the specified group.
tally a single variant of a VCF record.
Read bytes from the input stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and length
Adds lines to the LDIF file.
Update preson info.
Removes the map at the specified position. If the position is greater than or equal to the
Presents the licenses to the user. If pre accept is true the licenses will be accepted
Adds a key to the index.
Detect a time serie using a series of patterns.
Dumps the list of candidates to the given message.
Writes an array of boolean values to an XML stream.
Adds an outbound rule to the list of outbound rules. The outbound rule s id will be
Sets the skype username and password.
motion event handler to stop the drag operation. This method is called when a drag operation
Adds the given flags to the current layout.
Returns the alias of the certificate in the given key store that matches the given certificate.
Purge the last amount of articles in the database. The amount of articles will be purged
Reclaim the views in this layout. The views will be reclaimed if they are
This verifier is used to verify that the remote proxy is supported by the remote proxy manager.
Override paint to translate the x - coordinate to the y - coordinate and call the super class
Inserts the string before the current key. If the current key is not an object an exception
Transfers data from the input stream to the output stream using the given buffer size.
Test that the file directory is the same as the property file.
Add two long values and throw an exception if they are not.
Serialize a compact representation of an RDF node.
Adds a checkbox to the given container. The checkbox will be placed at the left of the
Push the current graphics state onto the stack.
Drops the index for the given table in the given schema. If the index does not
Returns the element at the current position in the list or null if the list is empty.
Adds a new processor to the list and returns the index of the processor in the list.
Adds a data chunk to the script at the given index. The data must be at least
Initializes the filter based on the given configuration.
Deletes the least used connection from the pool. If there is no connection in the pool then
Convert less than one thousand.
Returns true if the given URI is an embedded base64 image.
Changes the state of the channel and sends a state change notification to all listeners.
Returns the number of characters in the link label or - 1 if the label is invalid.
Read the given file as a string. If the file does not exist an exception is thrown
Called when an exception is thrown by the wro runtime. This method is called when the
Check if the license is allowed to access the application. If the policy is not met the
Close the save file and close the save stream if it is open. If the save file
Selects the next operator in the window. If the window reaches the end of the window the
Splits a string into a list of strings using the delimiters defined in this class.
Convert boolean array to string.
Decode the given string into a byte buffer.
Removes all buttons and sets them to null. This is useful when you want to clear the
Returns a brighter version of the given color.
Shuts down the network. This method is called when the network is being shut down.
Set the message to be sent to the serial port. The message is encoded as a string
This method is called when the transfer is complete. This method is called when the transfer is
Writes a golomb number with the given divisor and the given value to the stream.
Adds a force to the list. If the force is an item the force is added to
Convert a number to a metric value.
Returns true if the given sequence overlaps with the given range of missing values.
Sets k1 and b. k1 and b must be non - NaN. k1
This method is called before the process is started. It is called after the process has been
Returns true if the server is configured and has a valid URL.
Converts a comma delimited list to an array of strings.
Read an array of bytes from the file at the given offset in the given length.
Send a fatal error message to the VM and exit the program with the appropriate exit status.
Create a backup of a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Adds a pair of values to the end of the map. If the map is full the
Remove the storage from the file system.
Append the container config to the given config object.
Get the game settings for read - only mode.
Deletes a set of users from the server.
Checks if the given file matches any of the wildcard patterns.
Removes the given region from the list of regions. If the list is empty nothing happens.
Close the given input stream without throwing any exception.
Override start element method to set the request id attribute if it is not set yet.
Stops the selector thread and closes all connections. If the selector thread is not the current thread
Set the temporary storage directory.
Calculate the width of the item in the plot.
Start the camera preview.
Adds a breakpoint listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the breakpoint changes.
Paints the current state of the component.
Release all waiters that are waiting for a given phase.
Converts a date format to a date time instance.
Prints the stack trace of the throwable.
Visit a TypeElement. This scans the type parameters of the element and then calls the super
Add a list of strings to the end of the string.
Returns the Poisson log - likelihood of the given value. The Poisson log
Finds the next expression in the source string. If no expression is found null is returned.
Adds a channel to the list of active channels. If the channel is already in the list
Delete all files in a directory.
pipe input stream to output stream
Release any resources held by the detector.
Removes the leading character from the beginning of the string.
Returns the next element from the queue or null if there are no more elements to take.
This is a thread - safe timeout. It is not thread - safe. It is safe
Submits a task to the cache. The task will be executed on the thread pool.
Adds an attribute selection to the list of attribute selections.
Create the left over byte array. The left over byte array will contain the number of bytes
Samples the next value from the list. If the list is empty a new array is allocated
This method is called when a channel is closed. It is called when the channel is closed
Configures the head less simulation.
Returns true if the given window id is the next window.
Returns true if the given class is visible in the given class loader.
Remove an event from the queue. If the event does not exist it will be created.
This is the entry point for the xml file. It is the entry point for the xml
Returns true if the argument matches the pattern. If the pattern matches ignore case and allow abbreviation
Adds all items in the array to the list.
Removes the toast from the list.
Parse the header and data.
Generate a secret key from a password and a salt.
Partially escape the assertion value. The assertion value must be of the form str|num
Remove the view at the given index from the given view group and return true if the view
Returns true if the given prefix is already declared in the current context.
Add an agent to the environment and step the execution. If an exception occurs print the stack
Calculate the physical status of an attack.
Sets the vertex processor. The processor will be called at the beginning of each entry in the
Releases a reference to the idle state. If the state is already idle it will be released
Validate that the replica availability of the slice is valid. If the slice is null or empty
This is the default class declaration. It is not recommended to use this method. It is
Convert a partition spec to a partition name.
Convert a character sequence to an input stream.
The following methods are executed after the first occurrence of a match.
Delete the cheque with the given id.
Returns the partial correlation of the given submatrix. The correlation is calculated using the inverse of
Adds a column with the given name and expression. If the expression has an error it will
Add put and get time nanos to the delegate.
Checks if the saturation is valid. If it is it will return the value otherwise it will
Parse a cell from a string and return the constant of the cell. The cell can be
Fires a pseudo property change event.
Run a command in the given directory. The command will be run in the given directory.
Returns a selectable channel that can be used to communicate with the server.
Test if the date is in the same timezone as the date in the current time zone.
Creates a new string from the given tag byte array. The tag byte array is expected to
Adds the chooser filters to the chooser.
Get the value of a key in the Windows Registry. If the key does not exist it
Parse an RFC 822 formatted string into a date time object.
Validate a shapes graph against a set of constraints. If a function is provided it will be
Adds an annotation to the current page.
Returns the preferred idp for the given realm. If no idp is found null is returned.
Check and create the directory if it doesn t exist.
Asserts that the values have been set and that all of the given consumers accept their expected values
Returns true if the journal needs to be re - compiled.
Writes a float value to the output stream followed by a newline. The number of bytes written
Extract a register from the given environment.
This method is called when a user fails to log in. It is called when the user
Builds the interceptor array for the given method. The interceptor array will be empty if the method
Remove all phis from the IR.
Counts the number of occurrences of the given token in the target string starting from the given index
Initialize the coverage map from the list of tests.
Build the interceptor array for the given resource and method. The interceptor array will be empty if
Check if the footprint is a valid GML geometry or not.
The main method of this class. Takes the pre buffer and the post buffer and runs the
Quantile function of the Gamma distribution.
Create a pbe cipher parameter from a bcpbe key and algorithm parameter specification.
Initializes the editor with the given configuration code assistant factory quick assistant and presenter.
Puts a byte value into the memory at the given offset.
Adds an error message to the list of errors that occurred during the validation process.
Parse the given option setting into the given destination map. The destination map will be updated with
Generates the client credentials using the given salt identity and password. The client credentials are generated using
Builds the dictionary and stores it in the file system.
Start a guided tour from a JSON string.
Run a random test with the given parameters.
Adds a new listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an event is received
Clamp the magnitude of a value to be between a minimum and a maximum.
Called when a mouse button is clicked on the canvas.
Adjusts the bytecode index of the given instruction to point to the last instruction in the instruction
Returns a string representation of this number.
Interposes a range of length len into a range of length len starting at the given offset
Creates a new temporary directory with the given prefix.
Synchronize all auth data for the current user. If the user is not currently logged in
Create an element in the encryption space.
Scrapes the active views. The active views will be re - recycled if
Draw the wind line.
Returns true if the proxy settings have been set.
Returns true if the current value is equal to the default value.
Parse a string into a map of key - value pairs. The key and value pairs are
Called when the size of the view has changed.
Add a new buffer to the end of the list. If the current buffer is null then
Creates a website address from the given origin host and pattern.
Test log filter 001. This test fails if the log file does not match the filter
Resets the missile attacks to their initial state.
Add padding to a byte array.
Adds all the commands from a PDF page to the list of commands to be processed.
Returns a string representation of the table.
Adds all of the statements in the given sequence to the end of the given sequence.
Notify all radio listeners that the activity state has changed.
Returns the elasticity of the value at a given spot.
Convert an http entity to a byte array. This method is thread - safe and should not
Fetch an object by its uuid.
Round a floating point value to the nearest multiple of 10 decimal places.
Creates a new runner instance with the given parameters. This is the main entry point for the
Returns true if this is a Windows OS.
Convert a date to a string.
Returns the size of a component based on the layout spec and the size of the cell.
Returns true if node1 and node2 have the same element type.
Append the data to the given string builder.
Returns the string representation of the given long value. If the long value is out of range
Resets the cursor to the beginning of the next record.
Read a single byte from the input stream.
Writes the given character sequence to the given file in UTF - 8 encoding.
Checks if the request is an IDP request.
Compiles the given prolog into the given temporary directory.
Remove all listeners.
Creates a new selection input field with the given values and initial selection value. The field will
Builds the dictionary and stores it in the file system.
Convert class name to resource path.
Creates a new URI with the given scheme specific part and fragment.
Adds a new solution to the population. Returns the id of the new solution.
Returns a copy of this buffer s contents as a byte array.
Create a disk in a project asynchronously.
Returns true if the given host ends with the given domain.
Disable the attribute with the given name.
Pushes an instruction onto the stack.
Encodes the post body of the given parameters into a string using the specified boundary.
Look up a key in the standard map. If the key is not a digit it will
Writes the index to the output.
Returns the property of the toggle node.
Decodes a sequence of octets from the byte buffer bb and appends the result to the string builder
Creates a vector of the same length as v1 and v2.
Reverses the order of the animators in the vector.
Start the observer. This method is called when the observer is started. The observer will be
Fire a property change event.
test the logarithmic logarithmic logarithmic logarithmic logarithmic log
Called when a source has received a message from one of the sinks. This method is called
Creates a new user from the given DTO and adds it to the list of users to
Generate DDL statement for dropping an external foreign key.
Obtain a lock. If the lock is already obtained this method will block until the lock is
Point to a data object. This method is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Collects the affected files from a list of files.
Update the position of the particle based on the elapsed time and the current particle speed.
Updates the tick labels and values of the gauge to reflect the new length of the tick.
Returns true if the target position is within the bounds of the given range.
Asserts that the indices of the statements in the triple store are consistent.
Shows the item with the given id in the map.
Sets the given option to the given value. If the value is null the option is removed
Determine the target page based on the current position and velocity.
Returns the string representation of the object at the given index in the matrix. If the object
Clones this vector3f from the given source vector3f.
Converts a glob string to a regular expression using the given separator. The glob string will be
Forces a loss if the value is true. If the value is false the loss is
Splits a string into an array of strings without escaped characters. If retain is set to true
Split on escaped semicolons.
Removes the first num objects from the source array to the destination array at the given offset.
Creates a new dictionary adapter with the given context database file name and default table. If the
Checks if a tab is associated with a non - destroyed activity.
Wraps the given http stream in a wrapper around the given http stream. This is useful for
Adds a file to the list of files to be processed.
Returns true if n is a digit in the string. If n is out of range returns
Adds two points to the hull.
Reads a short value from the stream.
Prints an integer to the stream.
Creates a proximity node with the given graph and attached node with the given degree.
Check if zoning is required for the given varray.
Send a reply to the stream. The stream must be in the state of the stream.
Creates a new channel with the given name delay and frames. The name and delay parameters are
Navigates to the dump of the tree.
Adds new messages to the end of the message list.
Make a random cache entry.
Swaps the display and surface with the EGL buffers.
Returns a list of strings where each string is a window of the given size.
Builds the path from the given json path.
Adds an element to the array at the specified index.
Returns the value of the field as a double. The value is the value of the field
Returns the matrix as a matlab string.
The input reader for the given file. The file will be read from the beginning of the
Create a new object output stream for the given path.
Returns a hash set containing all keys in this map.
Adds a certificate to the list.
Add a policy listener to the cache.
Verify that the given code is valid for the given session id. If the code is not
Returns a new script engine for the given file.
Finds the raw module with the given id in the given list of raw modules.
Checks if the i - th argument is an instance of the given class. If it is
Obtains a local date in Japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and
Recovers an entry from the key store. If the entry is not in the key store
Creates a new url loader with the given base url.
Min value is less than or equal to 1. This test fails if str b and c
Creates a new SMTP server and configures it to listen for incoming messages and send them to the
Creates a new array containing the elements of the first array plus the elements of the second array
Move the camera to a truck position.
Shuts down the scheduled executor.
Clear the locale builder. This is a no - op if the locale is not available.
Deflate the current string to the previous string. If the previous string is null the
Returns the index of the split list. The split list is assumed to have the same size
Log an error message with the given tag.
Adds a property change listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a change occurs.
Remove all files and directories in the given path.
Returns the minimum version of the given entries in the given transaction or null if there is no
Constructs a scalar field from a field value. The field value must be a dimensioned scalar
This method is called for each character in the input stream. It appends the characters to the
Compute the standard deviation of the given instance using the given kernel matrix.
Initialize the bean with the given properties. This method should be called at the beginning of the
Adds an element to the list at the specified index.
Sets the data stores to be used for the multiplex manager. The data stores will be used
Checks if the raw name matches the pattern of the given item.
Returns the value or the default value if the value is null. If the value is null
Compare to the last received message. This method is used to compare to the last received message
Paint the car.
Convert a time string to a java. sql. time object.
Choose a server alias for the given key type principal issuers and socket.
PDF of the logistic distribution with a given shape and scale and a given factor.
Returns the charge of the given value in the given window. If the given value is null
Parses the template and returns an array of actors that can be used to manage the template.
test a. b. c. test a. b. c. test a. b
Writes the WSP document to the output stream and flushes it to the output stream.
Discards the current thread. This method is thread - safe and should not be called concurrently
Returns the next token for the given leaf. If the leaf is hidden the next token will
Writes the packet to the given buffer.
Registers a new file type with the given default associated extensions. If no default associated extensions are
Parses an integer from the given string using the given locale. If the locale is null then
Parse the request security token response from the given XML string.
Add a resource request to the list of requests to be sent to the YARN cluster.
Filter the items by the level of the player.
Search for the key in the array and return the index in the array or - 1 if
Adds a symbol to the symbol table and returns true if the symbol was added successfully.
Adds the escapes to the given string. The escapes are added to the end of the string
Returns the number of elements in the array or - 1 if the array is not a script
Convert a base64 string to a long.
Returns the bottom n times in the time series.
Returns the sum of outlink authority scores for the given page. The outlink authority scores
End the printer. This method is called when the printer is finished. This method should be
Browses a file and returns a list of the file statuses.
Append a character sequence to the end of the text.
Set the page for the wizard initial object creation. This method is called when the wizard is
Unwrap the data in the buffer and renegotiate the negotiation if needed.
Returns true if the specified attribute is set for the node with the given handle.
Check if the current user has permission to access this resource.
Stores the password in the shared state if is store is true.
Deletes the specified child node from this policy node.
Adds zero to a float. This test fails if the result is not a floating point number
Wait for the process to terminate and return its result.
Refreshes the inherited methods from the given set of expando meta classes.
Marks the task as failed and marks the task as canceled and marks the task as failed.
Change the annotation document state.
Remove an edge from the graph. If there is no such edge this method will throw an
Presses a key pressing a key pressing a key pressing a key pressing
Returns true if this node has a descendant that matches the given pattern.
Writes a range of bytes to the AFC file.
Generate the data files based on the input string.
Returns true if the object is a cglib proxy false otherwise.
Calculates the indents of the current image based on the current angle.
Test bug 10630.
Returns true if the two boolean arrays are equal. If field1 and field2 are null
Adds an annotation to the front of the list.
Add a new frame to the animation.
Print a code point as a string.
Delete the minidump file if it exists. If it doesn t exist delete it.
Close an outbound connection.
Extract a thumbnail from the given bitmap. The thumbnail is scaled to the given width and height
Write the package info to the build file.
Convert to an array of event beans.
Decodes the attributes from the given input stream. If the encoding is reuse then it will be
Process a list of namespace prefixes and return a string vector containing the list of namespace prefixes.
Creates a copy of this CategoricalResults.
Dump a long value to a string builder.
Type special char.
Returns true if o1 == o2 false if o1 is null or o2 is
Returns true if the mime type is present in the extension map. If the mime type is
Returns an iterable of notifications starting from the given notification id starting at the given notification id and
Writes the data of the given object to the given writer. If the object is relevant it
Writes a single byte to the buffer.
Returns true if the priority queue is empty.
Sets the viterbi point to the given item.
Paints the bottom edge of the border.
Emits a list adder.
Parse RSA key from PEM string.
Creates a parallel publisher from the given source. The source can be ordered by default or by
get the next time from start time to from time count is the number of times to get
Adds a variable to the queue.
Canonicalize a simple url. If the simple url starts with a protocol the simple url is
Read the contents of a file in the current process.
Calculates the duration of the animation based on the given initial velocity and displacement.
Computes the norm of a vector.
Returns the height of the selected item based on the specified measure. If no measure is specified
Adds the specified number of bytes to the buffer at the specified position. If the buffer is
Returns the mean of the values in the vector.
Create a sprite with the specified position and velocity. The sprite will be drawn at the specified
Closes the output stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Creates a new sync token from the given date and uuid.
Returns true if a and b are equal or if a is null and b is equal.
Initializes the flagz with the given directory. This is called when the flagz directory is
Close the input stream if it is not null. If it is null then nothing happens.
Test that a random number is within the bounds of the range of the range of the range
Replace all occurrences of old char with new string.
Create a new form from a string. The string is formatted according to the collection dataentry
Canonicalize this type declaration. The canonicalized type is the union of all the satisfied types
Opens an other URI with the given activity. This method is intended to be called from the
Wait for all active and live replicas to become active.
Adds an element to the queue.
Returns true if the column value is not null. If the column value is null returns false
Split a file path into a list of file names. The first element in the list is
Checks if the given taxa is compatible with the given list of available taxa.
Draws a label with the given text.
Returns true if the map has any objects.
Perform all the actions that have been thrown by this exception. This method is called by the
Returns a collection of the thread roots of the current thread. The size of the returned collection
Adds the field name translation to the mapping. If the override field name contains a nested field
Returns the minimum layout size of this label and its insets. The minimum layout size is the
Check if a resource has been changed. If so call the callback with the resource.
Create a Telephone URL from a URI.
Creates a new SVM model with the specified kernel and bias. The SVM model is
Restarts the servlet engine. This method is called when the servlet is being restarted.
Initialize the sorter with the default visual. The default visual is used. The default environment is
Returns the character as a string. The character will be converted to UTF - 8.
Log PDF of the logarithm of the probability of the probability function at a given shape.
Generate a format for the given codec.
Write a comment. This method is called when the start of a comment is encountered.
Returns the maximum value in the stream or an empty int if there is no max value.
Find an object in the tree by its commit counter. If the commit counter is greater than
Start the animation with the given number of properties. This method is called when the animation is
Print the stack trace of the throwable and return the stack trace as a string.
Split a variable name into two parts.
Called when the child thread is resumed. This method is called when the child thread is
register transport m bean with bean bean bean server bean bean server bean bean server bean server bean
Update a row in a table.
Stop the video fading edges screen timer.
Removes a timeout event listener from the list of listeners.
Process generic input properties file.
Adds an object to the lock map. If the object already exists it will be created.
Returns a random element from the list.
Updates a mapping to an immutable set.
Waits for the given invocation to complete after the given timeout milliseconds. If the invocation is already
Defines a new local variable in the scope. If the field is already defined it will be
Open a new connection to the database. If autocommit is true the commit will be automatically
This method is called when an error occurs. It is called when an error occurs.
Mouse pressed event handler.
Decodes a Base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Evaluate the function at the given source location and return the result. If the function is a
Returns the current set of keys. This method returns null if there is no current set.
Output the contents of the given list to the given writer. The output is written to the
Computes the remainder of an array that is a mod f. The remainder of the array is
Returns a list of options for this cluster. The default options are the number of clusters min
Appends the hexadecimal representation of the given character to the given string builder.
Print the bootstrap map.
Converts an enumeration to a vector.
Adds a new token to the list. If the list is too large it will grow.
p filter large value sets.
Add the agent tags to the builder.
Load the build number from the meta data.
Build a random left bipartite graph.
Add focusables to the given list of views. If the view is not currently focusable
Configure the request.
Convert a number to a title string.
Reads an escaped character from the input.
Process the given input file and output file with the given pack file name. The pack file
replicator runtime configuration file.
m - > m - > m - > m - > m - > m - >
Simulate a method.
Convert a list of longs to an array of longs.
Updates the menu state based on the current state of the criterium node.
Test put - get - remove.
Converts a list of strings to a string. Trims leading and trailing whitespace from the list
Remove a notification listener from the notification broadcaster.
- - - - - - - - i a u u m - - - - -
Expands a list of module specifications from the given directory to the given list of module specifications
Returns the contents of the error list as a string. If the list is null returns null
Gets the list of all possible issuer names.
Start the stream. This method is called when the stream is ready to be read from the
Create a new instance of a JDBC data source with the given properties. The properties will be
Converts x to degrees.
Add a header view to the table.
Checks if the given system id is an absolute path.
init demand collection and rebates maps.
Returns the specifier at the given index or null if there is no specifier at the given index
Creates a shaped crafting from a format string and a recipe function.
Writes a tag with a font value to the output stream.
Writes a byte array to the output stream. The output stream will be truncated if necessary.
Connect to the given host and port. If the given string is not a valid port number
This method is called when the batch is finished. This method is called when the batch is
Configure the http client.
Parse the given file and return the result as a string. The file can be a file
Creates a test suite with a boolean value. If the test fails an exception is thrown.
Load an element into an object. This method is called when an element is added to the
Draw an icon at the specified coordinates. The coordinates are relative to the center of the image
Start the next threads in the queue. This method will block until all threads have finished running
Fired when a property is changed. This method is called when a property is changed.
Asserts that two objects are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown with
Returns a string containing the names of the given flags.
Format an object as a SQL statement.
Add indentation to the output.
Adds a fake view to the view list. The view will be layouted with the same
Compile a list of projects into a list of JS files.
prints the contact info to the given window.
Resolves the promise with the given result. If the promise has not yet completed the promise will
Adjusts the name and position of the given node by the given delta.
Creates a snapshot from the given snapshot.
Saves the configuration to a file.
Returns the number of characters in the list that match the given delimiter. If ignore is true
Builds a URI from the given parameters.
Disposes the current render surface. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Writes the kanji resource to the given file.
Add an exception to the scanner.
Renders the normal to the current framebuffer.
Returns a list of resources for the given type and class. If there are no resources for
calculates the y - value of the matrix.
Decrements the reference count by the given amount. If the decrement value is less than the
Returns the number of nodes in the tree.
Find a TCP connection by thread id.
Estimates a uniform distribution with the given minimum maximum and number of values.
Read a repository meta data from the given input stream.
Returns true if the given IRI is a primitive datatype i. e. an XML datatype.
Appends a line to the contents list.
This method is called at the end of the schema generation. It is called after the schema
Returns true if the set contains the given node. If the set does not contain the node
Persist a new temp file to the jar. This method is called when the JVM exits.
Adds a value to the write set.
Load the given unit into the pool. If the unit is not available an exception is thrown
Exit a worker. This method should be called when the worker is finished. If the worker
Finishes the compressed output stream and writes the compressed data to the output stream.
Free an object from the pool. If the pool is full the object is added to the
Returns true if the injector has a binding with the given key.
Create an internal replicator instance.
Checks if the given directory is an index and if so returns the status of the index.
Overrides the default output stream with a proxy that will be used to write to the output stream
Builds a list of messages based on the fields in the builder list. If all messages are
Puts a short value into the specified address. If the address is aligned the value will be
Hash a byte array twice. The byte array must be large enough to hold all of the
Loads the content of the given URL into the text file. The content is read from the
Adds a new value to the map. If the map already contains a value for the key
Makes this object immutable. This method is not thread - safe. It is safe to call
Find a native library by name. This method will first try to find a library in the
Remove a component update listener.
Find a field by its thrift id.
Returns true if the given character sequence is empty.
Encode a metric request metadata or a metric value into a byte array.
Returns true if the given string is indexable.
Sends a response to the server.
Decodes a base64 encoded string and decrypts it using the given encryption algorithm.
Wait for the thread to shutdown. If the thread is interrupted the exception will be thrown.
Adds a new connection to the pool.
Calculate the Euclidean distance between this point and the given point.
Convert the given string to an integer. If the string is empty the default value is returned
Adds an item to the end of the chain.
Updates the state view. This method should be called from the UI thread. It is called
The main loop of the event processor. This is the main loop of the event processor.
Returns a list of all the keys in the cache.
Record the dialogue with the current system settings.
Generate a unique id that can be used in a future request. The id will be generated
Reschedule missed alarms.
Adds a new name to the list of names.
Returns the minimum value of the result of applying the given function to the value of the result
Sets the lifecycle state to a new state and notifies all listeners that the state has changed.
Convert the given date to a string.
Adds a new test to the list of tests.
Swaps the elements at positions i and j in the list.
Build a list of name - value pairs from an IPTables object and an organisation
Allows you to close a closeable object using a closure. The closeable object will be
Checks if the given string matches the given patterns with the given wild card.
Add a new server to the load map.
Adds a leaf to the catalog tree.
Convert the given timestamp into a string using the given format mask. The format mask will be
Sets the Content - Length header of the request.
Draws the frame on the given canvas.
Sends a request to modify a lun on the specified resource. The request will be asynchronous.
Replaces all occurrences of the target char sequence with the replacement character sequence. The replacement character sequence
Deletes the directory and all of its contents.
Returns true if the given object is similar to this object.
Track an event in the Google Analytics service.
Adds the given tuple to the list of tuples and returns it. If the list is full
Adds a song to the list of songs. If the song is already present it is
query children of a given type and name.
Emit a map put.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object.
Returns the user s title. If the user is a TV the title is returned.
Parses a JSON string and returns a list of events.
Removes a table model listener from the list of listeners.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified substring in this builder with the specified substring starting at the specified
Add the given permission to the given path recursively. If the path does not exist it will
Run the timeout task. If the timeout is reached the timeout will be reapped.
Learn a device by its MAC address vlan ipv4 address switch dpid and switch port
Checks if the given signature is a valid type signature. The signature is assumed to be a
Test case 19. This test tests the sign of the number and the remainder of the number
Checks if all the children of the given group are visible.
Checks that the given type has the given number of argument references.
Randomizes the incoming weights and normalizes the incoming weights to ensure that the incoming weights are
Save the image at the given coordinates. The image will be compressed to the given format and
Checks if the file is valid. If the file is null checks if the file name is
Remove a class from the list of source classes.
Updates the min and max values based on the given value.
Close the current JSON value.
Append a byte array to the end of the buffer.
Returns true if enough space is available on the phone.
Cancels the current action. This is called when the user cancels the current action.
Adds an attributed character and its value to the list of ranges for that attributed character
Convert old value to new value. If old value is a string it will be converted to
Returns the z - representation of this number as a string.
Records a dialogue state with a given name. If the name already exists it will be
Writes a UTF - 8 sequence of characters to the output stream.
Sets the connection to use for WPS queries.
Verify that the file is a zip file.
Cleans up the pool of idle connections. Returns the number of idle connections in the pool.
Returns the current state of the agent.
Compares the current value with the expected value and returns true if the current value is equal to
Generate a random seed. The seed is a byte array with the current time pid uid fingerprint
Returns true if the filter should be excluded from the result set. If the filter should be
Decodes a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
Creates a list of user namespace authorizations from a list of user namespace authorizations.
Read the header of the stego file.
Draws the specified text on the specified canvas at the specified coordinates. The text is assumed to
Returns true if this number is less than or equal to the given percentage.
create a clone of this predicated node with the same proximity positions as this node and
Returns true if the point p is outside the preferred size of the cell at the given row
Add the source folder to scan.
Suspends a remote director from the given source and target volumes.
Calculates the M - value of the given delta with respect to the given epsilon.
Create a new server socket with the specified port and address.
Prints the specified number of bytes from the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and ending
Delete a native object. The native object will be deleted from the server. The native object
Find the index of the key comment with the given name. If no comment is found -
Returns true if the cookie is expired.
Checks if an intent is supported by the home application.
Stores the current state of the hash map in memory. This is done by creating a new
Sets the annotation for this class. This method is called when the class is found in the
Returns the next number in the generator.
Put content into cache. If content is not cached null is returned. If content is cached
Parse the given title into the first two elements. The first element is the title and the
Get the current selection as a string.
Calculates the excitatory ratio of the synapse set.
Notifies all registered listeners that a repository has been removed from the system.
Inserts a new element into the priority queue. If the queue is full the elements will be
Returns the message to be sent to the client. This method is called when the client is
Wrap a linux command in a set of user and group and group groups.
parses a sql query into a dml object. If the query is not prepared it
Returns the index of the given element in the given level. If the element is not found
Returns the number of attributes in this attribute set.
Consumes a tag name from the input stream.
Perform a deep sort on the given set of feature vectors. The set of feature vectors is
Removes all listeners from the list of listeners.
Decrypts the given text using the BBC cipher and returns the decrypted string or null if
Returns the length of the lower bound of a pair of integers. The length of the lower
Add each cluster to the Hilbert space and compute the weight of each cluster.
Update the print service attribute event.
Decode base64 data to a file.
Evicts idle resources from the pool. If the pool is full the resources are evicted
Generates a random population of the given size with the given fitness functions.
Start a new session with the given uptime. This is a thread - safe operation.
Metodo que se devuelve la lista de visitante de uma consulta.
Assert that all values are in one and two values in the same order as the ones and
Appends a character to the buffer.
Inserts the given instructions before the first instruction in the given list.
Creates a new builder with the default configuration. The default configuration is the same as the default
Count the number of strings in the given array.
Process the unprocessed messages from the server.
Returns a copy of the elements of the stack with the elements of the given array.
Goes to the given frame number in the current frame buffer.
Delete an entry from the set. If the name is the ignore case the entry will be
m attr set
Finishes the scroll stacks animation.
Add an unbounded from range to the query. The from value must be between 0 and
Send a response to the client.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified characters in the specified string with the specified new character.
Return the text at the current position in the input stream. This is the text at the
Canonicalizes the given path by removing leading and trailing characters from the beginning of the path.
Store the config and token provider in the message exchange.
Move to the next item in the playlist.
Draw bitmap with stroke.
Gets the MQTT device.
Start collecting abba locking detectors. This is a blocking call. The caller is responsible
Override this method to throw an exception if the input is null. If the input is null
Convert pixels to meters.
Add a character to the buffer and print it if it is a closing tag.
Returns the length of the vector.
Create a cache.
Add a list panel to the chart.
Throws an unreachable environment exception if the contract is unreachable.
Remove a photo from the list of photos.
Search for the value in the sorted double array starting from the specified index and ending at the
Computes the best match for a given classification. The best match is computed based on the best
Convert the array to an array of elements.
Adds a failure to the list of failures that should be retried.
Dumps the current stack to the debug log.
Creates a hash set from the given set of categories. The categories are converted to lower case
Load a listener for a given server key.
Upload a file to the remote server.
Create a new SSL connection from the given socket object.
Format a binary node into a string.
unregister an mbean
Writes an EXIF file from the input stream to the output stream. The output stream is
Sorts the values and objects in this data set according to the given comparator. If the data
Returns true if the exception is caused by a disk access exception.
Adds a string value to the array.
Bundle the arguments and variables for the given layer name and display metrics. The arguments will be
sce kernel setup video ex param work area and size of the video to be processed.
Load all users from cursor.
Convert a string to a date object.
Create a DOM document from an input stream.
Returns the value as a string.
Resets the counter to the current value. This method is called when a new message is received
Schedule a task to run at a fixed rate.
Decode the attribute body.
Copy the given file from the given assets filename to the given file in the given mode.
Returns true if this object is the same as the given object. If the object is null
Returns the next power of 2 greater than or equal to d. If d is positive infinity
Computes the three way distance between two keys. The two keys must have the same hash value
Removes all whitespace from the input byte array and returns the resulting byte array. This method is
Opens the selector. This method will block until the selector is closed. If the selector is
Removes the child at the given index.
Split text1 into text2 by x and y and add them to the diffs list.
Paints the given painter with the given context. If the painter is null a new image
Loads all files in the given directory into the given module.
Returns true if the throwable has a suppressed exception of the given class.
Write a varint to the output stream. The number of bytes written is determined by the
Updates the digest with the given byte.
Writes the contents of this queue to the given output stream.
Checks if the initiator is a RP. If the initiator is null returns false.
Returns a collection of supported messages. If the refresh parameter is set to true the collection will
Read configuration file.
Returns a new object with the given key and value converted to a string.
Combine the results from multiple reads into a single result array.
Checks if the current system is a retina device.
Prints an object to the output stream. The output will be printed to the output stream.
Set the resolve info for this activity. This method is called when the activity is about to
Add a post - indexed lsr instruction to the given list of instructions.
End the formals flag.
Returns true if the next character in the string is a letter or digit. Otherwise returns false
Extract project name from uri.
Adds an object to the set of references.
Resets the notes2 to the standard or edit status if it is in the second state.
Add a required property to the requirements builder.
Check for a new hit and add it to the pattern. If a new cell is found
a list of tag sets for a given direction and a rule for a given tag set.
Test neg first shorter.
Submits a task to the queue. If the queue is full the task will be executed
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Allocate an xsqlda object for the given row descriptor.
Overwrites the value at the given offset with the given length. The length of the value
Returns true if the given string is an empty string false otherwise.
Adds a scroll view listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a scroll view
Try to get a callback from the queue. If the queue is empty null is returned.
This method is called at the beginning of the process to update the memory used in bytes.
Translates the specified double value to this point.
Update the traffic projections.
Log a stack trace with the given severity level and throwable.
Read the next character from the stream and write it to the branch.
Decodes a BCD number into a human - readable string. The number is rounded to the
Draws the background of this rectangle.
Inserts a key - value pair into the hash table.
Adds a new editor to the list of panels. If the list already contains the same editor
Trigger the wildcard expander.
Create a new host ip interface.
Collect all applicable edit proposals for the currently selected view.
Query the extension information for a specific extension point and attribute.
Ensure that the namespace exists for the image.
Creates and returns a new map with the given key - value pairs.
Test the classifier using a filtered classifier.
Returns a copy of the string with the first character upper - cased.
Choose a random index based on the given proportions.
Check the width of the current page to make sure it is within the bounds of the current
Groups the given components into sibling lists.
Count the number of non - newline characters in the given string starting at the given offset.
Convert span to sparse grid.
Returns true if the given rules are equal ; otherwise returns false.
Returns a human - readable description of this token.
Adds a claimed signer role to the list of claimed signer roles.
Writes the given map to the given output stream.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds and nanos. If the thread is interrupted this method will
Restores the output and error streams back to their original state.
crt. Congs and moduli are lists of big integers. Congs and modul
Returns the height of the given measure. If the measure is exactly the height is returned otherwise
Puts a byte array into the buffer.
Wait for task completion.
Sets the content and priority of the action.
Finds the surrounding islands in the given chunk.
Insert the window function into the given buffer.
Calculates the width and height of the gap between two rectangles.
Move the cursor to the next tile in the list.
Returns true if any mounted type has myomer booster false otherwise.
Checks if an intent is available for the given action.
test wrap 02. test wrap 02. test wrap 02. test wrap 02. test wrap
Send a CONNECT request to the server.
Returns true if the certificate is self signed by the given certificate.
Insert a new user role into the database. If the user role already exists it will be
Returns the set of words that are nearest to the given distance from the given start word.
Set the time of this date to the given time in UTC. The time is assumed to
Adds a new category titles and values to the histogram.
Rewinds the parameter list to the beginning of the current parameter list. The current parameter list
Merges the given list of intervals into a new list of intervals sorted by start and end.
Format the given type into a string. The type is expected to be of the form str
Computes the SHA - 1 hash of the given file.
Pan the domain axes of a subplot.
Initialize the controllers.
Creates an icon label from a check box. The check box must have the same size as
Sends a window close event to the underlying frame.
Delete an entry from the key store. The alias is converted to lower case.
Creates a disjoint set with the specified number of elements. The number of elements will be
Print a list of clusters to the specified print writer. The output is printed using the specified
Add an action listener to the GUI.
Removes the value at the given index from the list of categories and values.
Wrap the content into a token stream. The field name is the field name and the content
check the trace of the given polyline.
Deletes the given file or folder. If the file or folder is null then nothing is done
Expands the given double array into a new array of the given size with the contents of
Encodes the given value to the given number of bits using the given lower and upper bounds.
Skips n bytes from the input stream. If the input stream is null this method will
Creates a new lock file and deletes the lock file if the lock file already exists.
handle tbl ds.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no such key.
Handle a SWF_LOADED event.
Quick reply.
Writes a byte array to the buffer at the given offset. If the buffer is null throws
Returns true if the hash code of the configuration has changed since the last call to this method
This method is used to ensure that the view hierarchy is compatible with older versions of the view
This method is used to bind the socket to the given list of addresses. This method is
Substitute the header for the given state with the given header string. The header string is
Creates a service from a pattern.
Remove the given image from the map. If the object is not present in the map it
Checks if the current user is one of the given users.
Find a distributed device by name.
Read the state of a copy from the given input.
Notifies all threads that a task needs to be interrupted. This method is called by the
Adds multiple request parameters to the request. The number of keys and values must be the same
Confirm overwrite of a file.
Add datasource to list of data sources to be updated. This is where the data sources are
Find the line number that starts at the given offset. The offset is relative to the end
Clear the sensor selection and fire a selection changed event if there is a change in the selection
Creates a new non movable array of the given type with the given length.
Load a thrift file recursively. If the file is not found an exception will be thrown.
Checks if the proxy is ok. If not restarts the proxy if the socket is closed
Add a boolean message to the list.
Adds the hash to the hash table. The hash table must have the same length as the
Concatenate all the given arrays into a single array.
Helper method for testing permission comparision. This method is used to compare two sets of
Reads a byte array from the input stream.
Returns the size of the n - th chunk of the spined buffer. If n is
Get the text of the tip. This is the relative path to the file in which the
Creates a new Joiner instance with the specified alias and list of ids. The join will
Close the underlying file and close the underlying file object. This method does not close the underlying
Show a list of interfaces on the remote host.
Clear the list of data lists for a given service.
Make an edge between vertices o and d.
Sort a list of strings in alphabetical order.
Returns a new b with the given key and value. The value is converted to a string
List all files in a directory. If recurse is true the files are recursively added to the
Create a path for the edge of the image.
Dispose of the iab context. This method is called when the iab context is
Test a scenario with the given configuration an exception and a list of methods to call.
Reserve disk cache dir if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t create it.
Returns true if the method has been called with the given resource name false otherwise.
Reads the internal state of this node from the specified input stream.
Maps the number to an object id. The object id is the object id of the object
Returns a new criteria that is the conjunction of this criteria and the given criteria.
Creates a failover connection pool. The failover connection pool is a fixed connection pool. The failover
Format the given string using the default locale.
Initializes the cause of the given throwable with the given cause. If the throwable has a method
Sets the key of this message property.
Adds a new waiter to the queue. If the queue is empty it is added to the
Checks that the given string is in the given set and that it is not already in the
Paints the border of the specified component at the specified coordinates.
Restore a check point from a byte array.
Reads a class from the input stream. If the input stream is null throws an exception.
Returns true if the given HCI is supported by this server. If the HCI is
Creates a new debugger template with the given parameters.
Converts a shape chart to a screen shape. This is useful when you want to draw a
Adds a window to be closed when the application shuts down. If the application shuts
This method is used to log the performance of the execution of the application.
Authenticates the given URL with the given list of discoveries. If the list is
Sets the hash to the given hex string. The hex string must have the same length as
Find the half - match between two strings starting at index i. If there is no match
Checks if the specified pin number is a numerical run. If the number is a numerical run
Returns the type of the URI.
Adds a glue box to the given box.
Returns true if the given string is a resource reference.
Leave the node and wait for it to become empty. If there are no children wait until
Returns an enumeration of the members of this group.
Adds a property name to the select clause. The property name will be used as the column
Adds an interface to the class pool.
Cut the string from the first occurrence of the given substring.
Get the content from the registry. If the content is null it will try to get the
Test that the queue is populated and contains at least one item in the queue.
Initializes this session with the given remote authenticated user. This method is called when the session is
Finalizes the given object by calling the finalize method of the given object. If the object
Remove a tv show from the tree.
Checks the compliance feature for the given operation. If the operation is not enabled or the operation
Returns true if the given object is an instance of the given class.
Adds an element to the list at the specified location.
Calculate the cache response age based on the number of received requests and the number of received responses
Returns the index of the ith element in the array.
Invalidate all switch points.
convert a vdc info to a vdc config
Creates a new instance of the OSX proxy class.
Returns the prediction of the given instance. The instance is assumed to be normalized and denormalized
Finishes the wizard with the given settings.
Returns true if the given port is a valid attachment point for the given switch.
Fires a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
Adds a request to the batched image request queue.
Returns the RGB value of a pixel in the image.
Checks if the character at the given position is a carry or not.
Add a component to the bottom panel.
Delete a set of files and directories. If any of the files fail to be deleted false
Creates a temporary directory. If the directory already exists throws an exception. If cleanup is true
Emits the header of the file. This is the first line of the file and the
Read a cookie from the request. Ignore characters that are not allowed in the cookie name.
Merge this resource into the result. If this resource has already been visited it is ignored.
Translate a transferable string into a byte array. The transferable string is translated into UTF
Creates a preview buffer of the given size.
Adds a box to the box list at the specified position.
Creates a new sticky position at the given offset.
Pads a string to the specified number of characters. If the string is longer than n
Resets the transformation to the given one.
Adds an activity listener to be notified when an activity is added to the activity tracker.
Add a user to the list of muted users. If the user is already muted
Parse the response and return the bitmap. If the response is null return the original response.
Apply the orientation of the given component to the current cursor position. The current cursor position is
Returns true if the list of selected widgets is empty.
Closes the output stream and releases any resources associated with it. The output stream will be closed
Creates a parcelable adapter for the given list of objects.
Gets the next number of bytes in the given byte array. This method is thread - safe
Draw the low far far to the given point on the given radius with the given radius and
Returns true if this class is a java library class false otherwise.
Returns a set of object names from a list of named objects filtered by a query function.
Check if the touch slop of the child view is within the drag range of the child view
Creates an end point element with the given attributes.
Returns a string representation of this instance.
Test multiple resource locking resources10 locktries10.
This method is called when the parser starts a new element. This method will throw an exception
Returns the contents of the buffer as a byte array.
Convert a string to a calendar using the given pattern and locale. If no locale is given
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Save a template to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns a list of all options in the form of an enumeration of option objects. The enumeration
Adds a composite node to the tree.
Post - process the flood.
Expands a 2 digit number.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified range of the specified
Creates a new diagnostic formatter with the given messages and prefix. The default error flags are mandatory
Checks if the frontier is empty.
Returns true if the attribute selection panel is enabled or if the crs combo box is enabled.
Returns the variance of the given array of values. The mean is the mean of the values
Stashes the request user in the response and updates the request and response fields accordingly.
Send a list of locations.
Serialize text node.
Returns true if the given visual is inside the soft wrap.
Returns true if the rule is valid for the given world otherwise returns false.
Removes all items from the R - and P - lists and sets the size to the size
Moves the position to the next item in the list.
Grows the priority queue by p and returns the new priority queue. The priority queue is
Flush the contents of the buffer to the output stream at the given offset.
Generate section label.
Remove a listener from the list of listeners.
Fade in the animation.
Executes the given command with the given description with the given base command and returns the result.
Increments the current number by the given amount and returns the new number. If the current
Creates a new service configuration from the given input stream. The input stream is closed when finished
Splits the given sentence into num words and returns them as an array of integer ids.
Returns true if the given list of actions is empty.
Adds a string to the dictionary. If the dictionary has not been initialized yet it will be
Returns a deep copy of the given matrix.
Returns true if the given identifier is a tag of this symbol.
Wait for a message to arrive.
Sets the month day and year from a date string.
Copy a file or a directory to a file or directory. If the src is a file
Sets the Pokemon API to be used for mapping objects to the Pokemon API
Read a byte array from the buffer. This method will throw an exception if the buffer is
Encodes the given string using the default charset. If the given string is null returns null.
Test sorts according number of attributes.
Checks if the given values are contained in the in space. If the values are not contained
Recursively deletes a file or directory and its contents. If the file is a directory it recursively
Prepare the sort key statements to be executed.
Convert experimenter to string.
Print the magnitudes of the time series in miliseconds.
Creates a new Zookeeper client and starts it if it doesn t already exist.
Add a description to the given tool tip. If the given description is null the description is
Reads characters from the input starting at the given position until the end character is encountered.
converts a set of attributes from one set to another. If the value is longer than
Closes the input stream. This method is called when the input stream is no longer needed.
Update the amount of the money.
Creates a new instance of the class with the same name as the relation and the number of
Evaluate the expression and return the result as a string. If the expression does not evaluate to
Read the contents of the given file as a DEX file.
Add a new update listener to the animation.
Runs the commercial command.
Adds a sub - tree to the store.
generates the while clause of the given tree. while statement that is the root of the
Calculate the igamma function of a gamma distribution a x = a x = b a =
Initializes the active slots list from the given string.
convert RAML action type to intent
Adds the hidden prefix to the given key if the key is already hidden. If the key
Removes the mqtt token from the map and returns it. If the token does not exist
Returns true if the given string array has the same number of elements as the explicit all type
Read until the specified delimiter is found or the end of the input is reached.
Throw an assertion if the string is not a valid configuration.
Returns true if this node is a leaf node.
Returns true if the given character sequence is a valid character in the text.
Interrupts the specified thread. If the specified thread is null this method does nothing.
Writes the attribute list to the given output stream.
Creates a container that encloses the specified east component. The returned container will have the
Returns an array of all objects in the cache. Returns null if there are no objects in
Loads a layout from the specified file.
Add a file to the list of tracked files. The file will be deleted if it is
Converts Windows path separators to Unix path separators.
Returns true if the request has a parameter with the given name.
Returns the number of bytes that can be used for the given window id. The size of
Checks if the given string is a sq identifier.
Sorts the elements of the given list using the given comparator. The elements in the list are
Writes the contents of the root block to the journal and returns the number of bytes written.
Returns true if the name of the task should be appended to the end of the queue.
Convert the given string to a string. If the string is null returns the given string.
Make a random cache entry.
Returns the maximum value in an array of doubles.
Returns true if the string is the start element of the line or false if it is not
Reads a long from the stream.
Removes the element at the given index from the list.
Extract the access key from the S3 URI.
Perform a single transaction. This is the main workhorse. It is the main work
Adds a boolean value to the list of string values.
Copies the contents of the source object to the destination object excluding the specified number of elements.
Set the list of sites to monitor. The list of sites to monitor is a list of
Returns a hash set containing the union of submask1 and submask2.
Returns the blaze with the given vertex id or an empty blaze if there
Atomically adds to the current atomic long and returns the new value. If the current atomic
This method is called when the servlet is starting. It is called when the servlet is starting
Returns the norm of this vector.
Computes the Pearson correlation coefficient for a given set of data. The correlation coefficient is
Writes a single entry to the specified COS file.
Animated bitmaps are closeable. Each animated bitmap is a reference to an animated bitmap
Read a label file and return it as a string. If the initial boundary is true the
Adds a converter to the set. If the converter already exists it is replaced with the new
Parse the boolean value from the source object list property. If the source object list property is
Truncates the given map and returns a new map with all entries from the given range.
Dump the spatial index to the console.
Compare the param of the jdiff with the reflection param of the given type.
Generates n random numbers in the given array.
Escapes the given text for use in a JSON string. The text must be in JSON format
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream. The contents of this buffer are
Checks the headings of the elements in the elements list.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the JSON object.
Called when a mouse wheel is moved. This method is called when the mouse wheel is moved
Asserts that the given strings are equal to the ones in the given array of strings.
Returns true if this imf is equivalent to the other imf.
Load workspace screens from the database.
Render the output of the given node. The output is written to the given writer.
Parse the given string and return the formatted string. If an exception is thrown it will be
Multiplies this matrix by the given scale and then by the given scale.
Changes the state of the link and unlinked images.
Returns a geometry buffer that contains only the segments of the given distance from the given geometry.
Record the end time of the request.
Checks if the user is accessible to kibana based on the set of filters.
Removes all items from the list and fires the table data changed event.
Returns the index of the given type. If the type is not a primitive type an exception
Load the configuration from the specified file into this configuration object. If the file does not exist
Returns the string representation of the given parameter. If the parameter is a date it will be
Calculates the heights and widths of the text grid.
Flushes the journal to disk.
Expands the seen names into a new array. If the number of seen names exceeds the
Add a request property to the message.
Updates the member with the given client address and time.
Returns true if the item is an org level only item. If the item is a shared
Decrement the value of the runnable property. If the property is null then the value is
When an action is performed paint the background. This method is called when an action is performed
Serializes the given object to a byte array.
Returns the module pointer for the given module name or null if the module is not found.
Adds a certificate store to the list of stores.
This class loader is used to load classes from the given working directory. The class loader is
Get the block number.
Substitutes the given substitution to the given array of types and returns the resulting array.
Checks if the motion event is scrolling in the last set of points. This is done by
test merge one filter into document with same filter
Creates a new edge between the source and destination symbols. The source and destination symbols must be
Pushes a value onto the stack.
Creates a new extended text label.
Pads a string to a certain length with a character filling at the end of the string
Returns true if the given feature is supported by the given version.
Removes all of the elements from the queue.
Reads a quoted attribute descriptor from the given substring reader and returns it as a string.
Returns a CSV representation of the model.
Test case 9.
Assign an id value to the given data object. If the id value is null an exception
Writes a swapped integer to the given output stream.
Returns true if the connection is currently open and false if it is closed.
find a list of entities in the database and return them as a map of strings to objects
Converts a soap element to a string.
Close the output stream and delete the file.
Initializes the camera manager.
Returns true if x and y are equal. If x and y are null returns false.
Writes a boolean value to the underlying stream.
Trains the model from a set of file names. The file names are assumed to be
Finds entries in an LDAP directory with a limit of the number of entries in the directory.
Format the given string using the default locale.
SVD of the Pythag distance between a and b.
Write a 32 - bit integer to the given output stream.
Queue a cube to be loaded.
Checks if an object is available for the current time.
This method is called when a button is clicked. It is called when the user clicks on
Loads the most recent release message id from the repository. If there are no more recent releases
Remove a change listener from the list of listeners.
Dumps the current request log and removes it from the request log and returns a new request log
URL - decode a string.
test to get all tables in the database. This test is done using the get meta data
Adds all of the objects in the given collection to the data set. If the collection is
Remove a log from the current file list.
Initialize compose state.
Create a list of tool bars for the given application and view.
Parse the given date string into a Date object.
Sets the file filter pattern to be used to filter files based on the given pattern.
Execute a SQL statement and return the result set. If an exception is thrown the statement is
Writes a byte array to the output stream.
URL - encode the given string. If the given string is null returns the original string.
Returns the currency object for the given symbol or null if the symbol is not a currency.
Parse a floating point number from a string.
Creates a new instance of the given content interface.
Request password for a share. If create is true the link will be created otherwise the link
Force out of memory. This is done by allocating a new array of long values.
Put an entry into the cache. If the entry already exists it will be deleted from the
Computes the enlargement of two numbers scaled by the given scale. The number of
Sets the intersection of this rectangle with the given rectangle.
Returns true if the resource can be accessed as an int. If the resource cannot be accessed
Adds a new condition waiter to the list. If the current thread is the same as the
Remove all items from the list. This is a no - op if the list is empty
Strips any banned codeunits from the beginning of the given string.
Asserts that two strings are linewise equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError
Log a warning message and print the stack trace of the throwable.
Returns the full form of the given string. If the given string is already in the grammar
Mark the password expiration warned time.
Strips out the language country and variant from the given locale.
Append the time zone to the given buffer.
Removes all listeners from the current object.
Pads the given string to the left by the given number of characters.
Set whether or not the scores should be displayed. If true the scores will be displayed.
Writes the given character sequence to the given file. If the file already exists it will be
Helper function to compute the kernel of n. The kernel is defined as the sum of the
Open a new h2 database connection. If autocommit is true the connection will be automatically
Emits a clear field with the given field name and the given field builder.
Start recoarding. This method is called at the beginning of the recoard
Adds an input method listener to the text pane. The method will be called when the text
Adds a footer view to the list of views to be displayed on the bottom of the screen
Loads the user class from the given URL.
Adds a document to the output stream.
Adds a new command to the map of command names.
Write column auto increment statement.
Save pusher app id pusher url pusher base file tag and pusher app id
Writes the current light block to the given output stream.
Executes the search and returns the results as a string. If an exception is thrown the search
Returns the next element of the input that matches the given pattern. If there is no next
Adds a new duration to the timer.
Paints the background solid.
Adds the default values for a given attribute of a given service in a given sub - schema
Encodes the product of the tokens in the list of tokens and returns the result as a string
Returns true if the metadata has been modified since the last publication.
Sets the list of directories to search for resources. If not specified the default directory is used
Make a class node from a given class node.
Push an import URL onto the stack.
Creates a string representation of the results.
Sort the test tree in ascending order.
Adds events to the end of the array and returns a new array with the added events.
Adds a new marker to the list of markers. The name and id must be unique.
Replaces all occurences of a with b in the given string c.
Reflect member variables in the button.
test decoder 6
Removes all actions and constraints from the list. The list will be sorted in ascending order.
Checks if the given file is writable. If the file does not exist it will be created
Gets the publishing priority of the message.
Validate the relying party in the request.
Rotate the matrix by the given angle about the z - axis.
Create a new host from the given service instance.
Wake the out pipe. If the queue is full the queue will be woken up
Returns the number of columns in a string. If the character is not a string returns 0
Sets the value to the given value if it is non - null.
Creates a new message listener using the given consumer factory and properties. The consumer will be created
Delete an entry from the key store.
Convert a group number into a string. If the group number is the same as the number
Returns a new line by the given vector.
Rejects the given command. This method will be called when the command is rejected.
Calculate the menu margin based on the height of the current window. The margin is calculated relative
Add a ram attack to the game.
Creates a list of integer colors from an array of integer colors.
Test config file property.
Generates a new salt for use with the key derivation function. The salt is generated using
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a projector changes.
Select the next expression in the list.
Writes a BCD number to the given output stream. The number must be a positive integer
Adds a message to the history. If the message is longer than the maximum history the message
Start an executor with the given container number.
Converts a string to a date using the given date format. If the string cannot be parsed
Visit each entry in the log. The last entry will be set to true if the entry
Loads the latest extension versions from the registry. If the registry is not available an empty list
Start a node. This method is called at the beginning of each node in the document.
clear bit negative inside 2.
Compare strings greater than scale2.
Reads an integer from the input stream and returns it as a char. If the input stream
Cancel auto completion.
Returns a list of all possible options for this field.
Sets the proxy host name for the client service.
Verify setter methods for the given fields. If the field has a custom setter it will be
Removes and returns an element from the queue. If there are no more elements in the queue
Generate a random positive floating point number.
Resets the text box indexes to those that are not in the excluded list.
Leaves a device by its MAC address vlan ipv4 address switch dpid and switch port
Returns the data at the current level of zero buffers. The data will be copied to the
Show the version of the device on the remote host.
Count the number of times the specified character is found in the specified string.
Adds a color to an existing icon.
Read all bytes from the input stream limited to the given limit.
Search for the target string starting at the given start string.
Validate the preload order of the given configurations. If the preload order is greater than or equal
Start the loop.
Remove an environment variable.
Calculates the threshold for a given score and lambda. If the threshold is greater than the threshold
Peek at the top of the stack. If the stack is empty an exception is thrown.
Test whether the number is a signed integer. This test fails if the number is not a
Returns the index of the last separator in the given filename or - 1 if the filename is
Returns true if the given point is inside of the given view.
Unrolls the bounds given by the arguments. If the bounds are null the bounds are
Delete the quota with the given id.
Creates a new header with the given username and password. If the map is null a new
Add a new entry to the extent model and enable the extent button.
Check if the network is cached. If it is it is read from the cache. If
Read an XML file into a JDOM tree.
Returns true if all permissions have been granted for the current user.
Executes the given runnable in the thread pool. The runnable is executed in the thread pool.
Take the next message from the queue and send it over the network.
Adds a field to the list of fields to use as an attribute.
Returns true if the given token is a session token false otherwise.
Returns the root means squared error of the real and predicted values.
Exports the table to a byte buffer.
Create a hash map mapping voucher code to voucher object.
Rotate the tree from the right side to the left side of the root.
Updates the radio links according to the current state of the editor. This method is called when
Updates the distribution with a new value.
Draws a series on the specified canvas. The series will be drawn using the specified renderer.
Checks that the given class signature is a valid Java class signature.
Select a cardlet for the given app id. The prefix and suffix are appended to the
Adds a new root entry to the list of entries to be included in the comparison tree.
Creates a source from the given URL using the given character set.
test merge one servlet into document with another servlet
Extract a re object from the polynomial.
Run the finalizers when the JVM exits.
Add a result to the search result map.
Register a quick fix with the given text range and display key. The quick fix will be
Creates a new file in the zip archive.
Checks if the element has attributes.
Start a DOM document with the given locator encoding and context. This method is called by the
Dumps the window hierarchy to a string.
Register a rule changes observer.
Send the current heartbeats to the bartender s heartbeat service.
Serialize a message to the given output stream using the given name and message. The name is
Initialize the SSL engine with the key store and trust store. If client is true client authentication
Sets the source to use for random access. The source is the source of the random access
Set the program name and the command line arguments for the program. The command line arguments are
Sets the bit to 0 and checks that the result is equal to the sign of the number
Save a model to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Sort and collapse the spans.
Split an array into two randomly selected elements. The elements are randomly selected from the beginning and
Removes the prefix from the given path if it is present.
Publish a message to a MQTT topic.
Removes an item from the list of children of this node.
Concatenate two int streams into a single int stream. The resulting stream will be closed when
Returns true if the two strings are the same in the framework.
Set whether or not to force the authentication of the user to be performed. The default is
Fetches a user config from the server.
Sends a stop event to the server and waits for it to finish. If an exception is
Pushes a message to the server asynchronously. This method will block until the message has been
Write a characteristic to a device.
Returns the link for the given message. If the message is an external file the link will
Read a list of strings from the given file stream using the given transformer. If the file
Removes the given element from the list of elements.
Sends a binary message to the given stream.
Sorts the given broker items according to the given sort type.
Returns true if we need to escape an XML string. This method is called when we need
Update the path constraints for the given chromosome.
Test journal one index no data.
Returns true if the given class loader is a p2p loader.
Remove the last num sub - trailers from the decoded string.
Moves to the next input stream. If there are no more input streams this method returns false
Convert a bitmap to a byte array.
Inflates the given name by prefixing it with the global prefix.
Adds a warning handler to the list of warning handlers that will be called when a warning occurs
Print the length of a string. If the string is null print the length of the string
Write an attribute with the given name and value. If the attribute already exists it will be
Returns a string representation of the descriptor. If the descriptor does not exist an exception is thrown
Writes a buffer to the stream. This method is called when the buffer is written to the
Skips a member value.
Recursive join. This is the main entry point for the join method. This method is called
Generate a minimal configuration file for the router.
Take a request from the queue and return it. If there are no more requests in the
Convert the location of a cell to a column index.
Finds all files in the given directory that match the given filename filter.
Generate the DROP statement for the given table.
Register all child property change listeners.
check if the scroll amount is out of bounds
Reduces the given list of instructions into a new list of instructions. The list of instructions
Returns true if this node is locked locally or if the given node is the same as the
Try to move to the given y coordinate. If the y coordinate is greater than or equal
Compare two negative numbers.
Delete the left word.
Cumulative density function.
Read in a continuous data set from a file. The data set will be read in continuous
Generates a native guid for storage port from indication.
Returns true if the paths are contiguous. If the paths are contiguous returns false otherwise returns true
Read the given string into this instance.
Add a field to the query. If the field already exists it will be added to the
Returns the current date formatted according to the given format.
init stream buffer size.
Register a new sensor in the sensor array. If the sensor is already registered it will be
Converts a string into a number. If the string cannot be parsed as a number the default
Sample the number of samples from the distribution.
Applies a replacement to the given contents.
Creates a new encryption key from a kerberos principal password and encryption algorithm.
Returns the string representation of this relation.
Process a list of packages.
Check if the direction and direction are the same and if so update the expiration time.
Parses the given path and stores the result in this object. This method is called by the
Record a variable in the symbol table. The variable is identified by the symbol name and the
Read the next block from the file and verify that it is not the same as the current
Checks if the given media type is supported.
Exports the dependencies of the given jcas to a. jcas file. The dependencies are stored in
Remove the 83600 signature from the beginning of the given signature. If the signature is
Checks if a network is available.
Generate a random string with the given number of characters.
create list of expected partition value entities for given partition key group name and list of expected partition
Returns the text as a string. The text will be converted to UTF - 8.
Register a runnable as a low memory watcher. The runnable will be run in a separate thread
Writes the message to the given output.
Extract a soft reference from an object.
Format a long as an integer.
Remove a component from the contributed list. If the current addon is null then the component
Copy the contents of a page into the output stream. The number of bytes copied is returned
Writes a raw byte array to the buffer.
Assert that the backup status is not null.
Metadata error. This method is called when an error occurs in the request. It is called
Checks if the current state is in one of the given states.
Sort the movies in ascending order.
Parser for key - value list.
Polls the stats broker for a given queue and returns true if there are any stats.
Returns a new file object if the file is acceptable. Otherwise returns the original file object.
Returns true if the edge intersects the boundary of the given cell.
Update the location and altitude of the overlay.
Returns the name of the given type. If the type is a primitive type the name is
Creates a new state machine with the given definition.
Removes all listeners and attributes.
Read the registrar id from the input stream.
Return a path to the right side of a rectangular triangle.
Returns the terminal with the given name or null if no terminal with the given name exists.
Creates a new layout block with the given system name and user name. If the system name
Set the map values for the j. display property. If the j. display property is
Escapes the given regular expression in a string so that it can be used as a regular expression
Creates a new char array with the contents of the given string. The char array will be
Updates the promo visibility and opacity based on the percentage of promo available.
Set the value of the geometry.
Flushes the heap ins interval manager and resets the heap ins map. This method is called
Returns true if the given lib name and version exist in the target directory.
Finish common to all statements and restore statements.
Display a buffered image in a GUI window.
This method is called during initialization of the class. This method is called when the class is
Visit the given path and return the path to the file or directory in the given path.
Layouts the springs in the baseline.
Read an int value from a JSON array.
Adds a property change listener to the list of property change listeners. The listener will be notified
Unregisters the given dependent preference from this preference s dependents list.
Validate the storage policy selection.
Returns a string representation of the COBWeb tree.
Converts a collection to an array of the given component type. If the component type is a
Creates a new gradle exception with a diff message for each of the given problem files.
Computes the label distances between the nodes in the graph and the node with the given root.
Returns the current position in the buffer.
Adds a frequency to the list of frequencies.
Parse a header element from a string.
Returns a list of intervals from the given interval using the given time grain.
Returns true if the string starts with a gerund verb.
This method is called when an error occurs while processing a stylesheet. It is called by the
Creates a request object with the given headers uri method and payload.
The test method. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Download the tlog files and return the number of bytes downloaded.
Read file attributes.
Add all participants in the collection to the completion queue.
Creates a checkbox palette with the given label buttons and the given checked state.
Assigns the probability of each instance in the given relation to each of the instances in the given
Returns the given URI value as a string. If the URI value is null returns null.
Sets the kernel to the given array of values. The offset is set to the offset of
Initialize the work list with all the vertices in the graph. The work list is a list
This method is called before a model is linked. It is called before the model is linked
Add a file to the list of files to be processed. This method is called by the
This method is called when a tree is expanded. This method is called when the tree is
Returns true if the given object is present in the source. This method is thread - safe
Returns true if v1 and v2 are equal or if v1 and v2 are
Called when a connection fails to be closed.
Parse a complex type.
Push an annotator reference onto the stack and set it to the given values.
Returns the compacted version of the version string.
Handles a query entry. If the entry s sequence number is greater than the current command sequence
ExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpunge
Returns the rest of the list l.
Creates a list of integers from the given start and end indices.
Tear down the web client and close all windows.
Find and undo a map bean.
Calculate the estimated completion date for the given priority and start date. The estimated completion date is
m document type
Returns true if the table exists in the database. If the table does not exist in the
Checks that the first element has the same attributes as the second element. The test fails if
Returns the next position in the pcal specification.
Update the current gl object. If there are too many gl objects in the queue execute them
Compute the HPD of a given value proportion at a given index in the given array.
Check if the directories exist in the disk store.
Adds a port to the list of already allocated contexts.
Converts the bytes into a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Writes a list of longs to a data output.
Returns true if the given attribute is defined in this context.
Shows the preloading stage. The stage will be created and attached to the primary stage.
Removes all elements from the queue. If the queue is full removes all elements from the queue
Removes the value associated with the given key from this map.
Test copy stream full block.
The test method. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Convert an IP address to an array of bytes.
Send a reply to the given key with the given message. If the key already exists it
Add the request headers to the given connection.
Add a long selection listener to this object. The listener will be called when a long selection
Prints a new line to the output stream.
Returns a string representation of the capabilities.
Sets the client id and the client comms to be logged in debug mode.
Modifies the case of the given string according to the current case setting.
Returns true if an ack is required for this message to be sent to the server.
Returns a string representation of the array.
Add a reporter to the list.
Draws the selection rectangle.
Sets the cause of the conversion exception.
Checks if the given export group has connectivity to all the given storage systems.
Construct a new derivation from the given marked node.
Adds num to str and checks that the result is positive. The result is rounded to a
Checks that the string is a negative number in a radix 24 - bit format.
Convert a common tree into an OR tree.
Display the given panel in the window with the given title. If the panel is already visible
Sets the JSON reader to read from. The JSON reader will be used to read the next
Compress the input string into a binary stdlib stream. The input string is read from the
Adds a tokenizer to the builder. The tokenizer will use the given tokenizer factory and the given
Compute the azimuth label offset for the given radius and maximum radius.
Add a resource to the list of default values.
Called when the display has changed. This method is called when the display has been changed.
Returns a stream of the last num methods of the given class or an empty stream if there
Update the server address for the given application with the given server manager ip and port.
Removes the item at the specified position from the list. If the position is greater than the
Choose a random enemy.
Checks if the protecting block is valid to the destination block. If the destination block is
Sort the list of storage pools according to the port metrics and the comparator.
Adds overlays to the group. If there are no overlays the group will be selected
Creates a resource for the given path.
Returns true if the version is older than the leopard version.
Returns a list of all available options.
Escapes a string so that it can be used as the content of an XML document.
Feeds the forward pass through the activations and derivatives. The activations and derivatives are
Finds a file in the given directory with the given name. If the file does not exist
Compares the results of a query against the results of a remote solr server.
Get the value of the first element matching the given XPath expression in the XML document.
Creates a new context from the current GL context.
Collapses the tree.
Queue a cape replacement for the given player. The cape replacement is executed in a
Remove a vetoable change listener.
Create a new throughput stream with the given status message prefix and number of samples. The stream
Parse the command from the command - line arguments.
Edit an existing bookmark.
Convert from UTF - 32 to UTF - 8 string.
Creates the bounds of the list.
Record a pattern in the bit array.
Finds a method with a list of parameters.
Returns the index of the first illegal character in the source string or - 1 if there are
Decode more bytes to character buffer. If end of input is true then the end of the
This method is called every time a new clock minute occurs. This method is called every minute
Adds a creature respawn point.
Load all org access roles from the database into the given list. The list is sorted by
test bytes as source.
Generate a certificate from the given input stream.
Convert an object to a pretty string.
Generate rolling periods for the given date time unit and number of months. The number of rolling
Returns the counter with the given key or creates a new one if it doesn t exist.
Add a message to a URI.
Test the test case.
Sets the engine mode.
ExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpunge
This method runs the analysis of the given resource. If the job is already running it will
Fire vetoable change event.
On full backup.
Remove a connection from the list of connections in the specified tab.
Paints a range of rings.
Replaces unix and windows separators with the corresponding windows separator. If the path is null or empty
Translate the input buffer and append the remaining bytes to the output buffer.
Optimize the trie by lifting up all gaps and removing gaps from the end of the
Installs a handler that will be called after the request has been processed.
Try to close the connection and wait for it to complete. If the connection is already closed
Creates a new storage entity with the given name storage platform entity and list of attributes.
Display an info line. If the line is longer than the number it will be fudge
Formats the given string with the given arguments and flushes the output to the console.
Test signer string identity scope.
Invoke a Java method with the given name and arguments using the given BSH class manager.
Create a new regex pattern with a number of occurrences.
Remove the safepoint from the loop begin node of the given structured graph.
This method is called when a new item is bound to a view. It is called by
Test case 7. The result is the sum of a and b. The result is the
Adds the given min and max values to this histogram.
Returns a date that is before the specified number of days in the current date.
Returns the number of elements remaining in the buffer.
Writes an external representation of this object to the given output.
Puts data into the heap and returns the old offset. If the heap is full the exception
Override paint to paint the border of the cell if there is one.
Adds a label and a field to the panel.
On track point start.
Combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
Commit the changes made to the given set of resources using the specified policy. If the policy
Returns true if the grid can be spawned.
Returns true if the given id is equal to this id.
Returns true if the two players are identical i. e. they have the same identification as
Adds a name and value pair to the list of names and values. The name and value
Returns a string with the first num instances of this class and the second num instances of this
Returns true if the given value is always non - null.
Removes the item at the specified position from the list. If the list is not large enough
Set the name of the attribute.
Returns true if the gesture has been consumed.
Initialize the given neuron layer with the given number of nodes and the given node type.
Returns the angle between the y - axis and the x - axis.
Notifies listeners that a neuron has been moved to another neuron.
Create a certificate from a byte array.
m selected text has changed.
Parse the terms ack from the input source.
Formats the given string with the given parameters.
Sets the server to connect to.
Execute count query and return response packet.
Derives the confidence value based on the record count and the base count.
Adds a parameter to the solr request. If the parameter already exists it will be overwritten.
m data from input stream.
Convert a string to an object of the appropriate type based on the given pattern and locale.
Add a new line to the limit. If the limit is too large log an error.
Reads the data from the input stream.
Read the next chunk of data from the buffer into the given byte array at the given position
Inflates a byte array from a previous byte array to a new byte array.
Converts the contents of this queue into an array. This method is thread - safe.
Draws a list of legends to the graph. The number of legends is the number
fetch the table metadata from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Encodes the data into a Base64 encoded string. This method is not thread - safe.
Reads len bytes from the underlying stream. If there are no more bytes available in the stream
Flushes the log records to disk. This method is called when the log is flushed.
Creates a list of page objects that contain a list of manual widgets for each page. The
Test that pos is first longer than num.
Generate device specific export mask create work flow for the given initiators.
Returns true if this number is less than or equal to the given percentage.
Returns the edge URI for the given key or null if the key is not a valid edge
m Read a short from the file and return it as a short.
Returns a list of all the projects in the database. If the database does not have the
Syllabify the given phone string.
Removes a node from the frontier.
Returns true if the path points to a file and false if it points to a directory.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object. If the given object is not
Sets the port to use for the embedded Zookeeper log file.
Creates a new basic condition with the given variable value and relation.
Read stopwords from a file or directory.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Mark the barrier as broken and update the count of parties.
Filter points based on a given tolerance.
Send a log event over UDP.
Writes the stack traces of the given throwable to the given stream.
Builds a distributed log writer.
Converts a number to a string. If the number is greater than or equal to the string
Loads an image attachment by its id.
Sets the values of the thread.
Specifies a map of configuration parameters to be added to the discovery request. The keys are the
Returns true if the select button is triggered or false if the select button is not triggered.
Adds all of the elements in the specified array to the array at the specified index.
Calculates the score based on the number of plays and the number of weeks.
Removes a scanning callback from the list of callbacks. If the list is empty nothing happens.
Paints a rectangle on the back image.
Sample a value from the pool. The value will be set to the value of the pool
Returns true if the given row is a page break. If the row is a page break
Shuts down the executor service. This method should be called when the executor service is shut
Returns true if the given character is a proposition symbol identifier and false otherwise.
Output the diagonal of a matrix. The diagonal is assumed to have the same width and frac
Search for the first occurrence of pat in txt and return the index of the first occurrence.
Returns an enumeration of the options in the form of an enumeration of option objects. The enumeration
Converts an array of indices into a string of characters. The indices are assumed to be in
Truncates the given string to the given length. If the given string is null returns the
Clear all transactions from the given height.
Load the script and return true if the script was executed successfully or false if the script was
Set the dirty region to the given coordinates.
Sorts the given fields in ascending order. The order of the fields must be the same as
Returns true if the current point is at least the success threashold and false otherwise
Start the location service. This method is called when the user clicks on a phone number.
Delete a resource configuration.
Initialize the bus with the given bus movement protocol.
Removes the next item from the list.
Create the tabbed pane and add it to the tabbed pane.
Generate a random float between lower and upper.
Adds a supported type to the list of supported types. The supported types are added to the
Adds a tracer to the list of active tracers.
Grows the size of the list by a new size.
Damages the value by the given value.
Test concurrent events on empty region.
Initializes the graph with the given string. The string will be reset to the original string.
Returns the last part of the API version. If the API version is null returns null.
Query the inventory.
This method is called when an incoming object is analyzed. It adds the raw score to the
Read the contents of the given file as a string. If no encoding is specified the default
Editor for the bayes estimator.
Save data to disk.
Writes a map to an XML stream using the specified serializer. The callback will be called with
Returns true if the key at the given index needs to be preloaded.
Generates a challenge token for the given address.
Perform the type check on each instruction in the basic block. If the basic block is empty
Run the given task with retries. If the task throws an exception it will be retried.
Pack the value into an array. If the value is a list it will be converted to
Remove an interrupt request from the queue.
Mark the heatmap as failed.
Inflate a drawable by its id.
Returns the offset of the given field in the object.
Adds an annotation at the specified location.
Writes a byte array to the buffer at the given offset. If the buffer is null throws
Concatenate the given iv and cipher text into a single byte array. The length of the
Sets the timestamp of the event.
Create a new material package with the given generic tracks.
Finds an edge in the same direction as p0 and p1.
Acquires the number of probabilities for the given string.
Resolve the given health issue.
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Test if a class exists in the database. If it does return true otherwise return false.
Add a new value to the aggregation set. If the new value is a byte array then
Returns true if the given entity is unparsed. If the entity is not unparsed returns false.
Flush the output stream.
URL - encode the given string using the default encoding.
Override focus event to hide the popup if the focus is lost.
Adds a request property to the list of request properties. If the key already exists it will
Executes the given task. If the task is rejected the task is removed from the queue.
Serialize the given value into a byte buffer.
Load the list of all the submissions for all the users in the system. The list is
Returns the bit value of the given string.
Move to the next record in the file. If there are no more records in the file
Composes the component of a and b from a to b using the dimming factor.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
Removes the given listener from the list of listeners for this tree model.
Create a new URI from the given name. If the name is not a valid URI an
Adds a view to the projected stream.
Reads the next speech record from the recorder and stores the result in the recording.
Resets the candies store to its initial state.
Returns the hash code of the given object.
Adds a parse template to the list of templates to use.
Attach a shooted image from the camera to the activity.
Returns the minimum of two numbers ignoring any NaNs.
This method is called before the service is registered. It is called before the service is registered
match string or throw exception.
Generates the source form for an annotation value. The source form is generated by visiting the
Creates a new byte buffer with the given capacity. The new byte buffer will be in little
Adds a point and its value to the histogram. The value is added to the range of
Checks that the collection attribute is valid and that it is not in the list of collections.
Puts a string into the buffer. The string is put into the buffer at the current position
Add an external entity declaration to the document.
Set the alpha value of the model.
Create class descriptor from field signature.
check get nfc service ticket response
Schedule a task to be executed after the given delay.
Fill an ellipse on the screen with a given semi major axis and a semi minor axis.
Swap the current cursor with the new one and return the old cursor.
Lock the flush queue. This method will block until the flush queue is full.
Returns true if the given class can be randomized. The class can be primitive wrapper string
Generate a native GUID based on the given device type and serial number.
Parses the given string into a list of secret keys. The first element is the confid
Create a writable raster.
Sort the children of the given node.
Returns the number of random numbers in the Poisson distribution with the given probability lambda.
Returns true if the sound with the given identifier is a builtin sound.
Returns an iterator over the registered serializers. The serializers are returned in the order they were registered
Checks if the given key is valid. Throws exception if key is invalid.
This method is called when the server is shutting down. It is called when the server is
Initializes the component. This method should be called by subclasses to initialize the component.
draw an arc if the current dash mode is dash mode. download mode is dash mode.
Format the given date with the given format and locale and time zone.
Decodes a byte array from the given input starting at the given offset with the given length.
Sets the message digest algorithm.
Sorts an array of integers in ascending order and returns a new array of the same length.
Copy the access control levels from this instance to the given list of access control levels.
Puts the given byte buffer into the buffer at the current content length and increases the content
Handle a response from the server.
Request a follower or a subscriber from a stream. If the time passed is less than
Remove view if it is hidden.
Consumes a CSS identifier.
Populate 1kbwrites.
Serializes this test to the given serializer. The serializer must be an instance of the k class
Rolls back to the temporary file. If an exception is thrown it will be suppressed.
Parse the x and y coordinates from the geometry string.
Write data to the server.
Returns the last index of the specified object or - 1 if the object is not present.
Returns true if the undo operation can be performed. This method is called when the undo operation
Calculate the destination of an image.
Called when a project event is received. If the event is an updated or created update the
Called when the user clicks on the mouse.
Update the visible ids in the tab content manager with the given priority list. The priority list
Add this node to the graph. If the node is already in the graph it will be
Show the previous notification.
Writes the internal representation of this node to the given output.
Adds an input node to the graph. If the input node already exists a warning will be
Initializes the database with the given configuration. This method will create a connection to the database specified
Registers an object to be read from the stream.
Adds an extension to the map. The header name is converted to lower case and the class
Merge this frame with the given frame and return true if any changes were made.
Run keytool on the given command. The command will be quoted if it starts with the
Snaps to the given position in the given section of the given available scroll height.
Update the test property to value 2.
unassign services from a universal id
Expands the cluster by adding a point to the cluster. The point is added to the
Get the elements of a float array.
Prepare transfers to be sent to the device. This is done by allocating a new transfer
Output a full line of text.
Add a payment to the system.
Register all the namespaces that have been unregistered.
Remove all objects from the list.
Sets the display name for the delete statement.
Creates a new type from the given AST and variable declaration.
Deletes the directory and all of its contents.
Wait for all iterators to be cleared in a given number of seconds.
Adds a lifecycle listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the lifecycle changes.
Returns the index of the given full path or - 1 if it is not found.
Destroys the volume. If force is set to true the volume will not be destroyed.
Creates a stack of points using a spline algorithm. The number of points is assumed to be
Validate the cooldown setting.
Convert the number of bytes to the number of megabytes.
Generate a new name for the given zoneset. If the name already exists it will be
Write the signature to the output stream.
Build a select statement from the given schema table keys and key values and print the result.
Set the animation to be applied to the view. The animation will be applied to the view
Checks if the given key ends with a URI.
Receive data from the i2c device. This method blocks until data is received or timeout
Adds a handler to this channel. The handler will be called when the channel is connected.
Sends the given bytes to the server. If an exception occurs the connection will be closed.
Copy the elements of the given collection to this array. The elements are copied to this array
Convert an http entity to a byte array.
Adds an argument to the end of the argument list.
Sets the namespace.
Calculate the coefficients of a variogram at a given point. The coefficients are the theore
Deserializes an object from a file.
Returns true if the given segment is a merged segment or false if it is not.
Create a PBE cipher parameters.
add group entitie list to emojicon view
Update the statistics. This method should be called at the end of each sample. If the
Returns true if the given path should be included in the result.
Generate the specified number of units and return them as an array of mech summary objects.
Concatenate two automata objects into a single automaton. The first automaton is the
Called when the contents of the list has changed. This method is called when the contents of
Creates a partitioned histogram from the given histogram values and the number of partitions.
Reads an object from the given input stream.
test constructor i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i.
Convert a user input into a full path.
Resizes the given number of leading zeros to fit into the given number of bits.
Read a single byte from the stream.
Expands the given key with the given salt and info using the HKDF algorithm.
Returns true if the emoticon is in the list of ignored emoticons.
Returns true if the given property is allowed to be set.
Read a roster from a file.
test constructor sign bytes zero null2
Accept a new file descriptor and return the number of accepted connections.
Transcode the svg file using the given transcoder. The transcoder will be used to
report progress to the database and notify the service if progress is not too low or too high
Create a new DOM document.
Set the grain for a specific SAS core.
handle tbl request handler list button add request
Draws a single point on the canvas.
Chunk a set of objects into a single chunk of size in bytes. If include values is
Parses the meta data and returns an array of the selected columns.
Finds a field in the given object. If the field is not found an exception is thrown
Create a new SSL session object from the given data.
Adds the dump file to the list of dump files to be processed.
Format a date by ordinal. If the year or day of year field is present it is
Checks if a page number is in the range of the sequence.
Dispose of the context.
Convert a collection of objects to a list of typed objects.
Adds aliases for the given source. The source is expected to be a byte array containing the
Add a new table to the system catalog and access control entries.
Removes the given configuration listener from the list of listeners. If the list is empty the listener
reclaim all scrap views to the given list of views.
Opens the window and opens the connection to the server. If the server is closed this method
Schedule a task to be run on the scheduled queue. The task will be run on the
Computes a 2 - bit hash code for two objects.
Parse a string into an array of doubles.
Returns a string with the global information about the application.
Returns a stream that concatenates two streams. The resulting stream is closed when both streams are
Find all elements in the iterator and initialize them with the values from the elements in the iterator
Decode XML data source properties.
Move forward to the next character in the document.
Adjusts the heights of the rows in the given table to match the preferred size of the
Get a list of volumes that are referenced by the given URIs. If delete is true the
Parse the given string into an array of format strings.
Updates the index column buttons depending on the current selection index.
Get the URL for a poi.
Wait for decoding to finish.
Converts the wiki to plain text.
Update the data with the given byte array and return the resulting byte array. The byte array
Create the packed params for a glyph list.
Executes an SQL UPDATE statement with the given arguments. Returns the number of rows modified or -
Returns true if the lock is held. Otherwise returns false. This method is intended to be
Returns a hash code for this identifier.
Adds an action to the view.
Display the given file. If the file does not exist it will be created. If the
Stores the latitude and longitude of a point in the context s preferences.
Returns either the best value or null if there is no best value.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Convert a row of JSON to a string.
Removes a table from the database. The table name must be the same as the table name
Returns true if the given category is in the set of bug categories.
is volume full copy source?
Checks that two linear regression models are equal.
Check if user has permission to access this resource. If not it will return a failure.
Test that the quorum is successful. The callback will be called with the number of times it
Request a set of permissions after the explanation has been met. This method is called after the
Pauses the current thread for the specified duration. If an exception occurs during the duration the
Writes a string to the output stream and logs any exceptions that may occur during the print.
Reads characters from the underlying stream into the specified buffer starting at the specified offset and length.
Reads an integer from the input stream.
Invoke a method on a given object with a variable number of arguments. The return value is
Returns true if the given program block contains a variable with the given name.
Set the root folder of the project.
Checks that doubles are sorted in ascending order. The comparison is done in ascending order. The
Returns true if the given class is registered in the registry.
Loads the class with the given name. If the class is not found an exception is thrown
Wait for all operations to complete.
Returns true if all test components in the target geometry are exterior of the test geometry.
This method is the inner method for creating a new resource. This method is called by the
Sets the endpoint to be used for this request.
Parse a value from the input stream.
Create a new time series with the default time zone.
Creates a list with three elements.
Allocates a new array of the given size.
Adds a float attribute to the current context.
Create a new directory in a container.
Fill an array of ellipse with the given color and translucency factor.
Zoom the domain of the graphics. This method is called when the domain of the graphics is
Refresh the due challenge counts from the logic and the categories.
Sets the identity for the given dimension.
Convert a buffered image to a swt image.
Checks if unlimited strength policy is available.
Returns the rsslim field as a long. The rsslim field is the number of bytes
Adds the totals for the given column layout. The totals are added to the end of the
Fill the stack trace with the string representation of the given array of stack trace elements.
Checks if the given file type is supported by any of the registered MIDI file writers.
Make this object immutable.
Returns a random number in the range [ 0 1 ).
Get the default values for the DS service. This is the default values for the DS service
Increments the worker count and returns true if the worker count was incremented.
Make the items for the given finger position and the number of items to be animated.
Returns true if the given path is a windows path. If the path is null or empty
Process an attribute string of type T_CHAR into a character object.
Adds a child element with the given name and value to the given element.
Returns true if the segment is balanced i. e. if all the segments are balance
Parse the attributes from the input stream and return a new attributes object containing the parsed attributes.
Reads the contents of a file into a byte array. If the file can t be read
Test stream api.
Adds a new term to the list of terms for this split.
This method is called when the threshold is reached. This method creates a temporary file and writes
Removes an index interval from the list and updates the lead and anchor indices to reflect the new
Rebuilds the event list. If reset is true the event list will be reset to the
Create a new disk store factory.
Delete all subdirectories in the given directory. If the directory does not exist nothing is done.
Puts the specified bytes into the buffer. The number of bytes will be put into the buffer
Mark the given register as reserved for the given category in the given register.
Register the default resource resolvers.
Process the authentication response based on the HTTP status code.
Releases the given byte array back to the pool. If the pool is full the array is
This method is used to configure the pipeline to be executed. The pipeline will be executed in
Initializes the list of acceptable methods.
Adds the given order to the list of active orders and returns true if the order was added
Puts a packet into the buffer.
Write an array of strings to an XML stream.
Unify the username by comparing the dev name with the commit name.
Sets the connection and table for the data query. This method is called when the query is
Store a throwable in the exception stack.
Create a new instance of the secure timestamp generator class. This class will be instantiated if it
Read the data from the given URL.
check if current time is valid according to recurrence rules rules list and start time. check time
Creates a new network with a random id. The network is created with a random id.
convert bytes to kilobytes
Create a pending intent with the given name. If no pending intent with the given name exists
Returns true if the method s modifiers are static.
Test string equality.
Unify line separators in the given string. The line separators are replaced with the line separators
Decrypts the given encrypted key using the given password and secret key.
Sets the configuration for the given platforms.
Fill the view from a selection. The selection will be placed on the left and right edges
Finds a field in the given object. If the field is not found an exception is thrown
r Calculate the position of the next break in the text area.
Returns the simplex that points to this simplex. The simplex will be empty if
Injects content into a temporary file and moves it to the destination file.
Returns true if the given character sequence is null or the length of the character sequence is zero
Create a boolean setting from the raw settings. If the setting doesn t exist return the default
This method is called when a client disconnects from the server. It is called by the
Looks up a service based on the given template. If the template has no service types or
Generate a unique key. The key is generated from the hash function. If the hash function
Returns a copy of this vector.
Deletes the file or directory at the given path. If the path is in the target directory
Initialize the pattern.
Add a new line of text to the given file.
Updates the attachment point. If the point is moved to the old attachment point the old attachment
Returns a copy of this list with all elements removed starting from the given offset.
Format the given double as a string with the current locale and the given number of decimal places
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Returns a sorted set of elements in the range [ start end ).
Checks if a legion is disbanding and if so disbands the legion
Index the given field in the given tuple. If the field does not exist in the tuple
Iterate from self to to to and call the closure with the value of the first argument.
Parse a DOM element.
Reads the next number of bytes from the input stream into the given buffer.
Insert a fullscreen info into the given list of fullscreen info objects.
Returns an input stream from the given location. If the location points to a file the stream
Adds an item to the data set and notifies the data set that the data set has changed
copy an access control list into a new share list.
Parse the input source and return a list of resources. The input source is assumed to be
Delete entitlements.
Incorporate signed properties.
Create a channel selection for the given contrast method.
Returns the mean of the values at the specified indices.
Returns the depth of this node. This is the depth of the node in the tree.
Performs a test on the given properties and returns true if the test was successful or false if
Import the selected file into the html text field.
fetch file cos id list
Add a task to the queue of tasks to be executed when the scaling state changes.
Inserts a new child node into the given parent at the given index.
Returns the maximum value of the distribution.
Writes a list of lines to a file. If the file does not exist it will be
Verify the auth tag for a given chunk. If the chunk does not exist return false.
Guess mime type from file extension.
Registers the given method with this binder. If the method is already registered it will be replaced
Parse the route file.
Remove a dted handler from the list of dted directories.
Adds a file with the given content provider and file name with the given entry information.
Reads the next token from the input stream and stores it in the lookahead array.
Splits the original vector into a new vector with the specified number of elements. The original vector
init urban sim zone writer.
Reset the dialog to its initial state. This method is called when the dialog is closed.
Add a task to be run in a new transaction. The task will be run in a
Replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Migrates all entities in the database.
Captures a different string in the map if the old string is different from the new one
Called when a new child thread is started. This method is called when a new child thread
Draws the labels at the x - axis.
Encodes the given byte array into a UTF - 8 string. If the byte array is already
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object. If the object is an instance
Creates a new instance of the ESA serializer. This method is intended to be called by
Load binary data from the given input stream. If the input stream is a file input stream
Returns true if the given node is a two slot type.
Sets the sections of the specification. Sections can be specified as a comma - separated list
Consumes a crlf from the input stream.
Process logout request.
Checks if an object is equal to this object s attribute and value.
Accept a file.
Adds a list of options to the given list of arguments.
Returns the current activity or throws an exception if the activity is not in the current state.
Start the scan.
Returns true if the url is landing page false if it is not landing page.
Writes the row count definitions for the given table creator and the given byte buffer.
Sends the given string to the client.
Initializes the token manager. This method should be called at the beginning of the initialization of the
Returns the fields for the given thrift field id or null if there is no such field.
Returns the string representation of the value of the bean.
Get the path of a file.
Sign the given content with the active signing key and write it to the given output stream.
Returns true if the next item in the buffer matches the given match string false otherwise.
Deserializes an object from the given byte array using the given class loader.
Create a new interval with the given data type source and classification. The data type and source
Checks if a value is true in the given dictionary. If the value doesn t exist it
Returns the shopping cart item.
Binds a new output stream to the current output stream. This method returns the current output stream
Initialize the map layer.
Sample a sample from the skew distribution using the given moment3 and sample variance.
Extract a span from a range of HTML spans. This method assumes that the start and end
Called when the chain length has been reached. This method is called when the chain length has
Returns true if the timer has a delay in milliseconds. If the timer has a delay of
push space handling on the stack.
Closes the file and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the file
Sets the input stream to read from. The input stream will be closed after this method returns
Deliver a message to a consumer. This method is called when a message is delivered to a
Decodes a message into a string. If ext is true then the string is encoded with the
Voted reclassify the example. If the example voted reclassify the example
Returns the identity hash code of this object.
Returns a clone of the stack.
This method is used to set the io property of the connection object. It is used to
Returns true if the key to add is contained in the key chain false otherwise.
Adds data to the script. If the length of the data is equal to the number of
Sets the thetas of all planes in this rotation matrix.
Writes the user registry to the server config file.
Returns the string representation of the given double value.
Decode a hanzi segment from the given bit source and append it to the given
Create a new record with the given name address class and metadata.
Sets the current thread s CPU time to the current CPU time. The CPU time will be
Looks up the audio file for the given input type locale voice style effects and input text.
Adds a new condition to the list of conditions to be executed.
Read bytes from a byte buffer and return it as a byte array.
Finds the package and class name in the input file. If no package name is found the
Log a message and a throwable if debug mode is on.
Fetch the virtual pools from the database. This method is used to fetch the virtual pools.
Reads the contents of a file into memory and stores it in the bytes attribute.
Returns the cardinality of this BitSet.
Escapes a literal string.
Get the cookie uri from the uri and the http cookie.
Log a message at the INFO level.
Adds the given value to the given list if list is not null and value is not null
Initialize the dialog with the given parent. This method is called when the dialog is opened.
Prints a string representation of a long field.
Substitute a string in the input string by a string in the input string.
Removes the specified listener from the list of listeners. The listener will no longer be notified.
The main loop of this class. This method will be run in a new thread and will
Clamp the magnitude of a value to be between a minimum and a maximum.
Reads an object from the given input stream.
Returns the block index of the operand at the given sources index or - 1 if the operand
Create a writer for the given file. If the file is a directory it will be created
Appends the program description to the given wrapping string builder.
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Get a URL from the given location. If the location points to a file the URL is
Parse a value from the given string.
Converts a string to upper case. If the string is already upper case returns the original string
Updates the list of environment variables. If the list is null then all environment variables are updated
Make a class from the given string. The class will be generated for each character in the
Notifies all gateways that a timestamp has been updated. This method is called when a timestamp
Moves to the next token that matches the given regular expression. If there is no next token
Remove a node from the cluster. If the node does not exist nothing is done.
Returns the content as a UTF - 8 string. If the content length is less than the
Sends a handshake request to the server and receives a response from the server.
Calculates the minimum value.
Emits tasks until the given number of tasks is reached or the given number of tasks is
Rotates around the x - axis by the given angle.
This method is called when auditing is completed. This method is called when auditing is
Scales the center of a rect by the given scale.
Parse an unprintable ext code.
Returns the height of the selected item based on the specified measure. If no measure is specified
Returns true if the given id is null or equal to the given id.
Update the pending list with the latest download info.
Returns a value in the range [ start end ). If the value is within the range
Creates a new title with the given string. The new title is appended to the current version
Checks if the given network is connected to the given network type. If the network type is
Deletes the item at the specified position. If the position is out of bounds this method will
Calculates the graident channel from the source channel to the dest channel with the given distance and
Adds a startup listener to the list of listeners to be notified when the server starts up.
Close the given channel quietly. This method does nothing if the channel is null.
Creates a new file from the list of files in the pool and returns a future that will
Create the DES key from the given bytes.
Checks that the given argument is a valid descriptor. If not an exception is thrown.
Creates a new JS output for the given module. The output is compiled using the current language
Returns the text content of this node as a string. The text of the node is the
Adds a new line to the list of lines to be processed.
Set the value of the field to the given string buffer. The string buffer is not modified
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Executes the given command asynchronously with the given handler. The handler will be called when the command
Get the liberty manager client.
Check compliance attributes. If compliance is enabled and compliance services are enabled the attributes will be checked
Update the zoning map with the given list of initiators and storage ports.
Wait for an invitation to be accepted.
x = y^t t - 1 where x = y^t t - 1.
Returns the number of components in the set.
test round math context precision0 and scale0.
Omit less frequency words from the frequency table. This is done by subtracting the frequency
Get a key selector from a type string. If the type is not found null is returned
Generate a sorted tag map from a set of partitions and a set of tags.
Describe a shape with a given flattening. The shape is assumed to be a 2D
Shortens a class name by removing the last dot of the given character.
Adds a graphic to the end of the list.
Returns a string representation of the parameter type ret and exceptions.
Flips the contents of the specified buffer. If the flip action is set to copy the
Adds a property restriction to this restriction.
Initialise Google Analytics with the given tracker id and exception parser. The callback will be called
This method is called when the move event is triggered. It is called when the move event
Reads the ID from the given input stream.
This method is called when an element is consumed. It pushes the current element onto the stack
Add a finally block to the bytecode.
Returns the next meta element in the JSON stream.
Writes a JSON representation of the given collection to the given writer. If the collection is null
Read the color table from the input stream.
Updates the last modified time of the file. If the file is read - only it will
Add a key to the keystore.
Returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
Creates a new repository request with the specified repository definition. The repository definition is expected to be
Disable the buttons.
Checks if a number is additive or not.
Writes the given string to the log. The number of bytes written is determined by the number
Adds a node port to the quarantine queue.
Create a column sort info object from the given model array.
Adds a feature from a JSON node. If the node is not a point the feature is
Sets the bit to true for the specified string. The bit will be set to false if
Sorts the individuals according to the given comparator. If the comparator is null then all individuals are
Writes the string to the given writer and flushes the writer.
Sets the default executor to be used for the task. The default executor is set to the
Returns true if the given method is a cglib renamed method.
Add a message to the list of messages to be logged. The message is added to the
Returns the union of the two arrays. If both arrays are null returns the first array.
is state change.
Execute the XPATH expression. This is the default implementation of the XPATH expression.
Returns the top n elements of the time series.
Grab the class name from a class signature.
Sets the values of this metric delta from the given stream of time series entries.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Returns the next element in the queue.
Escapes the bytes in the given byte string. If the given byte string does not need escaping
Repeats all the specified number of times.
Rename this class and all its methods and fields. The classnames argument is a map of
This method is called when the user clicks on the button 3. This method is called when
This method is called when an exception is thrown. It is called when an exception is thrown
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and this one.
Called when the test suite is done. If the number of expected tests is greater than the
Returns a list of the challenges in this response.
Convert an SSL session to a byte array.
Mersenne twister des Mersenne sicherstellen.
Verifies the timestamp of the certificate. If the certificate is expired or not yet valid an exception
Encrypt a password with a seed.
Returns the number of rows in the result set.
Convert byte array to hex string.
Writes a checked message to a byte array. This is used to write the message to the
Reduce the size of the icon to the given width and height. If the size exceeds the
Installs a builtin sound with the given identifier and input stream.
Counts the number of pages in the template that match the given fragments. If the whitelist is
Returns the index of the given name in the given table or - 1 if not found.
Score the tracks with the given query and add the score to the output collection.
Returns the current time in milliseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Encodes the given latitude and longitude into a byte array.
Put a long volatile on the given object starting at the given offset.
Executes a list of commands in the current shell environment.
Draw a circle at x y with radius r.
Prints a double value to the console.
Writes a signed integer to the underlying output stream.
Map a byte sequence to a string builder.
Adds a listener to be notified when a button is pressed.
Dispose of the connection.
Fill an XML element at a given index in the given list of attributes.
Creates a property gui from a property consumer. The property consumer will be used to consume the
Copy the contents of the file into the output stream at the given offset and size.
Deserializes a KDB header from the given input stream.
Test the test case.
Returns true if all permissions have been granted.
Fetch the charset from the cache for the given client and locale. If no charset is found
Paints the layer on the given graphics context. This method is called when the layer is
Adds a roll data control to the list of rolls.
Process add on changes.
Re - derives the value of this color from the source color.
Returns a string representation of the given OID array.
Begins a new idle thread. This method is called at the beginning of a new thread
Adds a span to the cache.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object.
Repaints all the children of this panel.
Checks that the given string is a valid DNS name. Throws an exception if it is not
Read a comment from the input string at the given index.
Finds the next occurrence of a separator in a string and appends it to a split string.
Try to guess the content type from the given URL.
Extract the last num tokens from a CSV string.
Establish connection to the log file.
Check if the cache header is valid. If not return false. If the cache header is
Show the active zoneset.
Returns an immutable copy of an empty array.
Replaces the non - optional nodes with the given ordered list of nodes.
Returns a string representation of the given accountable object.
Returns the hash code of this value.
Delete the given type from the given vertex. If the given vertex is a struct trait or
Read the contents of the given reader into a list of strings. The contents of the reader
Adds a new cache context to the grid cache.
Returns true if the given method is a cglib get callbacks.
Compares this media type with another media type.
Returns true if any of the dependencies in the dependency list have been modified.
Creates a new image element with the given width and height. If the width or height is
Returns true if this version is greater than the given version.
Create a new data source with the given properties.
Returns the set of locations for the given object. If the object is not found a new
Scrolls to the center of the current item.
Adds a meta object to the list. If the object already exists in the list it is
Removes a word from the set.
Checks the sign of the number is the same as the sign of the number.
Adds an item to the recent menu.
Invoke all on the thread pool. This is done by forking a new thread and then
Adds a package to the list of packages that will be used to build the configuration file.
Close the underlying input stream. This method is called when the underlying input stream is closed.
Create block mirror data.
Start the coap server. This method will start the coap server if it is not
Retains all elements from this list to the end of the other list.
Called when an exception is caught in the session. This method is called when an exception is
Clear the result text and set it to the result text.
Converts a collection of objects to a string. If the collection is empty returns the empty string
Returns the value between min and max.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified string in the buffer with the specified parameters.
Look up a qualifier in the given node. If it is found it is added to the
Returns true if the given frame id is allowed to be sent multiple times.
Parse the given XML file and return the configuration as an array of strings. The XML file
Create a TOC file from the given RPF file and write it to the given output
Post an event to the event queue and notify all waiting threads.
Choose a server alias for the given key type principal issuers and socket.
Process a BMP image and write it to the output file.
Set the handler for the given path. The handler will be called when the given path is
Load the lines from the input stream into the output stream. If an error occurs during parsing
Loads the ignore file from the given folder. If no file is found the default exclude pattern
Removes an argument from the list of arguments. If the list is empty nothing is done.
Returns true if the given string looks like one of the types in the list.
Sets the primary key attribute.
Creates a note in the database. The note is stored in the notes table.
Verify that all messages in the given list are unique.
Adds the given node as the next node in the graph. Sorts the nodes in the
Called when the user changes the configuration of the dialog. This method is called when the user
Reads a UTF - 8 string from the input stream.
Adds an integer to the given linked list.
Reset the top item of the grid to its initial state. The top item will be filled
Returns the next token in the stream as a string. The type of the next token is
Returns the current repaint manager for the given component or null if there is no current manager.
Checks if the port is a recoverpoint initiator.
Returns true if the character data is an XML character. If the string is null or empty
Sends the given buffer to the client.
Returns true if the specified feature is set in this routing context. If the feature is not
Remove a click listener from the list of listeners to be notified when a wheel is clicked.
Adds a section to the list of sections. The section will be sorted according to the section
Calculates the preferred wrap position for the given text. The preferred position is based on the tab
Adds all elements from v to this vector.
Pipe all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Adds a new rule to the list of rules that match the given expression. If the expression
Validate the number.
Send a message to all workers until the stop count is reached or the stop count is reached
Convert a string to an array list.
Pick the character set to use. If the system property is not set the string is returned
Test to engineering string.
Removes all elements from the set. If the set is full the elements will be filled with
Adds a layer to the map.
Reads a list of rules from the given reader. The reader is closed after this method returns
Apply the given updates to the managed data and return the updated data or null if the updates
Writes a portion of a character array to the output buffer. The output buffer will not be
Detect the episode from the given file.
Create an array creation term.
Fires an event to all registered listeners.
Sets the type of the preference to be built.
ExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpungeExpunge
Checks if the given text is a numeric value.
Returns true if the given string ends with a character.
Decodes the given encoded byte array and verifies that it is a valid RSA key.
Returns the date from the given calendar object.
Returns true if the request is for client authentication false otherwise.
Creates the panel for the image file.
Writes a line to a buffered writer. The line will be wrapped in a new line.
Returns the child at the given index.
Check if the current thread has modify permission.
Creates a function that takes a value and returns it as a value.
Remove a number of quotes from a string.
Returns true if the attribute is defined in the namespace of the given dtm. If the attribute
Test user data handler notified of shallow clones.
Set the title and value of the chart. This is the main entry point for the chart
Returns the last index of the given object in the given array starting from the given index.
Creates a new column of float type with the given default value.
Read from the prj file until a line that starts with the given string starts with the given
Purges a single item from the queue. If there are no items in the queue then
Check if the user has permission to alter the period converters. If not throw an exception.
Returns true if the given artifact coordinates are equal ; otherwise returns false.
Checks that the matrix has the correct dimensions. Throws an exception if they do not.
Imports the given change into this object.
Returns the writer for the line file. The writer will write the document to the line file
Returns a new fuzzy query with the given text and fuzziness.
Set the basic information about the chain of calls and syscalls. This information is used to
Starts the playback of the file. The file must have been opened before this method is called
Checks that the string is not empty. If the string is empty throws an exception with the
Resets the current context to null.
Convert an object to an array of parameter values. If the object is not a collection an
Logs out the user with the given username and returns true if the user was successfully logged out
Create an operation to update or create a network interface.
Facade for the given code source. This method is called when a new code source is created
Create a new broadcaster. The broadcaster will bind to the specified address and port.
Closes the underlying RRD file and releases any resources associated with it.
Returns a new vector with the given degree rotated around the origin. The resulting vector will be
Create a string from a URI and a character set.
Adds the specified field to the set. If the field is already present it will be replaced
Hides the border of the button.
Remove a filter processor from the exclusion map.
Adds a new point to the histogram with a given weight.
Adds a tag id to the tag set. If the tag id is greater than the current
Enable TLS intolerant on the server socket.
Returns the executions in the order from root to leaf. The executions are ordered in ascending order
Initialize the TK matrix. This is the initial state of the TK matrix.
Serialize an expression. The expression is represented by a list of strings representing the expression and its
Defines the pane menu buttons.
Restore a method from a list of URIs. This method is used to restore a list of
Remove a data source listener.
Get the right part of a string.
Clear the name in all unoccupied blocks.
Unserialize an object from the given data object.
Stop the grid thread. The grid thread is stopped when the number of threads is reached.
Push a new template folder onto the stack of templates to be rendered.
Prints the first node of the tree in the order they appear in the tree.
Adds a new event to the list. If the time of the event is greater than the
Generate a database schema with the given generated tables and schema. This is the main entry point
Initializes the puzzle. This method is called when the puzzle is initialized. This method
Called when a scan is about to be opened. This method is called when the scan is
Adds a primitive and its abbreviation to the map of abbreviations.
Initialize the tree map.
Locate the replicator home directory.
Set the data to be displayed on the page. This is useful when you want to display
write a repeated sqr to the stream xdd. xdd must be of type double
Append a float to the buffer.
Opens the given file in the current operating system. If the given file is a directory the
Override destination to check if the status is okay and if so schedule the test for the destination
Flushes the buffer and closes the underlying output stream.
Normalize the given path. If the path is already normalized it is returned. If the path
Get a random value from the lucene test case or null if there is no random value
Records the given deployment in the list of deployments and returns the new deployment.
This method is called before the bundle is started. It is called before the bundle is started
Called when the DLSN value has been received. This method is called when the D
This method shuts down the mysql cleanup thread. It uses the class loader to load the
Writes the contents of a byte array to the output buffer.
Parse the given template with the given context and return the result as a string.
Creates a custom from tag. This method is called when a custom from tag is created.
Write jpeg to file. If exif is not null it will write exif data to file.
Check if image server exists in the database.
Returns the current time in nanoseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Remove an extension from the list of extensions. The extension will be converted to lower case.
Returns the sub - allocated namespace context for the element at the given node index.
Adds an observer to the list of observers. If an observer is already present it will be
Returns the distance between the i - th element and the k - th element in the given
Formats the given pattern and appends the result to the given buffer. The field position fpos
Adds a keyword to the map.
Releases the reference to the given field of the given object. If the field has no reference
Converts a list of dashboards to a list of dashboards DTOs.
Returns the screen executor for the given executor. If e is a fork join or async pool
Adds a group properties listener to the list of listeners.
Edit a global function comment.
Clear all sessions in the pool. If clear is true the session will be removed from the
Checks if an entry exists in the cache.
Unpacks a string into a char array of the same length as the given string.
Initialize the native object. This method should only be called from the constructor of the native object
Returns a wrapper for the given name. If the name is shorter than the length of the
Start an element. This method is called when the start of an element is encountered.
Returns true if the value associated with the given key is a string.
Create the memory prs for the given region and redundancy in the given VM list.
Compute the k - th diagonal of a matrix. The k - th diagonal of the matrix
Check the ant version. If it is present add it to the hashtable. If it
Build the network from the neurons in the neuron graph.
Returns true if the characters in the given sequence are equal to the characters in the given sequence
This test case 1 is the division of a number and 2 is the sign of the result
Returns an enumeration of the productions contained in this grammar.
f tight source range nodes.
Override isEventDisabled to check if the event is disabled based on the type of the event
Display the string in a modal window. The string will be displayed in the modal window.
Apply the transformation to the given point array without touching the original.
Converts an escaped function to the target string.
Returns a string representation of this port.
Adds a session listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the session changes.
Create a path from a timestamp.
Prints a message to the console. The message is compacted if the message is ignored.
Connect to the specified address and port on the underlying socket. The socket will be closed when
Returns true if the given string is an access modifier.
Handles a failed append request.
Select a size pair that matches the desired width and height. If no size pair matches the
Load all items from cursor.
Decodes a UTF - 8 string into a UTF - 8 string. The UTF - 8 string
Converts all keys in the attributes map to lower case and returns a new map.
Makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this method.
Creates a linked list containing the two given objects. The first object is added to the list
Read the next part of the file into a byte array.
Returns true if the table is multi - line tabbed or false if it is not.
Compute the parameters of the Gaussian distribution based on the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the
Translates the given data type to the given target data type with the given size and scale.
Find the index of the global valley location in the data array.
Move the selected row down.
Create a new jar with the given file path.
Shuts down the executor immediately and returns the list of runnables that have been scheduled
Converts a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
Handle either unlock or install depending on the current state of the key store.
offset the start time if necessary based on the recurrence rule. If the recurrence rule is not
Returns a new vector with each element in this vector rounded to the nearest integer.
Simulate a method.
Removes all explored elements from the frontier. If there are no explored elements then
Parses the attributes of this widget from the given typed array.
Concatenate two byte arrays into a single byte array.
Throws an exception if this subscriber has not been terminated.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the argument is invalid.
Returns true if the given calendar is before today.
Build the login ui for the given application and activity.
Unmaps a SCSI volume from a SCSI initiator.
Returns the list as a collection of objects.
Adds a quarter arc to the given path.
Parse the given content into a block of text nodes.
Read random bytes into the given byte array starting at the given offset. The length of the
Remove all registered scanning callbacks.
Read bytes from the input stream.
Handle manager creation.
Checks that the set shape is the same as the old shape and that the new shape is
Returns true if the file is visible. If the file is null or if the file is
Append two strings to an existing array and return the resulting array.
Delete the user from the server. If the user does not exist it will be created.
Converts a byte array into a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Initialize the itemset.
Computes and returns the bounds of the editor.
Reads a portion of the string into a byte array. This method throws an unsupported operation exception
Constructs a new cuboid with the specified bounds.
Computes the log marginal likelihood of a list of values. This is a smoothed version of the
Returns true if the message starts with the given string or if the message is the same as
Install the user agent and the string in the system properties. If the operating system is Mac
Puts count double values from the given double array into this buffer starting at the given offset.
Load the recipients from the address map and add it to the set of recipients.
Returns true if the given filename has the given extension. If the given extension is null or
This method is called before persisting the state of the state machine. This method is called
Add a new padstack to the stack.
Sets the base arguments for the command line. This method is called when the command line is
Start the content model for the given element name and augmentations. If validation is enabled the
Creates an omalagnetic montage with the specified radius units and number of vertices
Creates an input source from the given string.
Returns the root user preferences.
Convert a socket identifier into a debug string. The identifier can be in the range 0 -
Adds a string to the end of the map. If the size of the map exceeds the
Reads the contents of the given file into a string. If the file does not exist it
Get the x coordinate of a tile given a grid x and tile width.
Sets the input type and alignment for the given connection.
Create a new bsh class manager for the given interpreter. If the given interpreter is null
Swaps the display and surface of this buffer with the current display and surface of this buffer
Request the last login time of the password policy.
Returns a stream of words from the given text.
Add an app to the list of applications to be displayed. If an activity with the same
Matches the given field with the given value. The value must be a list of objects.
Remove you tube markup from the given plot string.
Creates a dash array string from the given list of float values.
Returns the position of the first occurrence of the given pattern starting at the given start position.
Loads the next generation number from the directory. If the next generation number is greater than the
Reads a line of text from the given input stream and returns it as a string.
Checks if a table exists in the database. If the table does not exist returns false.
Process a colon at the end of the input stream.
Returns true if the script contains the specified delimiters. If the script does not contain the specified
Compresses the given byte array into the given output stream. The output stream will be closed
Asserts that the given service is not joined.
Encrypts a block of data and stores the result in a byte array.
Prints the given string to the text area.
Adds the connection groups to the retrieved connection groups.
Load the map from the given input stream. The input stream must be a valid shape file
Adds a line decoration to the list of decorations that will be displayed on the page.
Parse the link title.
Put a value into the matrix.
Close the connection.
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Create a warning with the given key and arguments. The warning will be reported to the given
Destructor. This is the destructurer of a pattern. This is the destructurer
handle tbl sub config button delete request.
Returns true if the connection is healthy or false if it is not. If the connection is
Adds a column to the table at the given index.
Initialize the tabbed pane. This method is called when the tabbed pane is created.
Returns the norm of the vector z.
Get the value as a string. If the value is null return the empty string. If
Returns the hash code of this factor.
Convert maximal to minimal edge rings.
Remove an image sharing listener.
Update the wave file size by reading the number of bytes from the buffer and writing it to
Writes the journal to the output stream.
Returns true if this string matches the given string.
Called when the mouse button is released. This method is called when the mouse button is released
Compute the maximum value for a chart based on the percent factor per series and the number of
Adds a new channel to the list of channels and broadcasts the added events.
Join an array of objects into a string. If the array is longer than the number of
Returns true if the class has the given trait false otherwise.
Creates a new quantity supply for the given boundline. The quantity supply is the number of
Returns the number of parameters.
Load the metadata from an XML node.
Adds the specified value to the map. If the map already contains a value for the specified
Read the data from the input stream.
Computes the dot product of this vector and another vector.
Emits the main subroutine code. The main subroutine is the main subroutine.
Computes the standard deviation of the given list of doubles.
Trim the array to the size of the array. If the array is larger than the current
Test set bit zero outside 1.
Compares two date objects and returns the index of the first occurrence or - 1 if the date
Read the next chunk of data and decode it into an array of solution objects.
Create a UDP datagram socket for sending and receiving messages. The socket will be closed when
Multiplies all values in the map by the given value.
Returns true if the given level is greater than or equal to the current level.
Computes the list of children of the given folder.
Quotes a file path for use in a SQL statement.
Read data from the input stream.
Removes all maps and tombstones and sets the current memory size to zero and notifies the
Remove an image consumer from the queue.
Returns true if the navigation is at the bottom of the screen.
Update the aperture with a new value and update the aperture refresh time.
Creates a new invocation for the given protocol key. If the invocation already exists it will be
Compute and set the mark of the resource statistics based on the number of passed failed and nm
Test the gcd of the first non - zero number. This test is done by comparing the
test king capture
Validate and evaluate a list of expressions using the given view name and context. The expressions are
Parse a relative directory from an svn bind string. The relative directory is interpreted as a
Pick the character encoding from the input stream.
Generate the URL for the given series and category.
Check if the thread is idle. If it is it will return true. Otherwise it will
Initialize the context menu. This method is called when the context menu is first created.
Decode a 64 - bit image into an array of 64 - bit integers.
Create a new script with the given name and execute it in the given database connection.
Returns a random cauchy number between 0 and 1.
Add a job group that should never be deleted.
Create the layout for the given workflow and control panel. The layout includes the workflow description control
Poll for a new message from the client. This method will block until a message is received
Add a field to the multi match query.
Encode the polynomial to the given output stream.
Signal that no acks have been received.
Convert an array of integers to a string.
Copies the contents of the source byte array into the target byte array. The target byte array
Returns the great circle distance between this point and the given location.
Parse the manifest file and return the list of input splits. If no splits are found an
Read bytes from the underlying stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and length
Fire an operator that has been moved to another node. This method is called when an operator
Removes an individual from the list.
Modify the variable id. This method is called when the old id is changed to the new
Repeats the given string by the given number of times.
Wait for a state change. If the state has not been changed this method will block until
Pick a node from the inference graph. The first node in the graph is chosen from the
Adds the user fields to the model. This method is called when the model is created.
Parse an integer from a string. If the string has leading zeros null is returned.
Finds the bounds of the node with the given id. If no node with the given id
Stop all the workers in the given collection. If the collection is null then all workers are
Returns a copy of the current frame.
Calculates the percentage of a state transition based on the flap interval and the number of transitions
Mangles the name of a method and its parameter types.
Saves the current state of the attribute.
Consumes a string from the queue.
Print out the list of defined IPs.
Disposes the codec and decoder.
Returns the number of transpositions between two sequences.
Parse an object from the given source at the given position.
Returns a stream of time series collections.
Register a module in the manifest. If the module is already registered it will be replaced.
arranges the block in the given container and returns the bounds of the block in the given
Checks if the given content type is the same as the given message. If the content type
Generate an X. 509 certificate.
This method is called when the user clicks on the submit button. This method is called by
Check the dependencies of all modules in the given module list. If any of the modules are
This method is called when a bean is removed from the bean context. This method is called
Checks that the given directory is writeable.
Returns a string representation of this Duration.
Write a java. io. object to the given output stream.
Start an entity with the given name.
Returns true if the given name is a java keyword.
Extracts the import URL from the given matcher.
Returns true if this collator is equal to the given one.
The test method. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Rename the type of the given type object or array to the new type of the given type
Writes a list of file values to an XML document.
Set the title of the button. This is the default title of the button. The title
Invalidates all caches.
Write a byte array to an XML stream.
Write a list of strings to a file.
Cancel all requests with the given tag.
Draws a snap with the given text at the given x1 y1 x2 x2
Convert a generic record into a subset of the given schema.
Queues an operation for execution in a thread - safe manner. This method is thread - safe
Interprets a string into an array of cells.
Apply the transformation to the given shape. The transformation will be applied to the center of the
Print a list of strings with a given number of indentation.
Initialize the tabbed pane. This method is called when the user opens a new tab.
Checks the revocation status of a certificate. The certificate must be in the same domain as the
Returns the composite type for the given alpha composite rule.
Remove a tracking icon.
Find the phonemes in the state machine.
Removes the parent file from the given file and returns a new file object.
Returns true if a and b are almost equal by the given delta.
End the current element.
Fill with a byte. max value. This test is done by checking that the string is
Writes an open bracket.
Calculate the logarithm of the given value.
Upload a file from source to dest. If the file already exists it will be overwritten.
Create a zip file from the input string. Delete the zip file from the temp folder.
Removes the handler for the given column name.
Returns true if the tag is empty and the number of images is equal to the number of
Restore the badges from the saved bundle.
Sets the touch time and calls the worker thread.
Creates a new entry with the given name and vector of arguments.
Adds a waiting message to the list of waiting messages. If the count is greater than the
Pushes a new top element onto the stack. If the stack is full it will grow
Log the hierarchy of the given class loader. If the given class loader is null then the
Adds a gossip member to the list of members.
Get the list of log files.
Returns true if the case sensitive option is selected. If the case sensitive option is not selected
Returns true if the given node is a namespace node that starts with the given string.
Returns a hash code for this field.
Create a sub config model for the given request.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object. If the object is not an
Convert a color string to an integer color.
Set the action to pick.
Perform a binary traversal on the given node.
Called when an end element is encountered. This method is called when an element is closed.
Cancels all requests on this endpoint.
Returns the value of the attribute at the given index. If the attribute does not exist it
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if no value is associated with the key
Decodes a base58 encoded string into a byte array.
template sub pattern association.
Deletes this node from the file system. The node will be closed after this call returns.
Returns true if any of the annotations in the given type have no prefix.
Try to format the given string with the given format string. If the format string does not
Returns an ignite logger for the given class or creates a new one if it doesn t
Receive a single byte from the server.
Checks the given resource against the current spin s constraint. If the resource does not have a
Checks if the given string is a valid IMDB ID. If the given string is empty
Shows the current video in the activity. This method is called when the video has been recorded
Write a list of coordinates to a string buffer.
Checks if the given exception is intended to be handled by the given class.
Swaps the rows and columns of a matrix with the diagonal elements of the source matrix.
Returns true if the task bar can be popuped. If the task bar cannot be popup
Create a new cluster with the given parameters.
Finds the main classes in the given directory.
Checks that the given string is a valid XML string. If it is throws an exception.
Read the boolean values from the input stream.
Returns true if the given access is compatible with the instant.
Adds the elements of the given array to the sequence.
Sets the executor to be used for the listener manager.
Reads an object from the input stream. If the input stream is not an object an exception
Compute the offset for a line segment.
Returns the element at the specified location. If the location is out of bounds an exception is
create qo rules from json object.
Converts the given text into an array of octets. If the text is longer than the attribute
Formats a double value with the specified number of decimal places.
Flush the output stream.
Returns true if the string is a character of the given length.
Calculate the bounds of a rectangle.
Add a clear graph data button to the plot.
Returns the normalized Levenshtein distance between s and t.
Create a file with the given number of characters.
Returns true if the type is an animal.
Unify the line separators in the given string. If the given string is null returns null
Adds a ping notification to the list of notifications that will be sent to the server.
Creates a new datastore on all hosts in the cluster and returns the list of nfs data
Check the size of the array. If the size is greater than or equal to the current
Add a new album to the album list.
Checks that the given name is a valid internal identifier.
Initializes a task for each capture session. The task will be executed when the task is done
Unquote the given name and return it as a string. If the name is not quoted
Returns true if the given player is the leader of the game.
Redo the last operation in the stack that can be merged with the current one.
If r is an alt result throw it. If r is an exception throw it. If
Write a protein to a temp file.
Test the casts of the SQL string.
Write the contour to a sptkl file.
Start the current thread with the given timeout. This method will block until the current thread is
Finds the first element with the given name in the given parent.
Create a star expression.
Removes an element from the set. If the element is present it is removed from the set
Override mouse clicked to delegate to the delegate.
Print a formatted string in the given locale with the given format string and arguments.
Transforms the source XML into the target XML. The target XML is assumed to be an XML
Test sort attributes before elements.
Adds the given instruction to the list of suffixes.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Close the selector if it is open. If the selector is open it will close all channels
Subtract two numbers.
Add one or more required attributes to the request.
Show the history dialog.
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Reads from the input stream and returns the result as a byte array. Closes the input
Construct a streamable from a publisher.
Creates a new connection with the given prototype and max message size. The connection will block until
Parses the bitmap data and returns the bitmap object. This method is called when the bitmap is
Returns the notification with the given id. If no notification with the given id exists a new
Sets the gradient of the green color.
Writes a histogram to a file. The histogram is sorted by key. The values are written
Dereference the given stage.
Adds the given number to the left character and the given number. The result is a number
Clips the given string if it is not longer than the given number of characters.
Remove an element from the queue. If the queue is empty cancel the task.
Adds a new fragment to the end of the slide.
Wrap the given string to the given maximum width. If the string is longer than max width
Create a vertex buffer from a float array.
Publish a message to a MQTT topic.
Deletes all files in a directory and its subdirectories.
Inverse sub - band of an image.
Move a file to a directory. If the source file is a directory it will be moved
tungsten security properties.
Closes the given input stream.
Clear the list of files that have been scanned. This is done by deleting all the files
Execute a process and check its output and error streams.
Start merging files. This method blocks until all files have been merged or the merge is complete
When a document is inserted it will be marked as dirty. If the document is not dirty
Thrown when an exception occurs during parsing of a date time. This method is called by the
Returns true if the source and target are parallel siblings of the given axis.
Reads an object from the input stream. The input stream must be of the given class.
Test case 18. The result is a negative number and the result is a positive number.
Creates a plain text from an integer.
Returns true if the given calendar is today.
Start the port manager.
Prints a double field as a string.
Convert yuv image to bitmap.
Reads a double value from a string.
Returns true if the given feature is present in the given version. If version is null or
Finds a matching port in the target list and assigns it to the given port usage map.
Returns the next event in the queue. If the queue is full the next event will be
Append the points to a buffer.
Updates the given combo box with the list of tracks.
Sets whether or not the transformer should be used for projects or not. This method is called
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Opens the compare editor and returns the result of the operation.
Adds the given resource to the list of resources to be processed.
Returns true if the given string is a valid numeric value.
Encodes the given string using the preferred encoding. If the given string is already encoded it is
Adds the given delta to the current value and returns the new value. If the current value
Returns the current time in the given time unit.
Appends a name - value pair to the given list of name - value pairs.
Creates a new properties object from the given URL.
Calculate the weight of the given plan based on the given max score.
Returns true if the given filename has an extension in the given collection of extensions false otherwise.
Find the selected value in the value list.
Create a znode with the given key. If the key already exists it will be overwritten
Calculate the logarithm of the given value.
Returns the element of o that is the power of o to the power of o.
Receives a datagram packet from the socket.
Convert temperature in degrees k to RGB array.
Creates a new map builder with the given name. The name will be used to map the
fill ziiz test.
Adds all elements in the specified collection to the end of this queue.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Returns the default resource name for the given table name and type.
Update the location and destination combo boxes depending on the current state of the combo boxes.
Remove class column tip text.
Joins the given array of named values with the given separator. If the array is longer than
Returns the source class for the given attribute and distance. If the attribute is nominal then
Flushes the output stream.
Request a group data from the server.
Encodes a cookie into a hex string. If the cookie is null or invalid null is returned
Skips the specified number of bytes from the head of the buffer.
Resume the animation by resuming the animation. This method is called when the animation is paused
test subtract diff scale neg
This method is called when a new object is added to the prototype. This method is called
all to all panel.
Returns true if the specified function is available in the specified namespace. If no function is available
Allocates the given number of sections. If the list is not large enough it will be
Returns true if a soft - ttl is needed to refresh the cache.
Returns a random byte array of the given length.
Calculates the weight distribution for the given column.
Removes the file extension from the given file name.
Deletes the key with the given name. If the key does not exist an exception is thrown
Normalize the given data frame to be between the given minimum and maximum values.
Returns true if the given scheme is a socket scheme false otherwise.
Adds a leaf with non existing parents.
Adjusts the block listeners in the old range to the new range. If the old range
Encodes a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
Clamp the original size to fit within the given area and maximum size. If the original
Encapsulates a connection between two TCP connections.
Returns the string representation of this instance.
Encodes the given byte array into a byte array of the same length as the input byte array
Draw a face in the specified direction.
Adds a file alteration observer to the list of observers.
1 - p logarithm of a number.
Creates a new big integer with the given number of bytes.
Creates a new instance of the given class name using the given class loader. If the class
Add an action to the game.
Adds a polygon to the end of the polygon list.
Read a value from a JSON array at a given index. If the index is out of
Waits for an element to not be present on the DOM.
Asserts that this subscriber has been completed.
Returns true if the video is a vimeo url false otherwise.
Returns true if the task has been cancelled. This method is called when the task is cancelled
Push a sub context list onto the stack.
Update downloaded files.
Dumps the current configuration options to the console.
Parse a resource as a JSON tree.
Returns the start states of this model. The first state is the first sub - model.
Remove a container and cancel the request if necessary.
Computes the kernel density of a collection of points.
Clones the given object into a new serializable object. The object will be returned as is
Returns true if there are three points in the curve.
Sets the name of the zip entry. The zip entry will have the same name as the
Run the query using the specified number of statements. The statements are executed in a separate thread
Read a dictionary from the given input stream. The input stream will be closed when finished.
Adds a vertex to the graph. If the vertex is a parameter then the number of vertices
Creates a new view to model with the specified number of rows. The new view will be
Returns an unmodifiable view of the files in the directory.
Returns true if the operating system is a Mac OS.
Returns true if the concrete throwable is assignable from one of the given classes.
Pops and encodes the messages in the queue into a string. If the queue is empty
Prints an int value to the output stream.
Returns a hash map with the number of items in each set. The number of items in
Returns true if all characters in the string are alphabetic.
Returns the digit of the character at the given index. If the character is not a digit
Load a library with the given name and path. This method will throw an error if the
Returns an enumeration of the options of this option. The options are ordered by the number of
Test constructor sign bytes positive 7.
Save the certificate in the given key store with the given password and ca alias.
Adds a filter builder to the or query.
Log a message at level DEBUG. If the log level is higher than debug the message will
Increments the count and increases the cumulative and mean values by the given number of rows
test ctor 2.
Returns the string representation of this node.
Split traces with end point.
Flip all bits in place in a byte array.
Sets the source of the index request.
Adds the given users to the given configuration.
Drains all buffered data from the buffer pool. If the buffer pool is full the
Copy a file from source to dest. If dest does not exist it will be created.
Encodes the given properties object into a URL - encoded string.
Generate the RSS feed in the given writer using the given extension profile. The profile will be
Test sorting elements by name.
Delete a directory recursively.
Converts a date time string to a timestamp using the given format and time zone and locale.
Returns true if the given string starts a new hunk.
Removes all values from the map.
Read the chars in the password and return them as a hash map. The chars are read
Convert a string to a byte array.
Play a file for a specific user.
Run finalizers on JVM exit.
Predict intervals for a given confidence interval. The confidence interval is the mean and variance of the
Returns the minimum element in the collection according to the specified comparator. If no comparator is specified
Check if a sha hash is equal to a given file. If file is null or empty
Adds a value key to the list of names.
Updates this assignment with the given border. If the border already exists it is replaced with the
Returns the name corresponding to the given character. If the value is greater than or equal to
Splits the given string into lines and returns them as a list of strings.
Draw the chip grid and wafer edge. This method is called when the area is drawn
Adds a hole to the ring.
Register all the components of the chart.
Initializes a new instance of the given type with the given interface instance.
Skips n bytes from the input stream returning the number of bytes skipped.
Generate a 64 bit hash value from the public key and the message digest.
Creates a new sub - command handler for the given path and relation.
Set the title and value of the chart. This is the main entry point for the chart
Read a line element and return it as a figure object.
Add an array of objects to the model.
Returns true if the call type is set.
Map the source to a buffer. If the source is not found a new buffer is created
Adds the given extensions to the given shell. The extensions will be added to the given shell
Load the metrics for a given storage system. The metrics are stored in the virtual nas
Read a short value from the stream.
create job for copy partition.
The main method of this class. This is the main method of this class. It will
Find orders in the given dispatch context.
Checks if a file exists and is a file. If the file does not exist returns false
Finds the stage with the given path starting from the given stage id. The path must be
Calculates the t - value for the given coefficients and standard error. The t - value is
Run the list of heroic bootstrapers.
Read the header id and check that it matches the expected id.
Returns a byte array with the number of entries and the number of entries written to it.
Save the buffer with the given name. If the buffer with the given name does not exist
schedule storage for local or distributed vplex. if ha is true will schedule storage for distributed
Completes the given relative path with the given base dir and shown base dir.
Returns true if the given specifier is a file specifying a module.
Insert the expected pool settings per tier into the given key map.
Transfers data from the source stream to the destination stream. The source stream is closed when
Returns the path position at the given unit level.
Returns the number of bytes that can be read from the input stream or - 1 if there
Adds a class value and weight to the matrix.
parse groups.
Called when a drag gesture is recognized. This method is called when a drag gesture is recognized
Checks if the given character is an identifier helper character.
Adds a header line to the end of the message.
Loads an address from the given column of the given result set. If the column does not
URL - encode the given string using UTF - 8 and replace all characters with the original string
Get the url from the url string and the bundle. If the url does not end with
This method is called after a start element. It is called after the start of an element
Guess the MIME type of the given file.
Advance all the terms in the model.
Returns true if this field is a public field and false if it is a private field.
Returns true if the budget is releasing encumbrance false if it s releasing
Creates a locale transferable from the given formats.
Writes the length of a byte array to the stream. The length must be between 0 and
Adds a generic font family to the font registry.
Writes a reference to the given node. If the reference already exists it will be overwritten.
Parse the data token and return the parsed object or null if there is no data token.
Returns true if there are no individuals.
Returns the string representation of this date time using the given date time formatter.
Converts the class name to a dotted class name.
Create a new dialog with the given parameters. This is the main entry point for the dialog
Moves to the next video in the list.
Invoke a method on the given object with the given parameters. If no such method is found
Adds the nodes from the given iterator to the end of the current node set.
Creates a stream for the given path. If the stream already exists it will be returned.
Clean up the history of numbers.
Process the styled attributes of the image.
Log a message with the given template and code.
Translates a string to a string with the given label map and label types. The action is
Returns true if the resource can be loaded.
Returns true if the value is a boolean or false if it is a number or na.
Parse a boolean from a string. If the string is not a boolean an exception is thrown
Check if an event has a default value.
Returns the string representation of this date time using the given date time formatter.
Initialize the source code map with the line number as key and the line number as value.
Returns the inverse unit matrix of this matrix.
Returns a set of allowed duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field is visited for the given object. If field is null returns false
Remove a runnable from the list of completed tasks.
Add shingled queries.
Returns the token as an XML identifier.
Creates a snapshot of the current state of the virtual machine. This method is called by the
Store a log file in the database.
Merges the current props with the new props and returns the result. The new props will be
Sets the preferred language for the delete query.
Play on prepared mode.
Parse a single parameter from the request. This method is used to parse the request parameters.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position in the input stream.
Move all players in the world within a specified radius.
Get an ECDHE curve from a supported curve id.
Add a header to the message.
Returns the object as a string.
Recreates the workspace table in the specified database.
Execute a parameterized n1ql statement with a list of named parameters.
Ends all tags in the stack and returns the current instance.
Add an entity reference to the current node.
Links the given node as the last element in the list. If the list is full the
Draws the divider.
Create a new spec with the given default alignment size and encoded description. The encoded description is
Decodes a list of objects from the given input stream. The input stream is assumed to be
Writes an integer to the given output.
Write a double field to the CSV file.
Calculates the next creature to be spawned based on the given quest level.
This method is called before the backup is started. It is called before the backup is started
Delete a trait from a given entity.
Adds a collection of tables to the schema.
Writes the given template to the given writer. The writer will be closed after this method returns
Clears the cache and starts a new thread to load the cache. If the cache is already
Returns the index of the specified item in the list.
Adds an attribute to the message.
Executes the DrainedIterator.
Run a full import on the solr server using the given data config and extra parameters.
Returns a user id in the given range.
Starts the consumer if it s not already started. If it s already started nothing is done
Generates binary operation flags.
Returns true if the label of the current cell is movable. If the current cell is
Writes a list of types to the stream.
Load configuration properties from a resource.
Safely close the input stream throwing an exception if it fails to close the input stream.
i create a new transaction.
Skip the next character in the input stream that is not in the skip string.
Convert a package name to a path in the file system.
Returns true if the hash map contains the given key false otherwise.
Returns true if the given fragment is valid. If the fragment is null returns false.
Rehashes the hash table. The size of the table is determined by the size of the
Load POIs from assets and save them to the database.
Create a new element with the given name and color.
Has been done.
Called when the operator of a variable has changed.
Adds a new header field to the message.
Checks if a request is a duplicate of another request. If the request is a duplicate the
determines if a view is hidden or not.
Deletes a file or directory and all its sub - directories.
Returns true if the given component is a menu bar border tool bar.
Construct a node with the given name prefix and node namespace. If the node name is null
Creates a priority queue for the given words. The queue is sorted according to the frequency of
Reads each object from an input stream and passes it to the given closure. Closes the
Exit with the given status if the current mode is system. Otherwise return the given status.
Returns the distance between two points in meters.
Process the NTLM challenge.
Calculates a given power p and q and returns the result. The result is the result of
Adds a new costs to an existing product. The new costs are stored in the database.
Adds an event to the undo list.
Establishes a mirror if needed and refreshes the cache if needed.
Append a character sequence to this spanny. The sequence is appended to the end of
Validates a password against a given hash. The password must have a valid algorithm and key spec
Returns a list of the current snapshots for the given repository sorted by creation time.
Adds an X509 certificate holder to the list of certificates to be signed by the server.
Test case 8.
This method cleans up the static state of a method. This is used to clean up
Paints the background of a tab.
Builds an automaton from a hash table.
Finds the bounds of the data in the given dataset. If the dataset is null or empty
Shuts down the admin server and shuts down the server thread.
Returns the number of threads.
Assign a role to the user. The user must be an administrator in the context of the
Create a new thread pool with the given size and maximum size. The default pool size is
Writes the initial styles to the underlying output stream.
Encode a collection of parameters into a form - encoded string. The encoding is performed using the
Test single resource locking serialized low concurrency.
Run the next command in the queue.
Stops listening for new connections and waits for the selector to wake up.
Load a DOM document from an XML file.
Checks that str is rounded down to the nearest integer in the range [ a b ).
Removes the annotation at the given index.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified old character with the specified new character.
Change the last modified time of the given file. If the file does not exist it will
Wrap a callback so that it can be called with a mock.
determines if the cell should be selected based on the event object.
This test case is used to test the sign of a number and add a number to a
Add a class annotation.
Try to format the given string with the given format string. If the format string does not
Parses a string into an upper case integer. If the string is not a number it will
This method will be called when the thread is interrupted. It will remove the entry from the
Create a zip file with the specified number of entries and the specified number of bytes.
Returns true if the new playlist name is a valid playlist name. If the new playlist name
Imports an XML file and returns the resulting string. If the file does not exist it will
Add or remove a row from the log.
build default digest method type.
Creates a partition of the given set of sampled vertices.
Creates a new transaction manager with the given graph factory. The factory is used to create the
Shifts the beans in the flow by the given point. If save is set to true
This method is called in the background. It will load the positions from the database and return
Make all of the make objects in the stack.
Notifies the listeners that a character range has been deleted.
Loads the application environment from the classpath. If the system property is uberjar then the
Creates a new producer that sends a message to a given topic.
Create a new tab in the foreground.
Checks if the given functions are allowed.
Load all org access for the current user into the given list. The list is sorted by
Close the cache. If the cache is still open the cache will be closed. If the
Create a mapping from uri to lun unassigned for each of the volumes in the given mask
Close the connection. This method closes the underlying socket and closes the underlying channel.
Returns the x y and z components of the two vectors.
Wait for the process output stream to be closed. The process will be closed after this method
Adds the given args to the command line. If the number of args is greater than the
Returns the node with the given key h and key k or null if no such node exists
Draw the axis.
Read the contents of the file at the given path and return a list of URLs.
Creates a random colour.
Parse the given string as a diagnostic category and determine if it is fixable or not.
Check if the given method is a property read method and if so add it to the given
Create a pitch contour from a sptk file. The sptk file must be
Aborts the task and cancels any pending tasks. This method is called when the task
Adds a csp listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a new csp event is
Print a text message to a print stream with a max line width.
Remove a range of elements from the list.
Assert that the given result set has the expected nullable columns.
Computes the bounding boxes of the contours.
Add a timeline to the timeline list.
Load the Lob from the file system or the local database.
Paints this component using the specified graphics context.
Creates a copy of an array list with an extra capacity. If the array is null a
Send an event to all registered listeners.
Update a single or multiple keys with a given operation.
Loads the extensions from the given extension map into the internal data structures. The data structures are
Add a DELETE address field to the query.
Limit the number of records to return.
Checks if a file with the given name exists and is a file.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position in the document.
Add the payment methods to the list of dependencies for the Earth2Me library.
Convert a file name to the specified number of bytes. If the file name cannot be converted
Copy the contents of the given URL to the given file.
Update the drag deltas based on the current border state and the current touch target size.
Create a new authentication configuration with the given name. The name is the name of the authentication
Trims the specified number of characters from the beginning and end of the specified string.
Returns the tip text of the classifier as a string.
Create a writable raster.
Sends the buffered data to the client.
Fires an event. If the event is an asynchronous event the event will be fired asynchronously
Finds the best file to open in the given list of files. If no file is found
Returns true if the two strings are equal. If the case matters is true then the
Executes a list of commands and returns the result as a command object.
Populates the blob with the given id content and required size.
Remove an observed file from the map.
Make this result immutable. The result will be re - added to the results list.
Adds a NULL statement to the current statement.
Removes all entries from the hash map.
Update the favorite station in the database.
Adds all elements in the specified collection to the end of this set and returns the number of
Save the analysis to the specified file. The file will be opened with a buffered output stream
Returns an iterator over all of the capabilities in this context.
Parse an integer from the given string.
Sets the header from the given buffer. The buffer must contain the header name and value.
Converts a java. util. date object to a date string using the specified format. If
Execute a request with a back off. This method is intended to be used in the case
check server response code
Adds a resource source to the list of available sources.
Commit any changes that have been made to the props and input panel. This method is called
connects to the target item. If the target item is not in the target set it
Handle generic motion event.
Adds the given class to the list of classes for this element.
Edit the specified element in the specified column. If the column does not exist it will be
Adds a floating point to the curve.
Serialize a document to a string.
Calculate the area of a line segment.
This method is used to ensure that the value of the literal is serializable. This is done
Converts a list of empty strings to a list of empty strings. If the list is empty
Returns the minimum element in the given collection.
Creates a new server and adds it to the cluster. If dynamic is true the server will
Test that the queue contains a string of the given size. The queue will be populated with
Find a club.
Generates a PDF from a line of text. The line is assumed to be in the format
Make an array of strings from a collection of inet addresses.
Display a pilot in the air map. If the pilot id is empty the current
Smoothly moves the timer by the given number of milliseconds.
Update the price lists for the given product bean with the given name.
Check the dependencies of the given module.
clear bit positive inside 1
Deserializes a list of funnels into a list of funnels.
Appends the parameter to the given descriptor. If the parameter is not present in the descriptor it
Adds a catch clause to the list of catch clauses. The clause will be set to this
Stream the given bytes to a browser response.
Unlocks the lock for the given key. If the lock does not exist nothing is done
Fetch the specified number of orders from the specified index. If the specified number of orders is
Ensure that the schema agreement is met. This method will block until the schema agreement is met
Clear the stack. This is a no - op if the stack is empty.
Sets the store to be used for the tiles.
Returns true if this stored block has more work than the other stored block.
Consume the next token. If the current token is not the given character the current token is
Returns true if the given url is a jar or vfszip or wsjar.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object.
Sets the timestamp for the current statement. If the current timestamp is different from the current timestamp
Defines an accessor for the given class name using the given class loader constructor types and constructor arguments
Stops the timer and increases the duration by the duration of the timer s start time.
Add a row to the sort buffer. If the sort buffer is full the row will be
Decodes a string into a byte array.
Unwinds the stack frame from the given address. If the current address is in the
Walks the given file path and returns the canonical path of the file or directory. The
Returns true if the mime type is an image.
Set the center of the stage to the center of the given group.
Get the size of the bitmap.
Returns the absolute value of this matrix.
Remove an attribute from the directory. If the attribute does not exist an exception is thrown.
Create a snapshot of the current state of the camera.
Parse an exception option.
Rotate the image in degrees.
Update the finantare of a column in the model. The finantare is the
Display the calendar.
Create a new line string from the given coordinates.
Returns a copy of the given array with the given size removed. If the input array is
Close the connection. This method will block until the connection is closed. If the connection is
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given event. If the event is not allowed
Subtracts the specified number of flakes from the list of flakes.
Process a block of bytes from the input buffer and write the result to the output buffer.
Check if a resource is required by the given policy realm and action name.
Main entry point for the command - line tool.
Returns a string representation of the value v in the format s + v + u.
Create a authority key identifier structure from an X. 509 certificate.
Open a jar file.
Remove all emails from the list.
test unwrap 02.
Set the SSO token to use for authentication. This token will be used to authenticate with the
Returns true if the character is a letter.
Visits the given visitor for each argument in the expression.
Creates a link with the given uri and label.
Checks if the given token is an expression. If the token is not an expression returns false
Destroys this node. This method is called when the node is no longer needed.
Create a new hierarchical uri from a file.
Process a request to play the current media. If the current state is stopped or paused then
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the object in the list or - 1 if the
Finishes writing to the output stream and resets the bias to the number of bytes written.
Returns a vector of all the elements in the given state that are in the given state.
Removes an object from the map. If the object is a collection it will be removed.
Sets the data cache and the algorithm used to hash the data.
Marshall an enum value into a JSON string.
Initialize the events for the game. This is called when the game is being played.
Checks if the given file type is supported by the given sequence.
Returns the windowed naf of the given width using the given big integer k. The
Map collection name.
Fill a vector with random numbers between min and max. The number of elements in the vector
Returns the hash code of this array.
Called when a thread is about to stop the animation. This method is called when the thread
Returns true if the given package name is equal to this package name.
Draws the range markers for the specified layer and dataset.
Decrypts data using the given password and secret key.
Sets the projection change policy and mouse mode for this layer.
Returns true if the connection should be closed or false if the connection should be closed based on
Returns the current color as a hue saturation and lighting.
Returns a future that will be completed once the timeout has elapsed or the timeout has expired.
Returns true if there are no entries left in the queue and false if there are no waiting
Change directory on the remote host.
Remove quotes from the column name.
Check if the scroll timeout has passed since the last time it was last scrolled up.
Refills the buffer from the underlying reader. If the buffer is full reads from the
Perform a search and return the results as a list of documents.
Writes the end of the list to the underlying output stream.
Returns a list of child elements that are contained in the given element. If names is null
Generates a seed of the specified number of bytes. The seed must be at least num bytes
Returns the string representation of the arcs tip.
Get a list of all jobs in a Cube.
Returns the binary representation of this polynomial divided by the given number of quaternions.
Open fallback input stream.
Adds a listener to the caret.
Get the singleton instance of the sensor manager.
Test if the result set is a currency. If the result set is not a currency this
Encodes a byte array into a Base64 string.
Test if the date is the same as the one in IIIII format.
Parse the id from the same document uri.
Marks a range of bytes as used in a range of a given position and length.
Computes the Cholesky decomposition of the given matrix.
read n bytes from the given memory address and return as a string with the length of the
Shifts count bits from the right of the source array to the left of the result array
Add a new value to the aggregation set.
Remove a member from the legion. If kick is true the member will be kicked
Prints the contents of the buffer to the output stream. The buffer will be reset to the
Returns true if there is at least one baf body in the method chain.
Returns a copy of the string with all of the characters in the specified string removed.
Removes the least used connection from the pool. If there are no more connections in the pool
Search for the given element in the binary search table.
Clean up the schedule.
Checks if two objects are equal by comparing their labels.
Converts a list of patches to a text string.
Write the string to the output stream if the context is less than or equal to the given
Validate sort size.
Finalize the painting and draw the image. This method is called when the image is
Delete the current panel.
Returns the average of the results of the given function in the context of the current thread.
Returns the next token in the stream that matches the given pattern. If there are no more
Creates a new instance of the HTML parser with the given settings. The settings can be null
Returns a string representation of this CAB.
Load a macro from a file. The file is expected to be a UTF - 8 encoded
delete a distributed index from an ES input node and its input port in a distributed index.
Adds the given part to the list of parts if it is not already present.
Terminate the fsync service and wait for it to terminate. If the fsync service is
Find the farthest location in the given direction.
Computes the minimum sample size for the given image size. The sample size is assumed to be
Create the main pane.
Clean up the chain. This method is used to clean up the chain after a failure.
Check if the transaction manager is available. If not create a new one and return true.
Creates a new instance of the given fs class with the given path. The path is assumed
Adds an element to the given parent node with the given tag name attribute and value pairs.
Read a string from an input stream and return it as a string of the given length.
Split the name of the remote branch into the remote name and the name of the remote branch
Encrypts the input stream with the given password using the given salt and iteration count.
Pads the given string to the right with the given character until the given length is reached
Reloads the swipe state in the given view.
Resets the state of this block to its initial state. This method is called when the block
Invert this matrix by flipping the order of the elements in this matrix.
Shuts down the data source. This method is called when the data source is closed.
Convert an IP address to a string.
Creates a new container with the given parent and function. The function must not be null.
Converts a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Writes a string to the buffer.
Create a collection of all permissions.
Merges two networks into a single tzone. The tzone is updated with the new networks
Print a line break at the end of the line.
Read a chunk of data from the given input stream.
Returns the sum of all the associations for the tag and the genre.
Create a KD tree from a list of placenames. If major only is true
Patch a qualified name by adding the local name if necessary.
Creates a string from a list of tag values.
Creates a new XML element with the same attributes as this one.
Reset this consumer to its initial state.
Rotates this vector by the given angle in radian.
This method is called when a connection to the server is lost. It will try to connect
Returns the value of the header with the given name or null if there is no such header
Parse sparse fields from a multivalued map of query parameters.
Signs the given XML document with the given WSSP assertion id algorithm and list of
Called when the state of the dialog changes. This method is called when the state of the
Adds the given URL to the list of URLs. If the URL is already in the list
Adds a status to the interval.
Resets the internal state of this instance to its initial state.
Reloads the document with the current stream description. This is called when a new stream is
Returns true if the given field is a static field.
Returns the number of outstanding requests.
Returns a string representation of the given key starting at the given offset and ending at the given
Initialize the logger with the given component name.
Fills the left side of the list with a new column at the given position and the given
Remove a value from the list of default values.
Test put cause eviction.
Merges two signatures and returns a new signature. If the two signatures do not overlap null is
Returns the hash code of this object.
This method is called when an exception occurs during the deployment. This method is called by the
Adds an object to the list of visited objects. If an object is already visited it is
Adds an option to the options list. If the option already exists it will be replaced.
Pause waiting for the client to join.
When a property is changed this method will be called. If the background property is the same
Add a frame to the transition.
Scan for classes that are assignable to the given interface.
Returns the next CDATA element in the JSON stream. If the end of the stream is reached
Returns true if the given position needs to be updated based on the current opacity of the sky
Expands the given rectangle by the given amount.
Convert a string to a datagram.
Returns a string representation of the image.
Returns true if the configuration has been initialized false otherwise.
Removes a shutdown hook from the list of shutdown hooks. If the list is already shutting down
Computes the number of transitions between the two given points.
Returns the current value as a string.
Check if camera size is available.
Append a string to the string builder.
Encodes the given plaintext into a MIME - encoded string. The encoded string will be padded with
Returns the lookup list. If the lookup list has not been created yet it will be created
Returns the sum of all the values in the histogram.
Checks if a single character is a word boundary.
Executes the given operation in a blocking manner. If the operation throws an exception it will be
Writes the contents of the char array to the output stream.
Create a table viewer.
Get the type of the record as a string.
Adds a line to the current path.
This method prints the attribute summary and runs the basic test with the given parameters. This method
Disable all the buttons that are enabled.
Load an artifact from a file.
Acquires a number of resources from the pool. If the pool is full the current thread
Returns true if the string builder ends with a valid header. If the string builder ends with
Returns a list of all available options.
Sets the transit section action and delay.
Create a new dialog with the given parameters. The dialog is created with the given parent.
Adds a point to the end of the ring. If the ring is already in the ring
Returns true if clazz is cglib proxy class false otherwise.
Verify the discovery response. If the response is version 2 or version 1 the discovery information is
Generates a new report with the given report description and target date. The target date will be
Update the text views based on the current state of the recharge object.
Returns the map for the given transaction. If the given transaction is near or local then the
Stop the listener thread and close the server socket. This method is not thread - safe.
Decrypts the given data using the given private key. If the key is invalid null is
Derives an argumentb color from two colors using the specified mid point.
Adds a landing pad.
Creates a new attack strategy from the given parameters.
Create an ordered thread pool with the default values. The default values are the thread pool factory
Writes a chunk of data to the cache.
Returns the event with the given id or null if there is no such event.
Initializes the values of the custom checkers based on the current values stored in the preference store.
Load properties from system properties file.
Prints a list of strings in the given print stream. The output is a list of strings
Convert a date string to a date object using the given date format. The date will be
Computes the MD5 hash of the given file or directory.
Initializes this object with the given size certainty and secure random number generator.
Returns true if there are more records in the result or false if there are no more records
Trim the list to the size of the list. If the list is larger than the current
Open a JSON value with an open bracket.
Returns the ascii board of the given position. If the position is white the board will be
Clear all caches and sections.
Converts an iterator into a set of nodes.
Run a callable multiple times in a single thread.
Creates a list of container VM objects.
Increment port use count.
Pops the top element of the attribute set stack and removes it from the stack.
Put an object into the cache. If the size of the cache is greater than the maximum
Remove a model change listener from the list of listeners. If the list is empty nothing happens
Fires a change event to all registered listeners.
Create the connection name.
Discovers a host.
Read len bytes from the input stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset.
Draws the number of lines in the connection order to the given canvas.
Adds a new node to the queue if it is not already in the queue. If it
Convert a java file object to a file object.
Create a writable raster of the given size.
Build a random power law bipartite graph.
Executes the given command in the current working directory and returns the output of the command.
Update the progress of the current thread. If the value is greater than the last reported progress
Create a context handler.
Returns true if this range starts with the given prefix.
Returns a list of JSP initializers.
Creates a temporary directory in the current working directory.
Returns a string representation of the given array of integers.
Checks if the given category id is a child of the given parent category id and the given
Adds an instance to the input queue and returns true if the queue is full false otherwise.
Get a list of columns from a table.
Adds a new resource to the list of resources created at the given location.
Signal event. This method will release all the semaphores and remove the event from the
Compares two keyed objects and returns true if they are the same or if they are the same
Checks if the quorum is maintained. This is the number of nodes that are currently active
Schedule the next alarm for the reminder query batch size. The reminder query batch size
Request a stop of the service. This method will block until the service is stopped.
test engine create ssl 02
Join multiple arrays into a single array using the specified function. The number of elements in the
Splits the URL path into a set of query strings and a set of path strings.
Returns the best selling report based on the given mapping form and request and response.
Begin a new transaction. This method will be called at the beginning of a new transaction.
Add a job to the queue. If the job can be immediately scheduled it will be immediately
Resets the parsing state to the beginning of a new string. This method is called when the
Adds a constant to the constant pool.
Adds the data to the chart set.
Returns the gain of the particle.
Cancels the given property constant. If the constant is not in the list of property constant
Deserializes a byte array into an object. If the byte array does not contain an object
remainder knuth multi digits by one digit
Show the properties of the selected neurons in the system.
Encrypt a byte array using this cipher. The input is assumed to be at least length bytes
Returns true if the current page has changes to the children of the given class.
This is the main entry point for the window stuff. It is the main entry point for
Removes all special characters from a string.
This is the main entry point for the script. It is called from the UI thread.
Create a new web image with the given url. The url must be a valid web image
Consolidate the given tuples into a hash map where the keys are installment and the
Checks if the given string is a valid email address.
Adds a line merge and a directed edge to the graph.
Parse an application. xml file from a file - like object or file - like object.
Creates a new connection.
Returns a report of the number of collisions and the number of entries in the hash table.
Add a subscription to the store.
zip a file to a zipped location. If the file does not exist it will be
generates a hash map for the expanded state of the list.
Adds an audio packet listener to the broadcaster.
Write a CRL field to the output stream.
Sets the path to the Java file to be compiled.
Adds a callback to the source object. The callback will be executed asynchronously if async is true
Removes all blocks from the section.
Writes the given string to the given file.
Checks if the node is a variable access.
Called when a new value is selected. This method is called when a new value is selected
Returns a list of segments that are near the specified point in the polygon.
Adds an action to the update manager.
Load the configuration from a RAF file.
Returns the URL of the class with the given classname. The class name will be replaced with
Signoff the given unique id and remove it from the cache and the attribute lists.
Create a non - cg volume.
Calculates the downsampled timestamp using the given window size. The downsampled timestamp is
Returns a string representation of the line.
Process an error event.
Add a template sub pattern to the head of the table.
Get the union path from the current node to the given node position in the tree.
Reads data from the specified table and key into the specified result map. The result map will
Throw an exception with the given error message.
Returns true if there are no more items to return false if there are no more items to
Adds an X500 issuer to the list of principals. The name of the issuer will be
Build the key for the given selection count.
Remove all nodes from the map that are not in the exclusively specified node.
Store a device in the device store.
Test create element n.
Adjusts the absolute values in the given array to the range [ lower upper ).
Removes the processor at the given index.
Creates a suffix chain. The suffix chain is a list of nodes where the first node is
Create a by object from a locator string. The string can start with one of the following
Notifying listeners that a progress task has started.
Throw an exception if the record is destroyed.
Upload a file from an input stream to an artifact with the given name and version.
Escapes the bytes in the input string to make it safe to use as a value in a
Converts an array of objects into an array of class objects. If the array is null or
Add the security token to the given header element.
Skip spaces from the start of a string. Returns the number of spaces found or - 1
Update the drag and look at based on the elapsed time. If the delta is greater than
Sample an assignment from the list of assignments. If the list is empty a new assignment is
Read an X. 509 certificate from the given input stream.
Creates a new HTTP connection. The HTTP connection will be established at fixed rate in seconds.
default b with key and value of class. If value is null default b is created with
Rename columns and schemas in the given table.
Handle an error in the read ahead phase. This method is called when an error occurs during
Puts the given value into the hash table. If the hash table is full rehash if
Apply the layout to this neuron.
Returns the value of the field as an integer.
Returns the size of the layer at a given point in the image. The layer size is
Finds a static method with the given name and arguments. Throws an exception if no such method
Fetch search service cards from the server.
Adds a phone number to the list if it is not already present.
Returns a string containing only digits and plus only characters that match the given matcher.
Compares two methods to see if they are the same. If they are null they are considered
Find the marker segment with the given tag.
Open the input stream. If an exception occurs exit the program with the error code and return
Concatenates an additional source to the beginning of the array and returns a new array containing the
Publish the given items to the given subscriber.
Returns true if the specified feature is set in the mapping.
Checks if the URI is valid.
Set the key usage of an extension.
Generate a list of periods for the given date time unit. The periods are generated in the
Create an AES secret key.
Logs a change in the configuration.
Parses a string into a json object and throws an exception if the string is not a valid
Load the versions. xml file and return a spy of the version information.
Finds all users.
Adds a footer view to the list of views to be shown on the bottom of the screen
Adds the given string as the first occurrence of the given sequence to the end of the queue
Returns true if the statement is read - only or false if it is read - only.
Consumes num elements and returns the sum of all the elements in the stream. This test
Sets the parent of this node and all its arguments to the given node.
Returns true if the service is registered.
Adds a constant to the downscale quality list. If the type already exists an exception is
Bail out with the given message and optionally print the usage information.
Assert that two timestamps are equal with a precision of epsilon.
Sets the spider parameters for the request.
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying output stream. The output buffer will not be flushed
Adds an entity to the list of hops. If the list is empty nothing is done
Returns true if the event queue is empty or false if the event queue is not empty.
Test primitive instantiation.
Reads entries from the segment.
Returns the number of hosts in the initiators map.
Adds all certificates from the given store to the list of certificates in the given store.
Process the Lob.
Create a start prefix mapping for the given element. This method is called when a start prefix
Prints the stack trace of this exception to the given writer.
Convert a list of flavours to an array of flavours.
test choice empty icon error handling
Translate the given attribute string into a readable string.
Returns the next unique message id.
Fills the field values with the values from the sensor. This method is called when the user
Checks if the given list of security infos is valid for the given client identity. If the
Retains all elements from this list to the end of the other list.
Converts a list of byte arrays to a list of strings.
Adds an index to the schema.
Set the SSL key store password.
A Zookeeper ensemble state machine. A ensemble state machine is a Zookeeper state machine that
Creates a shortcut for the given character. If the system is on Mac the mnemonic is
Delete the minimum node from the tree x. If x. left == null return x.
Resets the errors and warnings counters to their initial values.
Write a Ceylon file to a Ceylon output stream.
Creates a map from target class to a list of compounds.
Update the location of the line.
Compares this value to the given object.
Binds the given property to the given value. The value must be greater than or equal to
Removes a column from the table. If the column does not exist the method throws an exception
Write a log entry to the log file. The log entry will be written to the log
Closes the connection to the database. If the connection is not open a fatal error is logged
Sets the bayes search runner and the bayes data set for the editor.
Add a listener to the forward and back projection buttons. The listener will be notified when the
Returns true if the character at the given index is a literal.
Generates a granularity from the given string. If the string is invalid an exception is thrown.
Returns an iterator over the words in this locale. The iterator will return the first word in
Close the index and release any resources associated with it. This method is called when the index
Push a file to a remote server.
Process a single segment and return the result as a string. If the segment is not a
Resizes the buffer to the given size. If the buffer is larger than the requested size
Split a character into two bytes. The first byte is the high and the second is the
Prints a short field to the output stream.
Add all files in the given directory and its sub - directories. If prefix is null the
Removes a bandwidth field from the list of available bandwidth fields.
Succeeds with the given number of times.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Collapses newlines in a string into a single string.
Generates the javadoc string for the given index. If the index is greater than the number of
Extract the properties from the given source.
Removes the last row from the result set.
Ensure that the given component is visible. If the component is not present it will be created
Marks the end of a representation. This method should be called at the end of a representation
Generates a pie section label using the given format.
Splits a line into n tokens and returns them as a char array. The first n tokens
Initialize the timer with the given target method name and number of seconds. The timer will be
Read the next tuple from the input stream.
Computes the string representation of left + right. If left and right are null return null.
Remove a property change listener.
Load the metadata from the XML node.
Computes the hash for the given signature. The signature is assumed to have the same number of
Adds the trigger group name to the list of trigger groups.
Reads a string from the input stream.
Delete the last num files from the temp files list.
Read and decompress a thumbnail image from the given file. If the file is larger than num
Submits a runnable to the executor service.
Shrinks the given area to fit within this rectangle. If the result is null a new
Assert that the given query is made against the given solr query and that the result is a
Build the absolute stats for the given metric name value and time.
Serializes the classifier to the given filename.
Returns the fields for the given thrift field id or null if the field is not found.
Returns true if the field is a partition field.
The arrange function. The arrange function is the same as the arrange function in
Execute the method with the given arguments and return the result. If the method is a SET
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified search within the specified range of the string
Increments the counter for the given key by the given amount. If the key does not
Sends a OSC packet to a TCP client.
key typed event handler.
Fill in the gaps in the mapped classes.
Reads an object from the given input stream.
Create a multi sig input script from a list of bytes.
Deletes all the rows with the given indices from the table. The row indices must be in
Adds an event listener to the list. The listener must be an instance of t.
Compute the garbage collection of the 2 - dimensional linear system.
Returns true if the given date is between the given start date and the given end date.
Add a timeout listener to the timeout queue. If the timeout is greater than the current timeout
Convert a list of strings to an array of strings.
Transform a tool tip text into a tool tip with the specified line length and escaping.
Writes the contents of a byte array to the output stream. This method will block until the
Set the connection for the HTTP request. This method is called when the client is connected.
This method is called for each character in the given string. This method is called by the
Append a tag with the given name and value to the end of the XML string.
The extra info for this certificate token validation. This is the extra info for the certificate token
Adds a collection of contents to the top - level element list.
Create a new SQL instance and call the closure with it. If the closure throws an exception
Writes the contents of the buffer to the output stream. This method is not supported by this
Adds a policy entry to the index.
Solve the graph with the given set of nodes. The graph is solved using the
Deletes the specified number of elements starting from the specified position in the specified range of the range
Create bean type metadata.
Reverses the current test period. The current test period is marked as active and the
Returns true if the caller has subject creds false otherwise. If the caller is an HTTP request
Adds a field with the given name and value. If the field name and value are not
Deletes a storage object from the storage manager. If the storage is already closed this method will
Sends a request to the client and returns a response to the client. If the request is
Checks if the given example is a subset of the checked attributes. If any of the attributes
Load binary data from the given input stream.
Delete one or more LUNs from a LUN group.
Removes the specified locators from the list of discovered locators. If the list is empty
Returns true if the given item is selected in the selection set false otherwise.
Adds an operation to the progress bar.
Creates a new key store builder with the specified provider.
Decrement the worker count and return true if the worker count is equal to or greater than
Returns a url that will send the given requests to the server using the default HTTP connection.
Add a TCP connection to the specified host and port. The connection will be established using the
bug22613 create a table and check that the schema version meets the minimum number
Returns the stime of the entry as a long.
Creates a new program with the given rewrite rules. The rewrite rules must be in the order
Creates the settings menu.
Writes a string to the output stream. If the string is null the length of the string
Returns true if the given string is a valid java name false otherwise.
Create the list of commands to be executed.
Parse the list of packages and measure the number of directories and files.
Consume the process s error stream and append it to the given appendable. The process s error
Deletes the first occurrence of the specified string.
Returns an array of classes for the given list of parameters.
Trim to the size of all entries in the GazList.
Returns true if the user input is a valid prompt for the account to be selected.
Sorts the instances in ascending order using a quick sort algorithm.
Flips the image horizontally.
Returns the current audit state.
Checks if the given request is a terms request.
Reads the segments from the file and adds them to the segments list.
Project a time value within 24 hours to a time value in the range of 1 to 24
Update min and max for no dictionary.
Deserializes a struct. This method is used to create a new struct object from the given
The main entry point for the command line tool.
Concatenates two byte arrays into a single byte array.
Sets the input file to be read from. The input file will be read from the beginning
Creates a configuration object for dismax queries.
Writes the given value to the database. If the database has searchable properties the value will be
Computes the y - component of the logarithm of the given value. The logarithm of
Adds a focus cleared listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a focus is cleared
Adds an item listener to the list of listeners to be notified when an item is added.
Returns a list of all available options.
Create a new mosaic with the given id and a random fee.
Returns the rank of the given value in the sorted set.
Returns a predicate that evaluates to true iff and only if the given predicate evaluates to false.
Add margin top to a child view.
Convert a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Send data to the i2c device. The data is copied from the given buffer starting
Fetch the schema from the server and register it with dynamic and constant sets.
Appends the given data to the given buffer using the given prefix separator and suffix.
Converts the input array to a real array. The output array will have the same dimensions as
Read a list of partitions from the file system at the given path and return them as a
Returns true if seqno is greater than or equal to the max seqno in the log.
Draws a line in the image.
Process an item in the sub - phrase and return the rail number.
Pushes an element onto the end of the list and returns it.
Returns the number of elements in the range [ index index + 1 ).
Create a response.
Convert an object to a long. If the object is already a long it will be returned
Finishes the grid row.
Test that the state of the key spec is preserved 1. This is done by comparing the
Shuts down the device and disconnects it from the Android Debug Bridge and terminates it.
Called when a PING message is received.
Returns the number of the given literal or - 1 if the literal does not exist.
Reset the viewable area to its initial state.
Test that the transfer rate is greater than the expected number of operations and bps.
Adds a trust manager to the list of trust managers. If the manager is already an x
Returns an iterator over the children of this node. If children is null returns an empty iterator
Creates a new folder if it doesn t already exist.
Returns the i - component of the logarithm of the point at index j and k.
Run the comparison test.
get the scale of the table and insert it into the table with the given number of rows
Convert a value to a string. If the value is a string it will be quoted.
Checks if the given type is retained at runtime.
Test process message 5.
Adds a class path to the list of merge paths. If the class path ends with str
Load the directories property file. If the property file does not exist it will be created.
Creates a new individuum object with the specified number of dimensions.
Finds all classes that match the given URI.
Returns true if the given string is a slavo germanic.
Randomly shuffle an inventory.
Format the given value with the given number of digits. If the number is a multiple of
Returns a copy of the string with all lower case characters replaced by the given string.
Run asserts on a list of steps. The list must have the same size as the list
Register a new transform.
Exit a coroutine.
Shrinks the buffer by copying the contents of the current buffer to a new array.
Sets the conditions that should be met for the current query.
Drops the data down to the given absolute position.
Sets the host name port number and transport for this hop. This method is called by the
Updates the controls based on the current state of the game.
Writes a character to the given output stream.
set the message in the message box according to the loco net message m.
This method is called when the batcher is started. It is responsible for submitting the
Allow multiple additions for a given system.
Checks if a class is present in a set of class names.
Write an integer field to the JSON file.
Returns the logarithm of the factorial of x.
Wait for the operation to complete. If the operation is interrupted the thread will be interrupted.
Adds the specified delta to the specified object and returns the new value. If the object is
Close the given closeable without throwing any exceptions. If the closeable is null nothing is
Append a byte array to the file.
Notifies all listeners that the sensor data and object storages have changed.
Convert an int host address to an inet address.
Open a new FTP connection.
Unpacks a string into a char array.
Adds a new key - value pair. If the key already exists it will be replaced.
Returns the number of characters common to both text1 and text2.
Close the input stream. This method is called when the input stream is closed.
Start the monitor thread. If the monitor thread is not currently running log an error message.
read the next video frame and write it to the output buffer.
Scales the icon by the given factor. If the icon has already been scaled it will
Reads the object from the given input stream.
Converts the string to lower camel case and returns the result as a string.
Removes and returns the element at the current position in the queue or null if the queue is
Add a movie to the movie map. If with title is true the title will be added
Create the RMI registry for the given port. If the RMI registry has already been
Poll for a token from the file loader and process it.
Resets the internal state of the state machine. This is called when the state machine has been
If there is no more than num characters in the string add the string to the builder.
handle tbl request handler list href dup action request.
Returns true if the token has expired.
Call the given visitor to visit this frame. This method is called by the visitor to visit
Returns a native string array containing all the special properties.
Handles the done query.
Returns a list of the former identities of this node.
Computes the logarithm of the parameter.
Update the progress of the chart.
Returns a copy of this date with the given day in the Japanese calendar epoch.
Checks that the grid is empty.
Returns the node with the given hash and key equal to or greater than or equal to the
Adds a language to the list of available languages.
Search for the key in the array and return the index in the array or - 1 if
Add a new user to the database.
Mix two 64 - bit blocks together into a 128 - bit block.
Register a new host in the list of hosts.
This method is called when a new event is received. This method is called when a new
Create a jar file from the given map. The output stream is closed after this method returns
Append a cell with the given value to the table.
Expect that the server proxy failed to connect. This method is called when the server proxy fails
Removes the parameter with the given key from the parameters map.
Recalculates the statistics for the given attribute.
Returns true if this node or any of its children is empty.
Inserts a new column at the given index.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given string in the set of data characters.
Returns the size of the rhs of the given production.
Load a bsh method from an input stream. The input stream will be read from the
Invokes a compiled command with the given arguments and interpreter and callstack.
Computes the multinomial logistic probabilities for the given responses.
Add a client to the external data store.
Deletes the given file or directory. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Add export remove volume steps.
Computes the log - likelihood of the given document using Gibbs sampling.
Remove the given token from the debug table.
Adjusts the min pref for spanning components.
Parse the file and call the listener with the parsed events. The listener will be notified when
Write a byte to the end of an escape sequence. If the new byte is less than
Returns the network parameters for the given id.
Adds all certificates and CRLs from the given store to the list of certificates and CRLs
Store the data in the given output stream. This method should be overridden by subclasses to provide
Find the angle between the origin and the target point.
Appends a white space to the appendable.
Clear the resource index for the given resource type.
Serialize this message into a byte array.
Generate rolling periods for the given date unit and number of weeks.
Returns a set of vertex names that match the pattern labels.
reset the unread counts for a given section.
Adds a lexicon category to the list of categories.
Invoke a method on an object with a variable number of arguments and return the result.
Try other messages. If no other messages are available return null. If no other messages are
Returns the color of the button which should be used to press the button on the screen.
Test the streams for the values of the movies. This is done by iterating through the
Cache the client user id for the given consumer bean and internal id. The consumer bean is
Returns the node with the given key h and key k or null if no such node exists
Returns true if the method is public.
Receives an image using the specified task. The task will be executed when the image is
This method is used to execute the query and return the result as a string. This method
Returns the s2 cell id corresponding to the given face index i and j.
Update the actions based on the current project.
Closes the underlying stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Truncates a phone number to a maximum length. If the number is too short returns false
Returns true if the given time is within the epsilon of the current time.
Returns an empty histogram or an empty histogram if there is no histogram.
Creates the weekday label.
appends a relative path to the end of the current path.
Returns the index of substring in value or - 1 if value is null and substring is null
Submit a null pointer to the executor service.
Reads a signed integer from the stream. This method is not thread - safe. It is
Add a pre - processor directive to the list of pre - processors to be applied to the
Formats the given date with the given format string and appends the result to the given buffer.
Clear the results of the profiler.
Add a has clause to the query.
Adds an attribute value to the given entity.
Copy the contents of the input stream to the output stream.
Prints the members of a class.
Initializes the basic variables and rows.
Called when a mouse is released. This method is called when a mouse button is released.
Free space for a file or directory in windows.
Attaches a header to the message. If the header is already attached it is ignored.
Phonemise the given text at the given position using the given G2P method
Stop the application with the given exit code.
Returns the state of the ODE. The state of the ODE is the sum of
Returns the hash code of the given object. If the object is null then the hash code
Puts all of the elements in the given map into this map.
Assert that a pivot field has the same value and count as the given field.
Returns the XML representation of this node.
Write an array of strings to an XML stream.
Walks the file tree starting from the given directory and calls the given visitor for each file
Highlights hashtags in text.
Process a block of data and write the result to the output buffer.
Returns the topic with the given command. If no command is given the current command is used
Checks for null elements in an array.
Download a file from the given URL using the given cookie and return the content as a stream
test set seed byte array02
Flips the image vertically. The image must have the same width and height as this
Factory method to create a filter from the given arguments.
Wraps the exception thrown by the callable in a finally block. If the callable throws an exception
Pads the given string to the left by the given number of characters.
Returns a hash code for this policy.
Set the input and output streams to the default character set. The default character set is the
Returns true if the cell at the specified location is editable.
Checks the streams for changes and updates the list if necessary. If the number of streams has
Adds a package to the priority list. If the package already exists it will be appended.
This method is called when an action is performed on the remote server. This method is called
Verifies a certificate against a collection of CRLs.
Expands the input stream to the next character in the input stream. The input stream is
Sets the capabilities of the audio stream.
Returns true if the graph is rotating the edge labels. If the graph is not rot
Creates a response code with the given extension.
Returns the cumulative test values of the curve. The cumulative test values are the inverse of the
Append a boolean value to the end of the string. If the boolean value is false the
Delete a list of server instances from the server configuration.
sorts a float array in ascending order using a binary search. The array is assumed to
Fatals a fatal error. This method is called when an error occurs during parsing.
Adds a terminal to the set if it does not already exist.
Create the node if it doesn t already exist.
Stop recording. This is a blocking call and should not be called from the main thread.
Writes a tag to the output stream.
Returns the hash code of this certificate.
Creates a new variable with the same name as this one and adds it to the list of
Iterate from self to to to and call the closure with the value of the first argument.
Adds a raw element to the select clause.
Removes a change listener from the list of listeners. This method is thread - safe.
Returns true if the time series is normal according to the given percentage error and bessel
Shows the progress of the task.
Parses a repository expression into a repository expression object.
Close the buffer and notify any waiting threads that the buffer is no longer needed.
Adds a new section to the list of sections.
Load genome relationships from a buffered reader.
Splits the version string into parts and returns them as an array of integers.
Computes the type of the data set.
Returns true if a and b are approximately equal with a given tolerance.
Load a model from a JSON file.
Splits a line of text into an array of strings. If the line does not start with
Create a list of volumes with the given name and number of volumes.
Converts a linked hash map to an object of the given type.
Find a field by its thrift id.
remove info is rem block and start block.
Returns true if there was an error on the connection and false if there was no error.
Splits the pdf into pages of the specified size. The pages are split by the specified size
Validate the set of authentication schemes.
Converts a UUI string to a UUID. If the UUI string does not start with
Read a single line from the input stream.
Decodes the given base64 string into a byte array.
Create a red gradient with the given width and height.
Match numbers in text.
Creates a new entry in the graph. The entry will be added to the graph as a
Asserts that the delivery states are the same as the expected delivery states for the given deliveries
Create a scope for the given files.
Write bitmap to file.
Parse the given text and return a Sentence object. If the given text is null then the
replace a child with a new child with the same parent as this template element. old child
Computes a hash code for the given key pairs.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream. The output stream will be flushed to
Add an entry to the given list of entry info objects.
Updates the sliding state based on the new normalized position.
Flush the filter to a vcf writer.
Set the stream of the video to be played. The stream can be a URL or
Returns true if this string is equal to the given string.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream.
Start the servers in a new thread and wait for the server to be started.
Evaluate the pagination for the given entity class.
Initialize the runtime collector with the given algorithm frequency and writer. The writer will be written to
Deregisters a service provider.
Sets the current date to the newest date in the given day. The current date will be
Updates the value of the item with the given x and y. If the item does not
Writes a float field to the CSV file.
Decodes the given data into a byte array with the given number of error correction bytes.
Create a scroll button at x y with width w and height h.
Remove all views from the adapter.
Checks if the given string is a valid mobile address.
Convert an error message to a human readable string.
Returns the hyperbolic sine of the argument.
Adds a notification to the notification panel.
Returns true if the attributes have been modified or false if the attributes have not been modified.
Returns a ignore descriptor for the given class and method.
Returns k random ids from the source. If k is greater than the number of ids then
Returns the number of messages to draw. If the current message is the same as the current
Grab the arguments from a method signature.
test engine create ssl 1. ssl 1. ssl 1. ssl 1. ssl 1.
Dispatches the given events to the appropriate delivery expressions. If no delivery expressions are specified the
Resets the state of the candidate list to its initial state.
Redefine this node with the given nodetype namespace and local name.
Puts a long value into the memory at the given position.
Delete a list of volumes from a given recover point system.
Move to the next frame in the queue. If there is no next frame in the queue
Read a 64 - bit value from the stream and return it as a long.
test get columns meta data
Finds the appropriate log implementation based on the user - specified log category. If no log class
Create a new via header from the given host port transport and branch. The host and port
Returns a string representation of this record.
Resolves the parameters of the given executable.
Returns true if the given character is a valid name start character.
Returns true if the given character is the start of the identifier.
Returns the hash code of this attribute.
Enumerates the given command and sets it as the current command.
Returns true if the given string ends with a floating point number.
This method is called when the component is resized. This method is called when the component is
Defines an argument with the given name description and number of expected arguments.
Removes the specified object from the array at the specified index. If the array does not contain
Removes a model from the list of models. This method is called when a model is removed
Read a map from the file and store it in the map. The map is stored in
Calculate the hoeffding probability given the number of trials observed and the probability of
Called when the user scrolls up or down. This method is called when the user scroll
Test that the local generator instances are deterministic. This test is done by comparing the local generator
Adds a new match to the list of applied regions. If the list is empty it is
Reset the index to the beginning of the tree. The index is reset to the beginning of
Asserts that the given consumer throws an exception with the given exception class and a given message.
Returns true if all nodes ways and relations are empty.
Assert if a boolean is true. If verbose logging is enabled this method will print a message
Converts a key - value map into a tag key - value map.
This method is called at the end of the class initialization. It is called after the class
Attempt to retry on an exception.
Sort the files in a file in batches using the specified comparator. The files are sorted in
Add a directory to the database.
Returns the node in the range [ k hi ). If hi is null returns the last
Add the id repo to the service config for the given org name.
Adds a key press to the pin.
Returns true if the given string is a hierachic string.
Paint the layer.
Receives a single character from the stream.
Creates a byte buffer from the given byte array and byte order.
Writes a single byte to the output stream.
Process local files.
Generate a screen on or off depending on the current volume.
Resets the counter to its initial state.
Reads a number of bytes from the stream and returns it as an int.
Returns an enumeration of the options of this option.
test add issuer ljavax security auth x500
Adds a transformation to the transformation map. If the transformation already exists it will be replaced.
Checks if the file has been modified since the given time stamp or at the given offset.
Returns the next string in the input stream.
Read lyrics3 tag.
Evaluate the distance between two vectors x and y. The result is the distance between x and
Checks if the database configuration is present.
Returns true if the input string is incomplete. If the input string is incomplete returns false.
Generate Java script log alert close window.
Parses the sentence and returns the best max rule in the given state. If the sentence is
Parse the element as a DOM. This method overrides the super class method to add support for
Computes the Euclidean distance between two points.
Prints the start of the condition.
Pads a string to the specified number of places with the specified character.
Register a new error code.
Adds all elements from the other exception set to this one and resets the size and supertype
Start the SCE video.
Sets the license files to be used by the resource loader. This method is called by the
Returns true if the given exception is intended to be thrown by the given class.
Sets the project types to be used by the project manager. The types will be added to
Add a notification listener to an mbean.
Checks the case of a signed 16 - bit number.
Consume messages from the consumer and send them to the bus. This is a long running method
Delete all of the attributes associated with the given service reg. If check dups is true
Test the DSA algorithm parameters.
Returns true if the given class node is a class literal.
Load the log file. If create is true the log file will be created if it does
Sets the HTML string to be rendered with the given arguments. The HTML string will be escaped
Updates the user with the given id with the given password. If the password is empty the
Returns the likelihood of a document.
Returns a string representation of this instance.
Returns true if the file is in safe mode false if it is in non - safe mode
test get byte array with offset and length.
Adds a new item to the end of the list.
Returns true if the first message is not the same as the first message in the list.
Creates a Docker image from the given image name. The image name must be a valid Docker
Add a notification channel to the list of channels to be listened to.
Deletes a directory. If the directory does not exist or is a symlink it will be cleaned
Delete all empty folders.
Returns the result of applying the given function to the current value and returns the result as a
Writes 3 bytes to the output stream and fails if they are not the same.
Parse the given string into a document.
Checks if the given volume is a journal of the given production copies.
test pound symbol in column name
Decodes the given escaped string into a URL - encoded string. The escaped string will be converted
Wait for the next event to arrive. If there are no outstanding events then this method
Computes the lengths of the lines and the lines in the given text.
Writes an image map to the specified print writer.
Adds a message to the note. If the message is null or empty the message will be
Returns the XML representation of this node.
Converts a collection of objects into a list of string values.
Returns the minimum element of the given iterable.
Read len bytes from the buffer. This method blocks until at least len bytes are available.
Adds a key and value to the map. If the map is full the size of the
Given a list of item stacks consolidate them into a single list of item stacks.
Returns how many days since the given time since the current system. current time.
Checks if the character data is an XML character or not. If it is an XML character
Test that the result is equal to the result of XORing a and b.
Consume the next element in the stream and return the flux of the next element in the stream
fill the array with the specified value. The array is filled with the specified value. The
Adds missing attributes to the given data.
Insert a batch of records into the database. The records will be partitioned into smaller partitions
Remove a listener from the list of listeners to be notified when a tab is selected.
Set the list of URLs to connect to. The list must have the same length as the
Add volumes to parking storage group.
Convert the given string to an input stream of the given encoding.
Returns true if the user has selected a PKCS8 export.
Generates a public key from a base64 encoded public key.
Creates a tick with the given number and label. The tick is rotated by the given angle
Returns true if the thread is running and the cache is not null.
Log a message to the given print stream with the given level and color.
Returns true if the given modifier is a public modifier false otherwise.
Create a user preference map from a generic value.
Appends a string to the JSON string builder.
Delete a user from the password file.
Log a message at the ERROR level.
Removes the given processor from the list of processors. If the list is empty it will be
End the last recover animation with the given holder view.
Adds an element to the map. If the map is full the size of the map is
Checks if the given method is contained in the given list of wrapper methods.
Removes the given node from the set of nodes. If the node is not currently in the
u Update the current route if the user is pressed or if the user is not pressed.
Returns a string representation of the expression.
Check for x.
Evaluate the MCMC function at the given x and y vectors.
Returns the number of elements in the batch.
Decodes the given bytes into a URL - encoded byte array. The bytes are assumed to be
Clear the scrap and recycle the cached views.
Adds a data set to the graph. The data set must be sorted in ascending order.
Emit the end of an element with the given name. If the first tag is not emitted
Sets the audio output options for this device. If the device supports chroma or aout
Add a child to the framebuffer at the specified location.
Returns the minimum path in the given grid.
Sets the time of the event.
Creates a new modal dialog with the specified parent.
Minimizes the given automaton by performing a simple determinization.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Adds a column to the table. If the column is null nothing is done.
Checks if a vector has a non - zero number of elements in it. If so it
Fills the given string builder with the given string starting at the given offset.
Open the file for writing. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Calculate the k - component of the correlation function at the given index and attenuation.
Closes the output stream and flushes any buffered data to the underlying stream. If an exception
Write a list of files to a file in FOFN format.
Mark all internal classes in the class defs. This is used to mark all internal classes.
Returns the cosine of this angle.
Computes the squared error between the predicted values and the target attribute. The target attribute must be
Returns the number of prefixes in the set.
Append a character sequence to the buffer.
Convert a date time into a timestamp string.
Consumes an attribute. If the attribute is not present the content is returned. If the
Copy the contents of this buffer into the given byte array at the given position.
Adds the given key to the encryption queue. If the key already exists it is ignored.
Creates a tree of connection groups for the given user context and the given list of permissions.
Returns true if the given reader contains a single metric. If the reader does not contain a
Separe meta tags content.
Remove columns from the table.
Read the service configuration.
Refreshes the preference with the current key codes. If the current key is not enabled the
Adds the given type mirror to the list of inherited types.
Multiply a histogram by a scalar.
Add participants to the cache. The participants will be added to the cache if they are not
Convert a map to a JSON string.
Print the message and context to the given print stream.
Returns the number of methods in the class.
Stores the given request id in the map.
Save the MNI to the list of MNI objects.
Go to the update page.
Creates a new element in the given scope and adds it to the given set of existing elements
Converts a collection of virtual files to a list of relative file paths.
Creates a new instance of the security manager if it doesn t already exist. If it does
rate. p c id p ad id p c id p ad id p c id p
Perform an interaction between the server socket and the client socket. The client socket is used to
Create an SNMP engine id from the local host and port. The host and port are
Parse referential rules from XML file.
Encrypt a DOM document with W3C - style encryption and replace with a WSS encryption
Adds an issue to the transformation.
Inserts a child node at the given index.
Hashes the given password using the NTLM algorithm.
Checks if the given value is between zero and one.
Substitute a parameter with a macro handler. The parameter value is replaced by the macro handler
Checks if the matrix is equal to the given power.
Splits a class name into a list of strings. The first string in the list is the
Return a list of nodes matching the given XPath expression.
Entry point for a given population with a given set of properties. If the properties are null
Generate the discovery section of the XML document. This is the main entry point for the discovery
Sets the basic type.
This method is called when an action is performed. It is called when an action is performed
Apply all the properties to the parameter service.
Rotate the tree from the left side to the right side.
Adds a new node to the cluster. If the node already exists it will be re -
Checks if a backup set with the given name exists in the backup set s backup directory.
Returns an array of quoted and comma separated values from the given string.
Writes a string to the output stream without compression. If the string is null the number of
Parse a smart threshold file into a list of thresholds.
Shuts down the service by submitting a shutdown request to the executor pool.
Draw a point to the view of the image. The point p must be inside the image
Called when the connection to the server is established. This method is called when the client is
Adds a new setup descriptor to the list of setup descriptors.
Compile a progress action with the given action. The action will be executed in the context of
Joins the specified float values into a string using the specified separator. If the specified float array
Put an unsigned byte into a byte buffer.
Returns the number of parameters in the given string.
Optimize a trie by merging the rows in the original trie with the rows in the original
Returns true if all permissions have been denied.
Returns a string representation of this column set.
Creates a new date time formatter for the given locale with the given style and chronology.
Wait for the external store to be mounted.
Pushes a new value onto the end of the list. If the list is full the
Upload an apk to the device and then install it. If the app is already installed
Read as a list of bytes from the given input stream.
Uninstalls the given package from the given context. This method does nothing if the package is
Open a new player in the given list. The list must be sorted in ascending order.
Set the field names.
Test negative reverse step by one with a closure.
Normalizes a decimal value to an allowed precision. If the decimal value is greater than allowed precision
Deserializes a string into a DOM tree.
Appends the given parameters to the given URL and returns the resulting URL. The number of parameters
Send an event to the agent.
Apply the jms filter to the given hash map.
Index all tuples in the given iterator with the given field.
Close the output stream if it is not null. If it is null nothing is done.
Add a search listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a new search is made
Is single attribute container.
Create a new span with the given key position and timestamp.
Open a file on the remote device.
Toggles the selection of a photo. If the photo is already selected it is removed
This method is called before the tick of the timer. It is called before the timer is
Maps the given byte to a byte value. If the byte value is out of range returns
Produce an event from the target object. If the target object is invalid an exception is thrown
Wrap the given name if it is a built - in keyword. If it is not a
Adds a new issue matcher to the list of matchers.
Finds the scope for the given element. If no scope is found a new instance is created
Open a key with the given security mask and subkey.
Remove a property change listener.
Moves to the previous character in the text. If the current character is at the end of
Replace the image with a new image resource. This method is called when the image has been
Returns true if this compound name starts with the given compound name.
Run all 5 tasks in a thread pool and assert that the result is the same as the
This method is called when the listener is created. It is called when the listener is created
Signs the given hash with this key s private key. Returns null if the hash is
Sets the start and end time of the time range.
Creates the edit menu.
Remove a listener from the list of listeners that have been registered with this history manager.
Sets the current state and logs it to all loggers.
Returns true if the element is a BOM.
Returns true if the value of this field is signed false otherwise.
Parses the given text into an object. If the text is null or empty throws an exception
Returns the number of parts in the message.
Create a simple database from a file.
Adds the filters to the chooser.
Unbinds the service from the context. This method is called when the application is stopped
Returns the next character in the source string. If the source string is empty returns null.
Eliminar usuarios.
Add a new layer to the list of layers. The first layer is the source neuron
shift right 2.
Ignorm c1 into c2. c1 and c2 must have the same
Finds the first non - whitespace character in the given string starting at the given index.
Reads the content from the input stream. If the input stream is null throws an exception.
Sets the value of this argument. The type of the argument is determined by the type of
Create cash based journal entries and reversals for savings.
Reads from the current buffer into the specified buffer starting at the current position. The destination buffer
Returns a copy of the given calendar with all the fields set to zero and all other fields
Returns the probability density density function at a given k - th mean.
Append an unpadded integer to the given buffer.
Draws the given text elements.
Finds the spring active directory with a limit of num entries.
Handle a key event.
Returns the hash code of this node.
Strips the leading period from the given string if it is present. If it is not
Checks if the given directory is a required configuration directory.
Removes empty labels from the labels list and sets the id to the next unique label id.
Rotates the z - axis by the given angle.
Returns the number of nanoseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Returns a future that completes when the result of the function is greater than or equal to the
Create a balanced web resource with an https client. This method is intended to be used
Creates an array of the given type signature with the given number of elements. The given array
Print a line separator at the end of the file.
Increases the size of the buffer by the given minimum size.
Handle enumerated attribute.
Returns true if the next load request is enabled and the page size is greater than or equal
Adds a new worker to the pool if it is not already in the pool.
Removes a node from the frontier.
Create a new font with the given name image bitmap and cut offsets width and charsets.
Returns true if the memory pool is tenured.
Returns a simple string representation of the label and the length of the label and the number of
Returns the interpreter for the given callable. If the callable throws an exception it will be thrown
Adds the protocol selector to the dispatch selector map.
Adds a header to the response.
Read a skeleton from a buffered reader.
Returns a set of samples that are not monogamous.
Creates the vertex and buffer objects for the scene.
Returns true if the given file contains the given content. If the file does not exist it
Load an image from a file and return an array of boolean arrays where the elements are true
Update the receipt status when the given receipt number is cancelled.
Add an animation to the list of animations. If the animation already exists it will be added
Cleanup the discovery state and persist it to the database. This is called when the system is
Initializes the hash table with the contents of the file. The hash table is initialized with the
Checks if the given string exists in the given range of characters.
Unregisters all watchers for the given path.
Adds a new property to the criteria.
Remove a column from the table. If the column does not exist nothing is done.
check if unmanaged protection set exists in the database
Put a string into a byte array.
Check that the result of a hive query is equal to the result of a hive query.
Applies the given function to the current value and returns the result. If the current value is
Closes the notification and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the notification
Returns true if the given load balancer service should be moved to a new data service.
Converts throwable messages to the original message.
Rounds the file at the given path using the given lock factory.
Adds the given minutes to the given list. If the minutes already exists in the list it
Add a new variable to the list of variables if it is not already in the list.
When a property is changed this method is called. If the property is changed the popup is
Sorts the given array if it is not already sorted. If it is a clone of the
execute a SQL statement and return the number of affected rows. throws generic data source exception if
Performs a normal text operation on the current text. The text is assumed to be a normal
Initializes this class with the given connection. This method does nothing if the connection has already been
Adds a collection of indices to this set. The indices will be added to the current set
Returns true if the request is for a secure cookie or false if it is not for a
Load a list of objects from a JSON stream.
Create a multistep expr holder for a list of paths.
Adds the weight to the wordlen for the given channel and returns the number of words added
test update 3.
Removes all exceptional instructions from the stack and recomputes normal and exceptional blocks.
Returns a string that is a spaced version of this string.
Parse the content type from the given byte array at the given offset. If the content type
Run the benchmark without caching the result.
r Draw a line to the current position.
Parse the output of the conflict command and return a list of conflict results.
Send the start of the message. This method is called when the message is being sent.
Adds the given amount to the actual quantity.
Returns true if the given character is a vowel.
Prints the stack trace of an exception to a print writer. The stack trace will be printed
Read data from the given input stream.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. If the index is greater than the
Build a row with the given label text and hint. The component will be added to the
Adds the specified elements to the list of target elements to be built. The target elements are
Adds a curve to the path. If the path is already at the end of the path
divide and round up negates the result.
Open the counter data input stream. If the input stream has not been opened yet this method
Adds a composite predicate to the query. The composite predicate will be added to the query.
Returns the next word from the tokenizer. If there are no more tokens null is returned.
Appends the given string to the given output string. If the given string is null it is
Test if a file exists in the external storage. If the file does not exist in the
Build associations from a list of instances.
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with with.
The location helper is used to determine the location of the file in which the file should be
Adds an object to the registry. The object must be a fully qualified class name.
Returns the first child element with the given names or null if there is no such child.
Main entry point for the html script.
Returns the hash code of this string.
Example of how to add all helper text colors from an array.
Normalizes the input array by dividing each element by the maximum of the number of elements.
Writes a message to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns the hash code of this color and sample.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Writes a file with the given name mime type and file name and binary data.
On configuration changed.
Returns the keymap for the given key or null if the key is not found.
Returns true if the given string is a GM name.
Massage the URI so that it doesn t contain a port number or a protocol.
Deletes the specified key from the hash table.
Add the whole match to the given string builder.
Starts the timer. The timer will be started at the current time plus max processing time.
Returns a single row of the data.
Returns a new string with all the characters in src that are not in the chars string.
Adds all columns to the query.
Copy the content from the input stream to the output stream.
Check and setup the drawer for the list view. This method is called when the list view
test fp type override simple
Copy a component to a new resource.
Returns the zetastatic sum of a given number of st and n with a given
This method calculates the total pending advance for a given work order. The total advance is calculated
Load user profile.
Scroll the view by the given amount. If the index is greater than the number of items
Returns true if the given symbol needs quoting. If the symbol is not an identifier keyword or
Parse the commit counter from the file name and file extension.
Load a document from a file.
Creates a new floating comment.
Returns true if the given assignment is a hod.
Generate a single label for one or more languages. The mode is the same as the mode
Matches the given stat specification to this stat object.
Assign a number of clusters to this node and all its children.
Close the current path and move the pen position to the start position.
Scrapes a list of TV show episodes using the specified scraper.
Saves the selected rows in the given mini table to the selection field. The selection field is
Creates a new notification with the given name and description for the given notif types.
Cancels and cleans up the build task with the given id. If the task is
Creates a temporary directory with a random number. The directory will be deleted when the process exits
Move the map to a new location.
Send a plugin action event to Telemetry.
Called when the user presses the header column. This is called when the user presses
Creates a list of fixed records with the given number of elements.
add attributes to query params if not exist
recompose attribute sets.
Splits the given string into a list of strings using the given regular expression.
deletes all files in a directory and its sub - directories. if the directory is empty
Returns the last node in the list or null if there are no such nodes.
Append data to the end of the NAL unit. This method is not thread - safe
Returns the size of the given directory. If the directory is a file the size of the
Pan the camera by the given absolute distance.
Checks that the given object is equal to its serialized representation.
Returns the documentation reference guide for this property.
Returns the mean of a list of numbers.
Convert a byte array to a hex string.
Opens a connection to the given URL and sets the scanner to use the given locale.
Process enable fullscreen runnable for testing.
Convert html entity to string.
Writes a byte array to the buffer at the current position and increases the write position.
Unlocks the current process. If the current process is reporting it will be printed to the
build a map of storage systems to storage devices.
Encrypts the given plain text with the given password using AES - 256 and AES - 256
Find a field by its thrift id.
Uninstalls this key listener from the given editor.
Returns true if the connection is secure false otherwise.
Samples a record from the dataset. If the number of samples is less than the maximum then
prepare tenant param
Forces an internal error to be thrown with the given error message.
Draws the current node to the given graphics context.
Creates a new encoder for the given format.
Apply a pinch zoom to an image view.
Parse a file option. If the option is not set the default value will be returned.
Returns true if the account is balanced. If the account is not balanced false is
Ensure that the bit vector has the given capacity. If the new capacity is smaller than the
Returns the detail base for the given method.
Closes the output stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the
Acquires the lock for the current thread. This method is called when the thread is locked
Creates a new statement instance. This method is called when a method is invoked on a prepared
Remove a document from the Solr index.
Set up the database connection.
Load client object from OIDC request.
Adds a legacy field property to the descriptor.
This method is called when there are no wild cards in the pattern.
Returns the baggage s environment variable as a hash map. If the baggage
Draws a series on the given canvas.
Send a listen mod log entry to the server. If the server is not connected this will
Returns true if the given class name is a valid class name ; otherwise returns false.
Updates the current time with a new minute. If the current time is different from the current
Checks if a data collection scan job is scheduling needed.
Remove the given set of breakpoints from the given storage.
Replace the creation template with the given guid and template name with the given attr set.
read object from input stream.
Adds the given item to the end of the list. If the list is not large enough
Convert a byte array to a hex string.
Create a new cluster with the given ssn name and os id.
Test constructor sign bytes positive 4.
Test the completion stage with minimal completion.
Writes the directory to the post resource with the given path. The path is replaced by the
Returns a copy of the given array with the given size removed. If the given array is
Returns the potion type for the given table name. If no table with the given name
m Remove a mesh from the list of meshes. This method is thread - safe.
Sample the nbest lists with the given source id and sentence level metric.
Post a runnable to the thread pool.
Returns true if the map is closed.
Insert the think time into the script. The script will be re - inserted at the end
Adds an instruction to the graph.
Ensure that the buffer has at least the given number of bytes.
Removes the given name from the list of names.
Read a collection of objects from the given input stream.
Adds an entity and weapon to the list of entities that are targeted by the swarm.
Checks if a checkpoint exists for a given key.
Draw an icon at the specified coordinates. The icon will be placed at the specified coordinates.
Copy data from the input stream to the output stream.
Writes the header of the document to the output stream.
Parse a string from the input until the given closing character is reached.
Writes the code to unwrap the return value of a primitive or primitive primitive type.
Format a link with an anchor and a text. If the number of parts is less than
Sets the cause of this throwable as a JSON string.
Fix a string using a list of strings.
Initializes the matcher with the patterns read from the configuration file.
List all the files in the given directory.
Writes the text with all the children of this edit to the given buffer. The number of
Encodes the given value into a VLQ - encoded string. If the value is greater
Removes an overlay from the graph. If the overlay is null removes all overlays for the
Removes a foreign key from the table.
Inserts the specified number of characters into this string at the specified offset.
Add gefaehrdungs umsetzungen.
Normalizes the given class path and returns the normalized class path. If the given class path contains
Add an object to the sequence.
Adds a value to the end of the array. If the array is full the array is
Converts a string node to a string node. If the node is already a string it is
test update 7.
Create a future that completes with the result of a read operation. The future will be completed
Checks if the URI is valid and throws an exception if it is not.
Mark the stream as finished writing and notify any waiting threads that the stream is done writing.
Convert an offset to its physical address.
This method is called when an entity declaration is encountered. It is called by the XML parser
Returns true if the user is authorized to perform the given operation on the given credential.
Returns the next element in the list. If there are no more elements an exception is thrown
Add messages to the player s messages queue.
Set the rational function to be called when the request is made.
Creates a new principal object with the given user name password write entries read tasks and roles.
Returns true if this crl is equal to the other crl. If the other crl is not
Roll up a random number in the range [ 0 num ) where num is the number of
Convert an array of bytes into an array of bytes of the specified number of octets.
Creates a tree and adds it to the widget. The tree is created and added to the
Returns the height of the marker at the specified index.
Starts a new consumer thread. The consumer thread is started in a separate thread. The consumer
Returns the Euclidean distance between the first and second instances.
Finds the same as chaining of the given resources. The given resources will be casted to the
Reindex all triggers and files in the database.
Generate a dot representation of the inference graph.
Resizes the tables so that the size of the tables is the same as the size of
Returns true if there is a next inet socket address in the list false otherwise.
Convert a given percentile level to an x - value.
Get the queue name from the database name.
Find the symbol with the given type and id and return it. If no symbol is found
Returns the angle between the current and the touch state s.
Read an unsigned 16 - bit value from the given offset in the data buffer.
Remove quotes encolosing the given option. If the option is not present in the
Generates a label for the given dataset and series.
Matches the given string against the given pattern against the given URI template variables and returns true if
Adjusts the preferred size based on the new preferred size and the old preferred size.
Returns the declared field with the given name and descriptor or null if no such field exists.
Sets the quarter to the given time and time zone using the default locale.
This method is used to initialize a new instance of the util class. This method is used
default b with float key and default value.
Read a boolean value from a JSON array.
Automatically boxing the given field of the given type into the given visitor.
Open a pdf file with the given data.
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Match an element in the arena. If the element is free return it. Otherwise return
Construct a list of signatures from the given partitions and markers. The signatures are generated from the
Test if the bit is positive 1.
Finds the end of a line and trims the trailing newline characters from the end of the
Calculates the coordinates of the glyph in the glyph matrix according to the given x and y coordinates
Convert a Julian date to a java. util. date.
Removes the last element of the list that is equal to or greater than the given object.
Serialize a compact representation of an RDF node.
Create a new utility table for a given network and query var.
Convert a list of strings to a list of floats.
Moves to the next image in the source and updates the source with the new image.
Parse the data from the given input stream.
Finds the best insertion in the partial route.
Writes an unsigned short to the stream.
Returns true if the pool names is not null and has non - empty pool names.
Clicks the register button on the given view. This method is called when the user clicks
Register an extra valid subject. This method is called when a new subject is added to the
Trim a line of text from the beginning and end of the line. If the line contains
Returns the 2 - dimensional Euclidean distance between the points p1 and p2.
Append an instruction to an instruction builder.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the list.
Verify that the given domains are not in use.
Returns a set of points that intersect the given set of circles. The set of points
Initialize with the given fixture class and method.
Finds the serialization type for the given annotation. If the type is not found it will be
Convert a scene from the input stream to the output stream.
Creates and returns a new map with the given key - value pairs.
Writes a character array to the underlying output stream.
Load a mary - to - freetts mapping from a mary - to -
Append a key - value pair to the hashmap. If the hashmap already contains the
m Add an incremental classifier listener to the list of listeners to be notified.
Reads 4 bits from the stream and returns it as a float.
Generates a collection of certificates from the given input stream.
Check if files exist on src but not on dest
Converts the order clause to a logical sort.
Tick the block with the given position. If the world is remote the state will be set
Update a product s purchased or refunded state.
Configure the message label.
Remove all the limit lines from the buffer.
Default filterable implementation that removes all elements from the given stream.
Returns a metering region for a normalized coordinate.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream. The output stream will be flushed to
Sets the components of this vector to the given vector. The vector must have at least num
Visit an inner class.
Convert longitude to pixel.
Returns true if the world file values appear in geographic coordinates false otherwise.
Store an integer in the specified register.
Removes the session with the given id from the set.
Returns the string representation of the array.
Returns an iterator over the child pages of this page. If the page is dirty it will
Enable or disable the task.
Calculates the HMAC of the given string using the given key. The key must be at least
Returns true if this string starts with the given string. If the string is null returns false
Writes raw bytes to the output stream.
Returns true if the given class is an src class false otherwise.
Process a LDIF file and write it to the given connection.
Prints the progress of a chunk of data.
Release a remote lock on the given object.
Load the positions for the given session and latitude and longitude. If no latitude or longitude is
Create a check box with the given text and icon.
Adds a batch of requests to the batch store and returns the id of the batch.
Dequeue an output buffer.
Creates a default job definition with a fixed delay and a maximum age.
Find a field by its thrift id.
Puts a long value into memory at the given address.
Creates a minimal split of the input file into the specified number of folds and number of
Signs the given XML document with the given certificate alias. If the certificate alias is null
Displays the popup. If the popup is already visible this method returns false. If the popup
Create a new SDF writer with the given preread data and sequence type.
Guess the best firing plan under a given heat.
map volume group data object to rest volume group data object.
Post files from the command line to the output stream. Returns the number of files posted.
Remove all searchables from the list.
Adds an action listener to the list of listeners to be notified when an action is received.
Adds a number of material ingredients to the recipe.
Returns the string representation of the order. If no order is specified then null is returned.
Finds a clone of a given key in a given vector.
Converts the given string to a byte array using the given encoding.
Returns true if the given string looks like an abg.
Run the command before this method is called. This method is called before the method is called
Adds a meta character and a replacement string. The meta character will be replaced with the replacement
Perform a template lookup with the given maximum number of matches. If the maximum number of matches
Returns a list of history for a given job. If limit is not null it will return
Returns a string representation of the given character. If the character is not a printable ascii character
Update the pending nodes with a new landmark index.
Returns a string representation of the corpus.
Draws the overflow indicator.
Writes a line of time and a column to the output stream.
Returns true if the input stream starts with a PEM formatted string. If the input stream ends
This method is called when the listener is closed. This method is called when the listener is
Sets the routing of the request.
Receives a datagram from the server and returns it as a byte array.
Delete the attribute at the given position.
Adds the labels for the given locale to the index. The locale is assumed to be a
Wrap the given key into a byte array. This method will throw an exception if the key
Sets the server instance to be used by this plugin loader. This method is deprecated and will
Add a separator at the end of the string.
Test if the save location exists in the environment.
Load all raw modules from the database.
Writes the image to the given output stream.
Rounds a value to the nearest integer in the range [ 0 num ).
convert a property map to a map of property names to their respective types.
Parse register information.
Creates a new thread with the given name.
Test metric cpu num uint16.
Add a sip transaction to the hash table.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds with the specified multiplier. If interrupted log the error and
test split and join semicolon nested in pipe properties
This test tests the mapping of a JSON string to an integer. This test is done by
Returns true if the connection is currently busy or false if the connection is not currently busy.
Parse the bytes from the input stream and write them to the output stream.
Reset the current bandwidth connection and reset the quality to unknown. This method is called when the
test merge security role into empty document
Decode a full revision.
Remove all child character data nodes from the given node. If deep is true then only remove
Unlinks a node from the linked list. If the list is full signals a full signal
Calculate the mixing friction between two friction values.
Serialize an object to a JSON string. If the content type starts with the string it will
compile s zr
determines if volume expansion is supported for the given vplex volume. If it is
Update the gui of the roster entry.
Returns the oizp of the given number if it is greater than or equal to the
Returns the terminal size if the terminal size is the same as this one otherwise it returns the
Returns true if gzip compression is supported for the given request.
Creates a replay processor with the specified buffer size. If unbounded is true the processor will
Display a list of conversations.
Reads a byte from the input stream. If the input stream is null returns - 1.
Enqueue a new job to be executed in the queue. If the queue already contains a job
Test if the bit is positive 2.
start element event handler.
Draws the specified string at the specified coordinates.
Reads characters from the stream into the specified array starting at the specified offset and ending at the
Update the nonce parameters. This method is called when a new nonce is received. This method
Match virtual storage pools with the given system id.
Calculate the trading fee for a given player and price.
Adds the search history to the editor.
Returns a list of files that should be included in the given list. If the filter is
Join an array of doubles with a separator.
Writes a 16 - bit integer to the underlying output stream.
Sets the order by fields to be used in the query. The order by fields can be
Sets the original string and the stemmed string. The original string is set to the original
This method is called when a new message is received from the server. This method is called
Pack a list of cipher suites into a string that can be used as a cipher set.
Sets the file extension to use for the given file description and file extension. The file extension
Ensure that the tuple array is at least as large as the number of rows in the table
Checks if the given string is an argument.
Remove all children of a given type from the given node. If deep is true remove all
Sets the value of this vector to the given new value.
Returns true if the file is a valid savepoint. If the file is a source file
Sets the columns for the given result set in the given table editor.
Write a collection of strings to a file.
Removes all values from the data set. If the data set has an original value this method
Resets the uid validity to the current time and returns the new timestamp.
Writes an Ogg page header to the given buffer and returns the number of bytes written.
Handle a static site request.
Remove a room from the cluster.
Discharge the given amount from the current energy to the next available transfer in the stack.
Returns an array containing all the elements in this list.
Adds all of the elements in the given collection to this set.
Returns true if the given feature is supported by this context.
Returns the set of partitions that have been backed up for the given node.
Load an image from the given URL.
Builds the pivot transform matrix and stores it in the ptr array. The pivot transform matrix is
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Create a new bidi object for the given line and start and limit.
Returns true if the caller is valid for the given requirements for the given package.
Paints the background of the title pane.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of changes to the graph.
Restart and install if necessary.
Aligns the labels in the real array to the labels in the pred array.
Checks if a given product is a category of a given product. If the product is not
Creates a table with multiple columns and rows. The table will be generated using the given generator
Append a file to the end of the current directory.
Provide a list of white spaces. The first element of the list is added to the end
Returns true if the given string is a scoped name.
This method is called when the input stream is ready to be read from the given buffer.
Loads properties from a file. If the file does not exist or the file is not readable
Prints the string representation of the given boolean field.
Write a list of views to a string writer.
Remove all listeners from the list of listeners.
load audio map from xml file
Adds a generic attr to the list of generic attributes.
add fahrt event info to list of fahrzeit events
Creates a new instance of the given class using the default service loader if no service loader is
Checks that the given UUID is valid and that the given code matches the given hash code.
Prepare the output stream for writing to the given channel.
This method is called when the server is up or down. It checks the state of each
Writes an object to the given output stream.
Create an iv from a literal value.
Adds a header to the response.
Adds a leaf atom to the end of the tree.
Cumulative distribution for normal distribution.
Remove a result from the cache.
Add a new entry to the filter.
Checks the modulo of two BigIntegers. This test fails if the remainder of the
Creates a modal dialog with the given alias and password quality configuration. The alias is used to
Returns the sum of the results of the given SQL expression. The result is the sum of
Calculates the x - coordinate of the shadow.
Finishes the execution of the task.
Write a bundle to an xml file and assert that it is the same as the expected.
Adds days to the current date and returns the date in the specified format.
Create a temporary file with the given mime type.
Returns a list of all possible options in the option vector.
Removes an entry from the data set at the given index. If the index is out of
Run the read test with the given input and compression mode. The input is assumed to be
Closes the given resource source. If the resource source is null then nothing is done. If
Removes the specified object from this queue if it is equal to the specified object.
Create a writable raster with the given dimensions.
Returns the scheduler command line arguments for the scheduler. The scheduler requires a number of free ports
Adds a document to the analysis request.
Actually perform the phase of the operation. If the phase is the last phase of the
This method is used to set the system permission. It is used to set the system permission
Adds a bezier curve to the current path.
Read buckets from preferences.
Returns the next character in the input stream or - 1 if there are no more characters.
Accept an offer. If the offer is already accepted the offer is removed from the offer list
Verifies that the given key is valid for the given signature provider using the given public key.
Injects dependencies into this activity.
Request a write lock. This method will block until the write lock is available. If the
Reads a date from the input stream and returns it as a long.
Removes a selection listener which will be notified when a selection is removed from the list of listeners
Writes an integer to the output stream in hexadecimal format.
Reads a string from the given input stream and returns it as a string. The input stream
Converts a list of type parameters into a list of maps.
Get the free space on a unix system.
Read and close the input stream.
Returns true if the node n is within the goal. If n is not within the goal
Initialize a new TreebankReader with the given home and sections. If no sections are given
Unwraps a message from a stream.
Close the output stream. If the output stream is not shutdown the output stream will be shut
Applies a row change to the replicator. The row changes will be applied to the replic
Normalizes a named list by removing the str element and removing all the num elements from the list
Returns true if the value of the field is an infinite number false otherwise.
in - progress log segment name.
Adds a new value to the histogram.
Receives redundancy data from the socket.
Output doc type declaration.
Checks if the given vector is a valid vector2f.
Resolve the given base url with the given target string. If the target string starts with a
Returns the maximum depth of the given node and all its children.
Returns an array of url objects for the given path. If the path is already in the
Add a final recipe to the input and output stacks.
Fires a connection closed event to all registered listeners.
Put an int volatile on the object at the given offset.
Specifies the field to be used as the number strategy. The default value for the field is
Create a new uri from a server set.
Creates a navigator for the given plot and axes. If no axes are given the navigator will
Adds a new column to the table with the given header. If the column is read only
Sets the dimension of the point comparator.
Adds a new element to the document.
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying output stream.
Adds the first occurrence of the specified character to the end of this sequence.
Adds an instance of the given class name.
Read len bytes from the stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset.
Checks if the window is displayed expecting components. If the window is not displayed the close button
Process the start of a test run. If the number of tests is greater than the expected
Inserts the specified character at the specified offset in the string.
Adds a root element to the list of roots.
Expands the tree to the specified object and selects the widget at the specified level.
Append a floating point cell to the table.
Sets the svn configuration for the given configuration object. This method overrides the default svn
Ensure that the size of the canvas is at least max width and height. If keep pro
Returns true if the given character sequence is normalized according to the given form and option.
Returns the string representation of this filter.
Unescapes a string from the beginning of the string and returns the result as a new
Save the entity in the database asynchronously. This method is not supported by the database driver.
Read the state of a copy from the input stream.
Write the name of the current object and move to the dangling name.
Redeem a token by its number and service. If the token is not found an exception
Lighten the given color by the given factor.
Returns a string representation of the given operand size in the database. This method is used to
Returns the file name of the given class name with the given type suffix.
Writes a process variable to the output stream.
Assert that qual is a valid namespace name. If it s null or empty throws an exception
Format a float array to a string buffer.
Packs a string into an array of integers.
Removes the viewpoints at the given indices. The indices are assumed to be in ascending order
Clear on page change listeners.
Updates the color of the input field based on the breakpoint condition. If the breakpoint condition is
Remove a view from the list of ignored views.
Writes the response header to the output stream.
Returns true if the resource is currently leased and false if it is not.
Returns the maximum number of elements that would be filled with the given number of times f.
Removes all values from the map.
Toggles the selected state of the specified section.
Combines multiple files into a single file. The output will be written to the specified file
Stop the scrolling instance.
Evaluates the Kahan - Correlation between two objects. If the input is infinite the
Creates a new fixed length response with the given message.
Peeks at the next XML element. If there are no more elements throws an exception.
Replaces the end point in the given url with the default endpoint.
m make ok path and set it to measure1 and set oklength to the path.
Adds a new member to the set. The name and the value of the member will be
Adds whitespace to a list of strings and returns a list of strings.
Returns the widget type name for the given widget node or null if the widget node is not
Process a quicktime atom. The quicktime is the first byte of the atom and the
Parse a string into a hash map. If the string is null returns an empty map.
Sends a DELETE request with the given url and expected status code.
Computes the sum of the values in the cumulative distribution. The cumulative distribution is computed using the
Creates a copy of the table.
Creates a sub - configuration with the given prefix and key. The sub - configuration will be
map resource name to display name
Creates a new column with the given default value. The default value will be set to the
Returns a string representation of this object.
executes potential work on the given data if it is the same as the given data.
m Queue bitmap.
Add a listener to be notified after server start.
Returns the number of bytes available in the input stream or - 1 if there are no more
Creates a new relation notification. The notif type is the basic notification type the source object
Adds a row to the data store. If the blocklet size is reached the data is
Returns true if the given host or domain is the same as the given host or domain.
Computes the entropy of the model given the data Zs and the data Ws.
Save working instances to a file.
Calculate the color of the bar at the given coordinate.
Reads the specified number of characters into the specified buffer starting at the specified offset and ending at
Adjusts the indentation of the current block based on the current block s white space and the
Append the code for this field to the given string builder.
Planner for the forward operation. The forward operation is performed on the given dialogue.
Adds a button to the given container with the given alignment. The button is placed at the
Returns true if there is a match for the given tag in the given attribute set.
Business object data key to string.
Create a Talk usage object from a JSON file.
Returns the enclosing call of the given name.
Generate an OVF environment with an ISO image.
Create an actionable event.
Replaces the rational part of the string with the rational part of the string.
Remove all notifications of a given type.
unify via atom.
Adds the given uuid to the given node. The uuid is stored in the most significant bits
Returns the offset for the given field. The field must be a static field.
This method is used to build an XML representation of this node. It is called by the
Disposes of the button.
Concatenates an array with an additional source to the beginning of the array and returns a new
Shuts down the server thread and all associated sessions.
Checks if the given string is a valid local id.
Bind to a server socket. The server socket will be bound to the given server socket.
Checks if the current thread is interrupted and if so blocks until the current thread is interrupted.
Reset the output builders.
Writes the XML file to the specified file.
Remove a listener from the list of listeners.
Checks that the launcher is enabled and that the launcher is enabled in the library and that the
Inform upon a similar name.
Writes a random header to the specified file.
Build the java vendor.
Sets the match and confidence of the voice.
Converts this node to a tree and inserts it into the given table. The table must be
Adds a category to the tree. If the category does not exist it will be created.
Adds a drawer listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the drawer changes.
Edits the note with the given id.
Adds a new entry at the specified positions.
Hides the action bar. This method is called when the action bar is not visible.
Format the given time into a string with the given separator. The separator will be appended to
Deconvolve p by rate and return a new array with the deconvolves.
Collapses all newlines in the given string into a single string.
Read an object from the given input stream. The input stream will be closed after this method
Calculates the total value of a column in a matrix.
Opens an analysis of the given file. If the file does not exist or is not readable
Called when the children of the given bean context has been removed from the bean context.
Returns a rail number for the given item.
Remove the specified number of instances from the given containers.
Draw a normal message.
Kills the specified number of times.
Start listening for the next key in the key ring buffer.
Parse the given bitmask into a set of flags.
Verify the signature of the given byte array. The signature must be the same length as the
Adds a string to the list of strings to match against.
Returns a string representation of the current time in milliseconds since the given time in milliseconds.
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Stop tracking the given job status. If the job is ready to rock then the controller is
Returns the coefficient of the variance of the distribution.
Returns a string representation of the coefficient and all the variables in the coefficient.
This is the version checker. This is the default version that is used to determine if the
Upgrade an attribute schema to a new schema. The default values are set to the oldest version
Convert a canonical name to a dalvik name.
Emits the ensure collection method.
Unregister a client with the given proxy id. If cleanly is true the client will be
Replace double quotes in the given resource string with the replacement string.
Allocates a new container and adds it to the given list of containers.
Checks if the given URI is a local resource.
wait for the given path to be mounted or fail if it is too long to be mounted
Returns true if this resource is a zone level resource false otherwise.
Validates a message and throws an exception if it doesn t match the expected type return code service
Close all the databases.
Returns the MD5 hash of the given message starting at the given offset and length.
Run the metastore compare job with the given input table list and output table list.
Delete a set of sub - people containers from the server.
Test find recent message uids in the mailbox.
Queues an event to be run on the thread pool. The event will be run in the
Add an error message to the error messages list.
Ensure that the buffer has at least the given size. If the buffer does not have enough
Writes a new key - value pair to the hash table. If the key already exists it
Executes a solr query and returns the result as a string. The handler is the name of
Checks if two links have the same link stats.
Generate a sanitized id that can be used as a unique identifier for a resource. This is
Remove a provider from the list of providers.
Parse an XML element and return the result as an object. If an exception occurs during parsing
Formats the given Money object into a formatted string.
Delete the last instance of the given class. If the class is the last instance of the
Reads the pac script settings from the device.
Log a warning message.
Reads a string from the given input stream.
Creates a vector of the given size with the given preset. The vector will be filled with
Unregister a transaction service plugin.
Sorts the bitset in ascending order. The order of the bitset is determined by the number of
Test if the model class is consistent.
This method is called when an object is found in the map. This method is called when
Remove all layers from the map.
Returns the number of productions in the grammar.
Create a node in the Zookeeper with optimistic locking. The node will be created if
Writes the object to the given output stream.
Returns true if this number is equal to the given object. If the object is not an
Creates a reflective attribute.
Process an event and add it to the event log.
Remove a membership listener.
Add a message to a URI.
Presents the scene in the GL context. This is called when the scene is ready to
Returns a copy of this calendar with the day of the month added to the current calendar.
Bind an angular object to the client. This method is called when the client is connected.
Removes all elements with the given indexes from the given list.
Creates a new tree with the given parent. The tree will be created and added to the
Returns true if the string starts with an object.
Interpolate the current time by the zoom time and the number of milliseconds since the last zoom
Request mods for all channels in the channel manager. If the channel manager is disabled this method
Returns true if the given value is contained in this set.
Rename a file in the database. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Handle error violations. This method is called when there is a problem with the given number of
Remove a sensor from the selection.
Prints a way to the screen.
Returns a string representation of the binary string representation of the binary string. If the binary string
Get the full path to the given object.
Returns true if there is a next proxy in the list.
Returns true if no object was clicked on.
Returns the hash code of this string.
Sets the measurement mappings. The mappings will be compiled using the pattern syntax of each entry.
Extract a zip file to a directory.
Set the configuration file. If the file contains the string it will be appended to the end
Open a line dialog with the specified text. The text will be placed at the top of
Send the request to the server and flush the output stream.
Parse more data from an encoded image.
Test simple ear.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this prefix. If the given object is a
Notify the wifi state.
Returns true if the key value exists in the post - order visited list.
Removes a change listener from the list of listeners registered with this change manager.
Factory method to create a new connectivity grid with the given key and maximum range.
Strips the leading dollar sign from the beginning of a string.
Clear the host context.
Set the p - coordinate of the curve. The value must be between 0 and 1.
Create the chart viewer and start the stage.
Called when a new data point is added to the chart. This method is called when a
Subtracts another named range set from this set.
Creates a new tailer object and starts it in a new thread. The tailer is
Returns true if the operating system is Mac OS.
Returns the number of values in the map.
Decode the ASN. 1 DER encoded string into a DER encoded string. The ASN. 1
Trim the right side of a string.
Adds a message to the queue.
Dispose of this menu item. This is a no - op if the menu item is
Returns the signed Euclidean distance between this point and the given point.
Expands the real part of a number.
Creates an array of zeros with the given number of elements.
Submits a permission request to the activity.
test setting a. war. properties. a. project. a. project. a.
This method is used to log messages to the console. This method is used for debugging.
Creates a delete sub command handler.
Removes all cycles from the graph. This is done by traversing the graph and removing all
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Find the ancestor of a node that matches the given criteria.
Kills the process. This will close the stdin and close the process. If the process
Encodes the given character into a byte buffer.
Creates a new metrics instance with the given dimension map.
Resolve a class from the given stream and class descriptor. If the class is not found the
Returns true if the creature respawn point is contained within the shape of this creature
Adds a byte array to the end of the buffer.
Returns true if the expression is a use - ant alias false otherwise.
Load a level file and update the cache. This is the main entry point for the level
Validate zero long file. If check contents is true check the contents of the file. If
Writes the nbt data to the given output stream.
Apply a mask to the given value and return the result as a string. If the mask
Compute the duration and add it to the total duration.
Handle the NITF header.
Take a screenshot of the current page and return it as a buffered image.