depth at the current level of the tree.
Compute the union size of two Bitsets.
Pass all the attributespecs to the filter
Returns a string representation of this classifier.
Returns a new sector that is the union of this sector and the specified sector. The sector is
private double _num = 10 ;
Tests to see whether a negative number is interpreted as an int.
Perform the actual recursive directory walker.
Get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple field.
exception with a bad argument
Receives a dataset change event and updates the axes of all subplots.
onscheduleaslibrary.
True if the given type is a string type.
Validate the SQL statement at the specified index.
Fill an array with the values of the elements in the array
Returns true iff trace logging is enabled.
if there is a rangeweapon remove the missile
create tcpmatcher.
Recursive helper method for determinemaxlevel. This is for the inverse of determinemaxlevel.
Request a confirmation of a pass code.
Rolls back the worker thread creation. - removes worker from workers if present - decrements worker
InsertFunctionalityTest # testInsert4 ( ). Tests INSERT... SELECT functionality
Put a new map entry into the local disk.
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Send a f log message.
Delete leaves with the specified name.
Convert the buffer to a string.
Efficiently validate a particular compound component against a bitset.
Remove a shutdown hook.
Indicate that the stack has a bounded scroll position.
wait for volume to become invisible
Override this method to start additional services for this provider
parse the indicator file and update the treeviewer
Paint the image on the window.
Override connectionallowed to know if the given event can be listened to.
True if the name is prefixed.
Release any open database connection.
add actions to the quickactionview
Add a simple series renderer to the multiple renderer.
Copies the inputstream to the outputstream using a specified copylistener.
Calculate the angle for a given value
Returns a buffer to the pool throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size
Create a new set of options with the specified values.
Create a new charseq by concatenating this charseq to another
Send the video list to the client.
Notifies the registered listeners of a change in the state of this resource.
Test of getorder method, of class BigDecimal.
Call this method to format a log line into a logthrowable format and then log it.
construct queue redis key.
Decodes a string from the specified charset. The charset is assumed to be in the default charset
add a domain to the list of restricted domains.
Creates a new stoppable lock that will be released when the readwritelock will no longer
Test for isautoincrement.
copy a byte array to a outputstream
True if there are no items left.
renderframe ;
Check to see if a string is a valid NCName according to [ 4 ] from the
add a new message to the list
Prepares the dataset for use with this example.
Build the serviceregistrar array.
objectname or objectname
Rebuilds the local journal file. The file is renamed to the new name.
Remove all the rules from the store.
Add the node list to this node set in document order.
Do we need to refetch data?
Create a documenttype from a fully qualified name.
Serializes the field to a byte array
Get a enum value for a style name.
Gets the next avcrpau sequence number from the specified stream.
Creates a map of export mask uri to export mask object based on the list of placed masks
Inserts a new object into the array at the specified index.
Draw the current line and the page if needed.
Put the source into the document cache.
Calls the host updateprogress method if the progress is different from the previous one.
copy a inputstream to a outputstream
Fade audio file to given length.
Draw the edge list and the edge glow to the canvas.
load properties for all classes
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
Fix gpstimestamp when it is a child of the given schema.
Returns whether the given cell consumes the specified event type.
Read a byte from the input stream.
This method is called when the y axis should be created.
Get the maximum query time in milliseconds.
print the specified file
Extend the existing groundings with the alternative groundings
Reads a pattern string and returns the next token.
Test that gettabletypes orders the resultset.
Returns the filechannel for the file if it exists in cache otherwise creates a new fileinputstream
Removes a previously added swipe listener.
Returns the descriptor corresponding to a field signature.
Adds the parameters to the request.
converts the annotation interface name to an annotation class name
Indica si el usuario tiene alguno de la carpeta especific
createelectronictext method with context
Creates a new patternguard expression.
Calculate the intersection of two line segments.
This method will update the set origset to contain the set removeocs and return the set
Get the current time in unix timestamp format
Is the entry a PDF license line?
Draw the grid background
Open a stream for reading data from the specified file path.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
on tmp files copied finish the loading dialog
commonsubmitterqueue or null if there are none.
Returns whether the given attribute is a package private field.
Divide by round half up and positive scale
Converts HTML escape sequences in the string to lowercase.
Load the cluster from the text file inputstream is not closed
Calculates the selector radius
Returns the width of this view
Test with a byte array and a putbytebytearray.
This method is called when the object is added.
Look ahead for a number.
Converts a list of paths to their pixel counterparts.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
expression is true if and only if the expression evaluates to true
Item will slide from Top of the screen to its natural position.
Copy the contents of val into this instance.
Handles the case where a default tenant is not found for the given locale.
Constructs the checkpoint manager given the specified inputstream.
Create a new instance of the indexsegmentindex from the given rawstore instance.
Returns the liveness value for a column.
Insert param value into map.
Calculate the minimum size for the specified container
Select a view at the specified position.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
This method implements the ignorable whitespace callback from the XMLDocumentFilter interface.
Wait for editor to be active.
Finds the solution with the largest objective value for a given objective.
latm to y
register callback handler for notification system
Reads a namespace object from the given inputstream.
the current score function for the current set of samples
Creates a new grammaticality estimator for the set of filenames.
Check if there is a zone link.
Throws an exception if any member of the array is NaN.
Process a connection event.
Returns the percentage of values in the constant range that fall within the provided range.
Quietly close a closeable object ignoring any exceptions.
add a new pagecontext to the page pool
Add a new eventlistener to the listener list.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least the
convert string to bytearray
Attempts to load the properties from the classpath.
Indicates whether some other object is `` equal to '' this one.
Parses a name value pair.
event handler for pull to refresh
Returns the mapping object at the given location in the map.
Parses the given json object and returns the result as a string.
Find the differences between two texts. Simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or
Create a new repository
Count the number of tokens in the string.
Indexes a single document.
reset all common components to the original state
Handle an error situation.
read a single object from the inputstream
Paint the arrow in enabled state.
Log a thrown exception.
Test tobiginteger with zero value.
Respond to changes in the accelerometer accuracy.
Gets the allowstrailingarguments value for this QueryString.
java. math. BigInteger setmaxcrlnumber ( String value )
Evaluate a popup trigger mouse event.
Removes a task from the queue and returns true if the task was removed.
bigdecimal. divide ( bigdecimal, roundingmode ) returns a / b
Ensures that all the paths in a list exist.
override loadclass to check package access
Returns the size of the short measure in the specified measure spec. The return value is the size
This only checks clipping along the bottom edge
Initializes this object from the given workspace.
Write bytearray to file.
Adds an item to the list
process pending custom messages
Determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
Parse the tag and add a new node to the tree return the new node number
Calculates the scramble image height multiplier for the current puzzle.
Numeric scalars are written with default type information
close all the callbacks except listener and loader
static version of indexOf to allow repeated calls without needing to re-acquire array each time
Populate profiles combobox.
Check the file header and return the base seqno of the file.
Absolute value of real component
Maps an algorithm name to its OID.
Provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of strings
Refills the input buffer.
Override processmouseevent to process the mouse event. If the inplace component is not null then
Add the module to the given collection
Determines if the server has at least one table in the list of tables.
classify a set of features.
header view binding at position
Update the line list.
Draw a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on ( x, y ).
Refresh loading views size.
replace the splitelement at the specified index with the new splitelement
Called when the start of a list is encountered.
Compute the number of initial splits based on the number of records that will be required to fill
If the mouse is clicked perform a garbage collection.
Scans the source directory for files that match at least one of the include patterns and does not
True if there are still postponed routes remaining
True if there is at least one single element selected.
Constructs an igfspath from a URI.
reads a XML Element Attribute ans cast it to a int value
Readfully return a string from the reader.
Adds a property getter for each variant of a particular event.
Marks the given entry as used.
Returns the number of successful actions.
Handle a state left.
Register a new signature algorithm implementation class.
Creates a new keyvalue persistence settings from the specified settings file.
Return true if the input string contains any wordbreaking characters.
Checks the interiors of all the segments in this polygon.
Removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this vector. If the object is not in this
Compose two unaryoperators.
Add column specifications to the cdcspecs list
This method will convert a field name into a valid Java field name by splitting the field name by
Generate a new secret key.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
execute sqls.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This call is thread safe.
Refresh the done button.
Create the editor for the migration task
Expands the buffer to accomodate the specified number of bytes.
Convert an IP address from its string representation to an integer.
Close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Check if there are more tags that match the specified pattern in the stream.
Push an int onto the stack
Create an XML node.
add an item at the given position
notify failure of the operation and do not proceed further
This method does the actual transformation of the source to the specified stylesheet.
Split the given string with the configured delimiter and escape the delimiter character.
This method is called when a line is ready to be read. It blocks until at least one
Remove an obligation from every state
Set bounds for the right textView including clip padding.
Create a compound content object from a OLE blob
Check the coverage of all attributes of the cluster
Find all values in the string.
Locate the first occurrence of an element in an array.
Appends the value to the list with the given name. If the name already exists then the
Compares the specified object with this certificate for equality.
Appending the string between the former and the later statement.
Encode a string.
Computes the number of occurrences of each value in the given geotimeserie
Recursively assign node weights.
Creates a new instance of searcher.
add a field to load
Combines two completion stages by applying a function.
Build create schema statement.
And for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Creates a new instance of streaminfomanager
Return the complete sentence as a new conjunction of all the sentences
Determine if the Expression is a pronoun.
Append the text representation of the short type to the given string builder.
Splits a string into a vector using the specified separator.
Write all the favorites to a backup file.
Updates the moving average with the current time.
Validates paymentproduct and returns a list of validationerrormessage if any.
} }
Set the result and the masterkeys for the next operation.
Change event for the slider to a new setpoint.
list = elimitedlist ( list )
Lay out the layout of the panel.
Returns true if the animation is running.
Creates a mosaicdefinition.
Return a new result set with the given alias and row type
trust all https certificates
True if the component is a form in need of editing.
Add internal listeners to the distribution.
Calculate the square root of a number.
Runs a collection of callables in parallel. Each callable will be executed one at a time
try to append a character to the buffer and reset the buffer if it overflowed.
Initializes the owner references of a persistent instance of a field.
Construct a SELECT statement suitable for use in a group of SELECT statements that will be joined through UN
Creates a new undirected node with the default style.
Increases the count by 1.
Revert the changes for the specified files
Concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array.
Iterator that returns tagged values from the given string.
set the current treefile to the parent of the current node
Returns true if the stream can read.
Writes to the underlying buffer.
Removes an item from the list.
Calculate a normal probability density function.
Sorts an array of objects by their their natural order.
Add a zoom listener
clear all registers of all physical defuses of the given basic block
Fire when an annotation is selected.
Authenticate a server evidence message.
Handles text.
Remove a service from the registry.
Attempt to convert a reference to an attribute. If successful return the attribute or null
Escape the given Writer.
Check if the cookie has expired.
This method is called by the framework each time a new record is created.
Checks if the method being invoked is the correct method for this invocation.
Test number of significant bits remainder.
Resets the state of this builder.
\brief distance \brief.
Check the backup info file.
Returns the lowercase version of the given string.
constructor with three bytes of different signs and the same bytes
Build OPUS comment data.
Asserts properties in the event bean received
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Converts a string to uppercase
Iterator over the knowledgeedge for each required rule.
Release a previously acquired lock.
Formats the given text as a JavaDoc box.
number string to two digits
Adds a new drop - item to the model.
Find by primary keys list.
Load the AD_Workflow and nodes into the HTTP session
The hash code for this certificate.
Removes the given tag from the list of tags.
Verify an ECDSA signature with the given public key.
Delete a directory and all its contents
Compares the two iterators to see if they contain the same objects in the same order.
Format the finishedpercentage of a rollout group into a string
Generates the hostname of the machine with the given name.
Transfer the messages from a file to the configured destination.
Unwrap a string expression.
all segments are present in the dataset
Draw the next event timediff.
This method creates lines and adds them to flines.
Calculate the square root of a number.
Calculate the number of resultpoints between two resultpoints
Convert a number to a bit string.
URL encode a byte array using the supplied bitset.
creates a new messagetokenizer
Wait for all threads to reach this barrier.
This method will load all the translations into the translation cache if the translation cache is empty
Creates a new instance of navmousemode
Adds a new event to the simulation event queue.
Stop the timer with the specified name.
generates a summary string of the matrix
Create a temporary directory and return the path.
Draws a horizontal span into the graph and optionally adds a legend
extent_to_whole_connections This extents all connections to all brdconnect
Create an instance of ikeybuilder.
Find all possible parents of x in the list of nodes.
configure from a properties file
Open a new connection and execute a SQL statement if the URL starts with the _str database name
Add a list of projects as new projects in the repository.
this method is called when a floodlight packet is received from a floodlight node
Sleep for a period of time.
Verifies that a writeset is not found in the btree.
Calculates the entropy of the given masses.
Check to see if a string is a valid Nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the
Parse a string containing a double value.
Puts a string into the buffer at the current position.
Register a listener for RTCP event notifications
Increases the number of columns by a given value.
This method is called when an XML parse exception occurs.
Connect a file descriptor to a remote socket.
Determine if the node is whitespace
Creates a new status panel.
Opens a file for reading.
Removes a spring from this manager.
The name of the log file.
Parse a bnode from its string representation.
Reset the PSR list.
Sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
close the popup window.
Removes an object from the map.
Stretch view vertically
Convert a hexa - string to an inet6 address.
Track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
Reads a double.
Checks if the current value of the bar is at the maximum value.
Test whether the queue starts with the given sequence.
Parse and add a maptileset.
Computes the result for one input double value.
Enable PAN on bluetooth devices.
Calculates the distance between two given points in the plane.
Build a URL from a protocol host port file and a urlstreamhandler.
Create a workflow. method to create a list of volumes
Creates a new instance of filecommandinfo
init all widgets with guimanualherblore
Configure the ssl socket factory to trust all hosts.
Sample the maximum value of the data.
Get the user code form.
Test mission name construction.
Override equals method to help comparing zoneoffsettransition instances
Release the client and start the timer
Close the object and unregister any receivers and close the output stream.
Resolves all the files to their real paths.
Test of getinstance method, of class exemptionmechanism.
Reload the configuration from the file.
Remove a messageprocessor from the pipeline.
Construct a new x509issuerserial.
Add to a set of edgematchers
Put a number of bytes into the buffer
Create a delimited string from an array of objects
Removes all items from the StagingArea.
Parse attributres of compierecolor from a string
creates a new luastate and adds it to the state queue
Checks the capacity of the preamble and returns the first 64 bits.
Read a byte from the input stream.
Limit the clip to the given rectangle.
Shuts down the server and all of its services.
Converts a collection of network addresses to a collection of inet addresses.
Remove newline characters from the end of the string.
Calculate counters for the number of feeds and categories with unread messages
Append html to stringbuilder.
Migrate the columns of a resource table.
Returns the number of rows in the specified table.
jarmodifier ( file jarfile ) constructor.
Adds a new attribute to the table. If the attribute already exists in the table the new attribute
Sets the value of an integer key in the configuration.
Sorts the specified subset of the array in ascending numerical order. The sorting algorithm is a tune
True if this is a server transaction.
Adds a new highlight for the specified range of text.
Read fully into a byte array from an input stream.
If a supplier returns a true value it will throw an exception with the message provided by the given
Add a new item to a shopping cart
Adds a new frequent itemset to the model.
Skip a number of bytes from the peekbuffer.
Create a workflow method to remove VPLEX volumes from a VPLEX cluster.
Show a prompt with a list of urls.
Convert a mouse event into a cell location.
Compute the regular expression to match the oldnam or newname in the given original string.
Generate a new call identifier.
Parse a hour value from a string. This is the main entry point for parsing hour values.
Handle a key event from the history panel.
Apply the substitution to an array of referencebindings. Each typebinding is substituted with the
local - > remote - > local transports
Request the number of seconds until the user is allowed to lock the password policy.
Show all available Hive databases
And for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
This hackyadjuster is tightly coupled with the width of the confidence interval normally specified with number
decode a base64 encoded string and return the object
Copy the given search document into the new search document.
Creates an svdmatrix from the given vector.
unlock for clear
}
private static int lastindexof ( Object o ) { if ( o == null ) return -
Write a bytebuffer to the underlying stream.
Performs a dmodulo operation with two double precision numbers.
max of a negative number is less than the current number
Function used to stop code that calls acceptTrainingSet. This is needed as classifier construction is performed
Handle a mouse move event.
Writes the given float array to the current position and increases the position by the number of float
check whether the CIDR address contains the IP address
Use the distributed lock service to lock the specified object.
Remember the cookie that was used to authenticate this request.
Opens a file chooser to select an import file.
Creates a new instance of gt_metagenerated_item
Read fully from an inputstream and close it.
Parse a SQL statement into a parsedsql instance.
Writes a long to the specified offset of this native object.
This method is called when an actionresult is received from a client.
Generate a salt for use with BCrypt.hashpw
check if a key is contained in the key map
Convert a number to a string buffer.
Run the initscript at the specified url if the initscript is not already running.
_num is known to be a multiple of _num
Print an object to standard output and then terminate the line.
Throws an exception if any element in val is not finite.
init all keyboardbuttons
Is autonew boolean.
Returns the relative path of the file or directory.
This method is called when the singleton instance is reset.
Andnot for two numbers of different signs and the first is longer
Generate a random string of characters
private int _str ;
Remove an attribute.
Evict specified key from cache.
Check whether an exception is a unique constraint violation.
Construct a new exception with the given detail message and exception.
Adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid. This ensure
Inserts used context prefixes if the literal contains prefixes that are not currently defined in the literal.
Add put timenanos.
Returns a list of precomputed hash functions for the given data.
The elevation at the specified location.
create an observedobject instance
Delete the children of the element
Recursively save the initial child state of the given component and all its children.
Is there a overlap between two contacts?
Throws an exception if the given value is null.
Read a list from an input stream. The input stream is not closed by this method.
Returns a new string of a given length such that the end of the string is padded.
Returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
This method is called when a send task completed.
Add button for showing preferences.
clear unused pages from pagelist
create a list of all the gridfields of a given window
Creates a new shortinterleavedraster for the specified sample model and data buffer.
this method will copy a local carbondata file to the carbon store path
Implementation of the flingbackward method as defined in the interface.
Convert a string to a double.
Add a listener to the filter panel.
Returns true if the specified feature is stable
calculates the approximate size of a text in pixels and calculates the size of the text to
Sets the value of the preference from the defaults. Then validates the values.
Convert the buffer to a string.
Write an image to a dataoutputstream.
Scale slider state change event.
write the string to a file
Determine whether the given URL points to a resource in the file system that is has protocol file or
Update the status of a particular relay state.
Converts OID into array of ints.
list servers of a given site
Create a new genericobjecteditor dialog without a title and source
Return true if the styledlayerdescriptor contains any inline features.
Reads the contents of the inputstream and decodes it into a byte array. The input
Causes the current JVM to end with the exit code 0. Note that this does
display all string defined in stringxml
Throws a servletexception if the request is longer than the maxcontentlength configured in the saml
Adds a foreignkey constraint to the table
Called when the controller is created.
Push a notification to the server
Append a JSON key and value pair to the given string builder.
update the config from the resources
Deselect item at specified index.
Returns true if the given node is a leaf in the tree
Add a listener to the listener list.
; }
parse a vector from a string
Calls the super method and writes the parameter knn distance of this entry to the specified stream
Creates a new instance of SessionWrapper
Make a single request to a single node and return the response
; }
Clear the control sensors for this route
Converts a string to a keystore_type.
Returns the objectmapper to the next level of the current objectmapper stack.
Converts a hex character to an integer.
Convert the current state of the podstats to a json object
Load a keystore from a file using a password.
Remove a property change listener
helper method to check if caching is enabled or not.
this = this AND other
check if two principals are equal
Returns true if the lockdown profile is valid ; false otherwise.
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
fromclause ( stream one outerjoinqualifier stream two )
See ISO 16022:2006, 5. 2 Table 7
Creates a kdbdatabase from a given inputstream. The signature of the inputstream is the
Decodes an add operation.
Sort the arrays in place.
Called when the panel is reloaded.
Processes the bytes in the png data.
Returns the absolute path of the given file object.
Jump to the next page.
nullpointerexception if we run out of time
Returns a list of all the types of this array.
Adds a delete statement for the list of rules to the batchlist.
Returns true if the specified element has been visited before.
set the abstractawsiotclient instance
Returns a completable future that is exceptionally completed with the supplied exception.
Initialize the error statistics using the forecasted errors.
check if the mouse event has the correct modifiers
This method is called to emit the list of retained variables.
Build a new URI from the given components.
Extracts the k best translations from a hypergraph.
Reads a character from the buffer
Check if full copy operation is supported on the storage system
Returns an iterable list of all of the services found in the ServiceDescriptors.
Returns the given string with all code - value sentences removed.
Divide two numbers of different scales
Calculate the p - quantile for the given alpha and beta values.
Validates the given certificate with the given signed data and signature.
Returns the number of elements in this sequence.
Test the adding of a servlet runas role.
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the
Create a new multiterm query.
Prints the message passed in parameter on standard output.
accumulate a tagged log entity into the current entity
Test invalid XML.
Convert this number to a string using the default number format.
Returns true if the members are both accessors for the same type.
Create a dateformatter with the timezone defined in the given string
Writes the specified kml as a linked list to the specified file.
Gets the destinationfilepath value for this CodeSource.
Asynchronously get users and groups from the server
; }
Generate a list of the default headers
Clear all elements from the page.
send the http request and get the future for the response
Register a new client and broadcast the new client list
Parse the RDF data from the supplied InputStream to the RDF model.
Try to parse the date with the given date formats.
Remove a key and value pair
Find all loops in the code.
Generate the hive test files to make the contents of the temporary directory.
Rename an editor panel in the menu
Check whether the column fits as a single line.
Override to set up your specific external resource.
Convert coord vector from spherical coordinates to world coordinates.
Replaces each substring of this string that matches the specified replacement sequence with the specified replacement sequence.
Url encode a string.
Draws the specified rendered image.
Skip to the end of the current line.
Creates a new independence test instance for a subset of the variables
Read the seeds from the given file and announce them to the announcer.
Formats a number of milliseconds into a string.
Add property change listener.
Creates a new subfolder of this folder.
Add a typed array to the resourcespoet
Add a sub - action
Fills the entry tree map with entries from the block.
Return true if left contains any ID in right.
Check that the duration is in the expected range and throw an exception if it is.
prints out a logdiff message.
add new image for fieldframebody
Creates an abstract resource using the current time as the timestamp.
Parse the arguments and store the parameters in a hashtable
Calculate the meltolin frequency from the input frequency.
icon generator using rounddicongenerator
Generates a number of random bytes
Return a string representation of the current state.
Copy buf to mmessage.
Checks if the entry has expired.
put a boolean value to the object
Method to write an attribute to the xml stream.
selection in the list.
Can the given depreciation work file be invoked?
Write the header to the outputstream.
Get response as a byte array.
Starts fading out all layers.
Not supported.
addtextchangelistener to the filter query change listener.
Returns an iterator of the profiles contained in this registry.
Checks if the string starts with a space.
Wrap a path in a uri.
Returns the index of the level the key belongs to.
Invoked when a mouse button is pressed on a component.
Initialize the caching httpheaders filter and add it to the servlet context.
add a common component to the document
Await for fulfillment or abort.
Reload the data from the given dataset.
Reads a single character.
Check if the healthcheck is disabled.
Write the string to the file.
Make a tree of writables from a flat data set
Calculate the angle between two points
Create an inmemory cursor that uses the given column names.
Check if the object is enabled.
Render the drag foreground if necessary.
creates a new modbusserialtransaction which can be used to send messages to this transport.
Starts the progress bar client.
Export a java object to the current class.
Create the dbffdc directory if it does not exist yet.
Reads a charactersized string from the inputstream.
Traverse the query tree and process all of the children.
Initialize the message list.
Initialize persistedqueue instance.
Writes the objects to the stringbuilder. The stringbuilder is used for the output.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
Creates a new Request configured to publish an Open Graph action.
Shows the loading state of the progress view
read data from a stream
Method to compute the median absolute deviation of a set of numbers.
Constructs a new exception with the specified root cause.
Links node as first element or returns false if full.
Notifies all registered listeners of a property change.
True if the specified template is supposed to indicate dirtyread.
Creates a new instance of jvalueslider
Apply graphic attributes to the symbol
Increase the idle count for the given status.
Instantiates a new remoteservicedescriptor.
only called by parcelfiledescriptor
Start the server and wait for it to be fully started.
True if the result set is complete.
qrcode with the specified string of the contents
Writes ints from an array of ints to the internal buffer.
Sets a header for the request.
This is called when the UI is loaded from the resource bundle.
generate the extensionmanager for an extension
Submit a task for execution.
Checks the validity of a bucket name.
Validate a usernamespaceauthorizationcreaterequest. This method also trims the request parameters.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Calculate the derived statistics
Checks if the consistency group can be deleted.
Close the closeable quietly. If the closeable is null nothing is done.
Receive a message from the queue but do not wait for a response.
Removes the range from the list.
Refills the input buffer.
Stop the bookie cluster and clean up all the temporary files.
This method adds a new criteria to the OR group
release all selections of a set of items
Create a mapping table to map each hub to the index of its link.
Delete a load name from the load name list
Validates the compute name.
Convert an intarraytag to a string.
Removes the specified argument from the list and returns the insertion index.
Replace the policy represented by the oldpolicy with the new policy and add the new one.
Initializes an atomic double array of specified length
Copies a file from one place to another. This is similar to a Unix COPY command
Recompute the separation of cluster means.
If the input image is a square then the input image is returned. Otherwise a new image is
( ) ;
Minimal implementation of writestartelement.
Adds a new process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
; }
config for commonturnoutoperation
Generate a salt for use with the bcrypt password.
Draws the description for the axis.
Parses a byte freespace.
Find the interlanguage link of the page.
Update the actions depending on the state of the address space.
Create a parallel flux stream from the given source publisher with the specified parallelism and default buffer
Clean a directory without deleting it.
Adds a gumball to the game and plays the soundpool drop.
Adds a segment to the recycle bin returning the number of items actually added.
Delete a row in the table when the foreign key is restricted by a set of columns.
Returns a channel for a topic and payload.
change the size of the plapoint
Insert a new row into the block.
Adds the default deployment URI to the URI encoded list.
Transfer a range of sequences.
Calculates the distance of a point p to a line segment perpendicular to the line
Make a copy of this biginteger.
Runs the test case.
The ID of the patch fix ids.
Use this to read fully from a byte array
Uses the build version to check if the device is a jellybean or later
Instantiates a new partial correlation pdf.
Returns true if the system is enabled.
Validates the message and returns whether it is valid.
Add an actionlistener to responsecode events
Calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
Returns true if the automaton has any dead states from the initial. The automaton must be empty.
Subtract another decimal from this one and return the result. If the given decimal is in this
Determine if two knowledgeedge objects are equal.
Reads characters from reader until the first character is the requested character or the end of the line
List all volumes in a Docker container.
Creates a bytebuffer from a base64 encoded string.
Advances the progress by one step.
Reads characters from the stream and appends them to the stringbuilder.
signaturefakingoracle is used to parse the input document and build the signature elements data structure
Build an arbitrary length path node.
add changing listener
Scan a number in a YAML directive.
Convert an int array to a bit string
Convert to signed 16 bit samples bytebuffer.
check if a token is valid or not
This method is used to write an attribute to the XML stream.
Expand all paths of the tree
Produce a description of the vocabularies given a dataset and a set of counts for
invokeany ( c ) throws NullPointerException if c has nullpointerexception
} }
Generates a list of X values from a range of the string.
test negative number of different signs
Add an attribute to a service.
Creates a new querystring decoder util for the given URI.
Convert RGB color to CMYK color.
Show the specified error message.
Parses a name value pair.
Removes all characters in string bag from string s.
Get the cosine of the specified radians.
Destroy all fragments and loaders.
Removes a vetoablechangelistener from the given property name.
Checks if a file exists.
Create a windowsfileattributes from a WIN32_FIND_DATA structure
callback from xmlserializer
send an event to the rippler pane if it wasn t consumed
Decide if the specified entry should be considered full.
True if the resource is a module
Write an annotation to the stream.
Converts an inet4address to its corresponding long representation.
Determines whether a revision contains a template the name of which equals a given name.
Get all account info requests from the given from date.
Returns a new stringlist that is the concatenation of this stringlist and the strings in the specified
Walk parse tree.
Reads a character.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Split a word in two words if the word is in the dictionary.
Checks if the given URL is a booksearch URL.
Returns a full path to the given classname.
Removes the given title prefix.
Send a message to a set of recipients.
This method is used by the service evaluator to determine if the object is relevant to the current service
Tests for equality when both values may be null.
Find the car with the specified road number.
Convert a class name to a descriptor.
Calculates the average precision of the precision r of y.
Finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed.
Close the stream. This method does not block.
Remove an oma download from the shared preferences.
Return true if the local properties file contains the androidsdkdir.
Checks if the given bundle contains token information.
Reset the policy to the default values.
Test if a connection to the event is allowed.
Raises the X and Y values of a vector by a power.
Invoke a static method.
Load a lua script from the inputstream. Return the function if it exists or null if it
Adds a button to the panel.
Maps a request to a set of responses
Commit to input widget.
Splits a string into an array using a separator.
Inserts an instruction before another instruction.
java. lang. Object newinstance
Creates a new instance of formatspecifierparser.
Concatenates the given iterator together with a separator and appends the result to the given string
Returns true if the queue is full.
Schedules a playlist save task if the playlist is not loading.
True if any of the variables in this record have to be read.
This method is called when the user performs some action.
Convert the matrix to a string
Convert an int to an integer. Deprecated since v8.
Send a verbose log message.
Save all the indexes to disk
Compute the score for a match with e errors and x location.
if deltaY > 0 move the content down
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this map. These mappings will replace any
Inserts a string into the document at the specified position.
Returns a string representation of the current value.
Writes the data to the socket.
Copy input to output and close the output stream before returning
checkbookiesup returns the number of items in the most recent count bookies up to the
Inversetransform a point using the current transformation matrix.
Asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular throwable is available
Write a packet to the stream.
Process an attribute string of type T_BOOLEAN into a boolean value.
Load RMA data
Filter the query result to only return workorders that are valid for billing.
Calculate the week of the year from a time.
Instantiates a new resource queue.
Encode a certificate request and sign it with a signature.
Schedule a task to occur at fixed rate.
Abbreviate a string using the specified font metrics and width.
stops the wraparound timer
Throw an exception if the row index is out of bounds.
Removes all symbols from the symbol table.
Determine theenemyblitz strength of the enemy.
Returns a new name equal to this name but with the specified identifier.
Attempts to parse a date using the configured datetime formatter.
Return a string representation of the message.
Checks whether the character is a whitespace character.
Removes a filter from the pipeline.
Remove the classifiers at the given indices.
Add a property change listener
Number of checkpoints in the system
Add an object to the list
add listen urls.
Adds a list of virtual arrays to be assigned to the model.
Override iscelleditable to know whether the value of the cell at the specified row and column
Trash the rootdragged block.
Concatenates a number of arrays into a single list
Returns a DAGIterator for the pattern.
Validates a custom catalog parameter.
construct a new functionexecutionpooledexecutor
True if this is an SSDP discovery request.
Add the child component at the given index.
Restore the sorting selection.
Allocates a new byte array and copies all data that has been written to this buffer to
Clean after each test.
Consumes the specified number of events using the supplied event predicate.
Updates the UI from the given intent command.
zero to zero should return the same value
Generate a random number from a Gaussian distribution with given mean and standard deviation
Compute overscroll percent.
Creates a new ivector of size c.
process the invite request.
Get or create a logger.
Read the receive delay from the statustext
write indent.
Returns the hash code for this set. Two set which are equal must return the same value.
Parse a string representation of an integer value.
Is the current node an invalid node?
Generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
} }
Remove a batchclustererlistener
Create a new instance of heldlocksgrant with the same grantid and expirationdatems as
removes an object from the set of known objects
Wrap an array of bytes in a heapbytesstore.
private static final int DEPTH = 8 ;
long with sign bit
Inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver. Shifts the element currently
Increases the number of entries by a factor of _num.
Construct a sidedplane from a pair of vectors describing the side of a plane.
Checks whether the pushback inputstream is gzip compressed.
Insert an operation into the code.
Clears the internals state.
Register a decayable object
Checks if the expected output contains the given string.
Removes the classname from the cache.
a failed stage throws a cfexception
Render the spectrum as a set of patches.
This method is called when the classloader is being destroyed.
delete the specified attachmentpoint from the message
number of files that were not reused
md5model is assumed to be a md5model md5animmodel is an object with
Deletes the given assignment for the given user.
Format a date or a time object into a time string.
Atomically sets the waitstatus if the current status == the expected status ; if the current status
Creates a new threaddump instance and returns it.
Starts the output stream if necessary.
Checks if the input matches the filter.
Removes and returns first element or null if empty.
private static final boolean _bool = true ;
Returns thestderr of the estimate for the intercept.
Looks up missing values in the database and creates new ones.
Normalise the path.
This method can be called from any thread
Replace the hidden dir macro of the given filename.
Attempt to push the current buffer onto the publication queue.
Updates the value of this combobox based on the provided object
Returns true if the current position has a next object.
Appends the parameter signature to the given stringbuilder. The signature is defined by the type and
Complete the heartbeat of the event in the database.
Decrypt a ciphertext using the key we were initialised with.
Load the private key from the specified file
Removes a listener for snapshot categories
This method determines if the current certificate has a critical extension that is not supported by the protocol.
check if the specified string is not in the array
Perform a deep copy of the node and import it into the new node.
destroy the current secp256k1 context
Initialize the system. This is called by the ZK
Split a shard into a list of URLs. Shuffle the URLs in the list if
Return a inputstreamreader that reads from this inputstream.
To zlib.
Adds a new vertex to the graph identified by the given id.
configure local services
Returns the index of the specified character sequence starting at the specified index.
Appends the specified string to this sequence.
push a new value into the specified variable
Returns a string representation of the values contained in this instance
Creates a new column descriptor instance for the given column name and jdbc type.
Filter the current list of year strings to only those specified in the _str parameter that match the
Creates a new dataproviderevent.
Validates the given bean and returns a list of messages describing the errors.
smart insert after bracket
Attempts to choose the formatting pattern to use. If no formatting pattern can be found we try
Fill Picks.
creates a copy of the fieldconfigbase
new biginteger ( int n, byte [ ] zero ) ;
Cast the object to a value of the given type.
Delete a file or directory. If it is a directory delete it recursively.
Initialize this SortKeyStep.
Draw the annotation in the editor window.
Adds an ipoint to this sequence.
Load a configuration from a properties - file reader.
Adds an item to the list.
Adds an annotation to the XML file.
Read a boolean.
Returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
natural logarithm of gamma function.
Start the ticker
Returns the value of the specified ciphersuite with the specified id.
Create a pendingactioncontext object.
Display the droidsafe text markers for the provided class in the provided editor part.
Add the FQN of the class referenced by the new expression to the hashset.
Finds the three largest and the three largest.
Verify a log record at a specific MAC position. The record MAC position is specified by the index
Copies the given transferable to the system clipboard
Calculates the percentage of the file to download and returns the formatted string.
Updates the actions in the textfield based on the current selection.
Returns an unmodifiable copy of the provided collection.
Adds all hex images to the tracker
Parse the given simple text string and return the corresponding date
This method checks if the supplied information matches the supplied information.
Power on selftest each of the waveformsynthesizers
Starting from the given quadedge fetch all of the triangles that need to be visited.
Method enginegeneratecrls
delete the entity configuration of the given federation
shared instance for all datasources
produce a colored tag string
This method generates the definition xml file for a cache.
Extract the id from the request pathinfo
Uncompress the contents of the internal buffer.
Populates the statistics handler with the statistics information from the file and passes it to the given
Closes this reader. This implementation closes the source reader and releases the pushback buffer.
Compare the remaining bytes of this buffer to another charbuffer s remaining bytes.
writes the header of urbansim zone csv file
just need to add the unique values to aggval
This method extracts policy notification from the notification. xml file.
Force buffered operations to the filesystem.
Find a parcel by it s class name.
Decodes a field name from an XML field name.
Is loginset boolean.
Add a content item.
Canonicalizes a class name by replacing special characters with underscores and removing quotes.
Pause for the specified number of milliseconds.
Gets the value of the highlightwithinvisibleedge property.
the job that will be started when cancelling.
Removes wheel changing listener
Generates the fields by concatenating the field names of the used elements.
Checks if the dialog is currently flying.
Initializes the socket factory and network socket factory.
Removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the DOTALL option
Consume nested overscroll
Retrieves waypoints matching the given query from the database.
Releases the resources associated with this instance.
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Adds a new value for the specified option.
{ } }
Create a new file as a channel attachment.
Adds a parameter to the function parameter list.
jsonelement as a jsonobject
Check if fullcopy is restorable.
read qdstrings
Returns true if the buffer is too large.
Reset the index buffer time to the current time.
throws Exception ;
Check external storage and notify about failure
Returns the plural or singular form of the given noun depending on the quantity.
verify the signature of an XML element using the default id attribute and the alias provided
Add a video to the dataset
Determines if the specified coordinate is in the horizontal target zone for a slider.
read transportsystems records from file.
True if the address has a prefix. False otherwise.
Reload the shared main hash table.
add a new item in a multifield configuration
Returns the number of fields in this object.
generate array of n d - 1 distributed random hyperpoints
Parse the parameters to extract values.
Adds a new http session token for a particular site.
Deserializes a gradle distribution from a string.
meters to pixels
Sends a range of bytes through a data socket.
push a new basecontext onto the stack
Show the history picker if the user is in custom action mode
Use the contents of a file as the header to construct a fst instance.
Normalize the input array using the Z - Score method.
Adds a location to the table viewer.
Creates a javaformatter with the given options.
Encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset. Unsafe characters are
Check if a path needs to be preloaded. If the last path has not been preloaded
Is input column name allowed.
Parse a color from a hex string
Add a property change listener.
Test empty or null blob.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This call is thread safe.
Subtract two numbers of different length and different signs. The first is positive. The second is
Restore the model from a file.
Wait for the data to be available.
Adds a single value to the window function using the Blackmanharris 4 smin method.
Calculates the checksum of the given key using the current hash function.
Return the hash code for the nickname.
Increment the number of received packets. Decrement the number of received packets if the number of packets
Parse the given text into a sentence.
The directory to use for the data files.
{ }
Check if the element can contain a prosodicposition of the given type.
Convert a string containing a bigdecimal to a bigdecimal.
Register the operators defined in the given XML file.
do permission work before android m
Delete a set of subgroup containers.
create a new glowtask
Initialize the abstract compiler.
; }
Send next byte
Encode a serializable object as a base64 string
Creates an image method and returns the content provided by the call.
Add a list of profile to the header
Returns true if the argument is a valid Java identifier name.
Compare two unsigned longs.
Move a single node.
Create a list from passed objX parameters
Adds a macro record to this text area.
Add an email to the user.
Finds the best hash provider for the given parameters.
Read a fixed size of bytes from the stream.
Using sorting.
Loads the addressbook from the specified file.
remove an item at the given position within the existing icons
Encode the list of types and add them to the map.
Clears the internal state of the assertion information.
Add operation results to the array to be returned.
generate branchplan operator for akiban table
Add a node port tuple to the maintenance queue
The start stack offset of the stack.
Determine if this mimetype matches another mimetype.
Override isarmed to return true if the other component is armed.
Set the valid encoding and decoder state in a range.
Is javascript enabled boolean.
check equality with another object
Returns the name of the element.
md5 checksum
Checks a skinspec. xml file to see if it is a valid skin XML file.
Inserts the string representation of an object into this strbuilder inserting the object at the specified
Draw a tooltip when the mouse is moved
Load a randomaccess file from an unpacked umd.
If the block object is a volume and the storage system supports compression return true if the block object
Return the position of a rhumbend or rhumbend on a unit sphere with
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array or - 1 if the
Calculates the maximum layout size for the given container.
Read a text stream into a single string.
Update the moving average with a new value.
Log the expiration of the entry.
Remove a ripple from the animating ripple list.
Writes the text to the output.
This method consumes a specified number of records from the Kafka topic.
Checks for equality using the equals method of the size.
Compare two version strings and return the lexicographical order
Checks to see if the passed in vector is a valid vector for the image
Determine if the type is an obsessional type.
This method is called when the dccthrottle is set to change the locospeed
Removes the first occurrence of the targetchild from the list.
Notifies all class observers of the given class descriptor.
Generates a DUP2 instruction.
mime is appxml or not
Returns a new nativepage for the given url.
Throw a parseexception
Creates a new instance of customeditor
Creates a new memoidone op with the specified function and equality.
EPTYPE for a singlevalue of a class
convert fieldtype to class
Add a new XML element after a specified DTD token index.
Finds all the parents of a node.
dictionary ( directory tempdir string list of inputstreams )
Remove a building and its buildings from the model.
Handler for detaching an ISO from a VM.
Reads an NFC error message from the reply.
Show or hide the pie.
persist or persist the authnprovider and notify of authnprovider change
add an undoableaction to the undo stack
Create a list from an array of ints.
Adds a ping time sample to the moving average.
Append the body encoding to the given stringbuilder.
Tears down the data source.
Get a substring from the string
Remove a customsashform listener
Writes a string to a file using the default encoding for the VM
Delete the given variables for the given session
Returns the string representation of the date.
Closes the stream. If the stream has more data to be written to the buffer than the
Convert a string to an integer.
Writes the entire ResultSet to a CSV file.
And for two numbers of different signs and different numbers
verify the fields of an idevice
Add a window to the rule.
Returns a hashtable of all intersections of the elements contained in the specified iterator.
Gets the value of the ttfnativefont property.
Registers all provider macros found in the dev machine.
Creates a new hash map with the specified initial capacity and load factor.
BER - encoded set.
Populate a stream blob with the given base content.
The sign from bit in anticyclic order
Adds a near key to the keycache.
analyze class fields
Returns true if the specified log level is enabled.
Show a progress dialog and load all dump of the stack.
Tests the behaviour of the method in the case where the attributenodens method differs from set
Gets the value of the critical flag.
Finds the name of the first edittable.
Writes the operation Car file to the disk
check if this node has new followers
On track point element start.
Fire the given property change event.
Checks that a the given substring is a valid internal name.
Sort a list of fieldbindings
Draw the background of the view.
Add a unique attribute to the given element name. If the element name and attribute name are both
Check a deletevmresponse.
Run the test case.
limit the maximum scale and translation of a matrix
The value factory.
Creates a new statefulrefreshtoken from the given token.
Put a new style into the library.
Extracts the client name from the clientid and the host
Construct a fastfuture from an existing completablefuture
Checks if an inventoryaction is a place action.
Add view to cache.
Reads the inputstream to a byte array
play media file
Convert a string to a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Encodes cacheflags.
Adds a new data source to the model.
Add a new data value to the moving average with the added weight
Build a checkbox row.
Format a date and return a formatted string.
Check if a given group is a childgroup of another group
Throws an exception indicating an item index out of bounds.
Create the locusinfo object for the next uncovered locus after a stop before locus
This method is called when the global configuration of a service changes.
Launch an email intent if the number of registered activities matches the number of registered activities
Returns the number of items in the queue.
Add a new item at the specified position
Add a translator for a class. This translator will be started when the class is loaded.
Writes a string to the underlying output stream using little endian
Reads a line.
Checks if the text matches the regex.
Writes the current state of the grid to a file.
Add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list. If addFooterView is called
Add a close hook.
The rejected execution method is called if the executor is not shut down.
Updates the range on each axis.
check if the sequence is a standard UPCEAN checksum
Loads the configuration from the given file.
trading bonus.
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Combine all traces into a single tracelist.
interrupt all running threads
This method registers all deviceservices known to the system as DeviceServices with the discovery provider.
Look for swcdependlocations in dependencymap and remove those that are subsets of sw
Draw the tick marks on the axis.
Return a bifunction that applies an insertion policy to all tuples.
test search with a spring search
Create a number from a string value and radix 8.
Determine if the character is in the specified encoding.
delete the specified distinguished name
Removes all highlights that have been added to the text area.
Populate the worklist with all successors of the given block unless they are already present in
Add a role to the server.
Creates a new cmodulescheckboxpanel.
Create a GMT date from the local time.
notifies the synchronous protocol that a response has been sent to the peer.
Build a tuple of blobstore index shard snapshots and the latest snapshot number from a map of
Create a reply to a forum post.
Check if the other side is armed.
Returns a new instance of attribkey for an element in HTML HTML.
Specialized version of sparsearray for matrix and vector data.
Get the Tuple with the maximum data field value.
Updates the enabled state of the radio links.
Returns a string representation of the two specified integer ids.
Reset the statistics in this cache.
test other to string using default
Removes the item at the given index.
shiftright of a negative number
Show the filter dialog.
Calculates the number of pixels between two given points.
Returns true if the formobject allows a popup. This is the case if the formobject is
Creates a new localgitrepo based on the current directory.
Returns the minimum of the two vectors.
Add a test method call.
Serialize this object and all of its contents to a serializer.
Verify the blockmirror migration from the list of uris.
Sets the logger to be used to format log messages. If the logger is null then use the
Remove a text listener
Creates an IDP entity descriptor for the given tenant
Clears the buffer and resets the state to the initial state.
Apply the camera settings.
Creates a resultset containing a single column for the point.
add to existing volumes if the volume is absent and the user has not added it yet
Create a temporary file that will be removed when it is closed.
Partitions a collection of annotations into subsets of targettypes. If unmatched is null all annotations
Loads the contents of the file into the buffer.
handle adding or subtracting HP changes.
Resolve a template name to a file object.
Init the tooltip
Decodes a backslash encoded string array.
compute the current angle offset
The bitmap of ignored signals, displayed as a decimal number. Obsolete for numbers that
Generates a random seed from the current time in nanoseconds.
Render a valueexpr as string
Stop sampling if the number of samples is equal to the number of Samples to be stopped.
Reverse the order of the points in the provided list.
create a new dsigncsr dialog for the dialogs
Initialize the factory.
Awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout.
Clamp the given value to the given range.
Parse volume host directory string
Format a time value.
Returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector.
Right justify a string.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to this list.
from interface DefaultApplicationState. Override for specific types of updates
This method converts a string into its UTF8 representation. The resulting byte array is a small enough
Convert a map to a list of pairs
Validates the given label.
add message observer for broadcast events
Shows the dialog with the given character as the initial character.
Convert a byte to hex digit and write to the supplied buffer
Removes the element at the specified position in the list. Shifts any subsequent elements to the
Generate a random double vector with the given mean and standard deviation.
This method is called when a warning is encountered.
Checks if a given name is a known sub name
Compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ).
Return true if the value is in the column for the current row.
Returns the size of all files in the directory.
Returns true if the specified bit is set in the searchlight bits
Creates a new agefilefilter that optionally accepts older files as long as the cutoff time is greater
Calculate the number of major ticks and number of minor ticks based on the current maxtick and min
Moves the cursor to the next record in the result set.
Associates the specified value with the specified attribute in the specified sample. If the new value is null
Unset ordering.
Parses a swf file and converts it to HTML.
method to write a class file to a file
Initializes a new connection to the given peer.
Convert an array to a vector
Notifies all registered listeners of the new version
accept a drop operation
Clear the Criteria object for reuse
Returns a string representation of this element.
Returns the date the file was modified
Import PKCS # 8 file.
This is the entry point for this class.
Check if the engine is a valid engine.
Asserts that two floats are equal concerning a positive delta. If the expected value is
Contribution to frequency domain using cosine frequency grid
Load properties from a properties file.
Find all occurrences of the pattern in the text and replace them with the replacement.
List all hosts for a given service
Concatenate this stream with the specified stream.
Reads the object from the given input stream.
Creates a new item label generator using default number formatters.
Creates a new vector based on a direction.
Returns the adjusted power of 10 which is the given value raised to the power of 10.
Clear all the items in the map
Is last invoice Costing Method
Set the proxy port.
Parses the cluster name from a cluster CG name.
Fetch my service cards from server
initializes the dialog with the rsa public key
Samples a conditional migration event.
Determines if the object value is an attribute.
Decode an ASCII string from a key.
This method is called when the user selects a new operator in the tree.
Remove a property change listener.
Transfer a node to the wait queue after a cancelled wait. Returns true if the node was transferring
Creates a share intent
creates a new atomic integer fieldupdater.
Internal conversion. This is needed to support the current SpringBoot actuator AuditEventRepository interface
Operation : [ < Rn > ], +/- < Rm >, LSR
Build a rowlimitspec from a given context
First common layer between this brditem and another.
Removes the specified number of items from the stack.
Save all the indexes that have changed since the last save.
Insert an artist into the list at a specific position
Asynchronously executes a command with arguments.
expand and select a location if it exists
Advance to the next token.
Save the provisioning validity in shared preferences
DER encode this extension value to an outputstream.
Create a cluster in the specified project.
Get the dereferencealiasespolicy for a given integer.
Use the getnameditemns method to retrieve an attribute with the same name.
Write a string to the packetstream escaping characters if needed.
Adds a new read to the index.
Calculate the message digest using the doubledigest method.
Add a property type to a property.
Asserts that two objects are equal. If one is null it is considered equal.
This method returns the string representation of the given instruction write actions.
overridden in TCCL
Encodes a byte array into Base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
private int _str ;
Little - endian or intel format.
shiftright of a negative number
Resolve the given class from the given dex file.
Return the logout response URL for a given tenant.
Asserts that the component with the given label has the given text.
Interpolate a list of pathdatanodes.
Initialize the tokenizer
We have received an illegal message. Throw the exception if we have to.
this is the main loop for the threadpool
Read a block of data from the POJO.
Attempt to lock the outputstream if the lock is available
Open the datagram connection
Returns the globalinfo of the path.
Execute a spark script.
Disable a certain richformatter feature
Remove an event listener from the dispatcher.
Returns the python time in seconds.
Add a list of items to the list.
If the given name is a keyword returns the value of the keyword.
Static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance.
Generate and return the list of statements to drop a database table.
Whether the queue is locked.
The guest time of the process.
Recursive method to create a class from a class name
Method to reset the notes error after error display
Set the ticks on a SCEPSP frame
Writes a charsequence to a file creating the string as the string.
Populate the navigation drawer with the items.
Run the test case.
Returns a byte array containing the values of the given byte array.
Record audit log for the home agent
Returns the arithmetic mean of the values in the specified range of values.
Constructs a NTP time string from a Java date.
Figure out the best fit for the request based on the acceptable and producible mediatypes
Paint the popup menu border.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
This method will be called when a buffer is no longer needed and when it is no longer needed
Adds a directory to the class loader.
test if string is minesh after present
Tests the equality of two bubblexyitemlabelgenerator objects for equality.
True if the given node has an element child.
Delete the item at the specified index.
Get count of all CSS primitive property names.
Prints a string to the stream.
Check user permission for the given object and throw accessdeniedexceptions if one occurred.
Display all string defined in string xml
Create map activity intent
Generate the filter and expand parameters.
Write the given bitmap to the exif output stream.
Removes an attribute from the list.
Extract class name from a field signature.
Paint the actual image using the renderer s background
Starts the camera.
Clears all the accumulated values.
Partition the vector list into chunks of approximately equal sized chunks
Updates the UI of the given window and all its children.
Clear the results from the search
Find all the widgets in the given widget container which overlap the supplied rectangle.
Prints a symbol. The symbol will be quoted if necessary.
make a new shoppingcartitem with the given parameters
Returns the string representation of the model
Sets the border text.
Adds the classes to the result. If the classes are absent it is logged.
Resets the references for this manager.
Decodes a byte array containing an MPI encoded integer.
This method is called when the schema of a particular service is changed.
Do a sort on the given node.
Parse a datetime from a string.
Adds the specified message to the serial message queue.
string to dbid.
Writes a short to the underlying stream.
Prints a long followed by a newline.
create a new thriftservicemetadata instance for the specified service type
Create a writable raster that uses bytepacking if possible.
constructs a response from an invalid entity exception
Check the start block.
Initialize the TransformerFactory with a new url.
Is the dnsincoming message suppressed by this handler?
Convert a map to a properties object.
Uses the SELECT query and returns the first node that matches the query.
Returns a stringarray from a properties object with the given name.
Compare two locales and return the number of differences
Read a resultset from a prepared statement.
Add the given value to the list if it is not already present.
Check the equality of another msort object.
Finish a transaction.
Creates new ccrossreferencespanel
Doubles the capacity of the list.
change openamdebugfolder to newopenamdebugfolder
Compute full url.
Read the manifest from the jar.
This method converts an array of referencebinding objects into a corresponding array of referencebinding objects.
Adds the given column to the table at the given position.
Read the ORF data from the stream.
Remove a display from the panel
Generate the next Gaussian deviate.
Fire a irunningquery event to all registered listeners
Update the port of the contact header
create a new instance with default configuration
Add a new local cache entry.
create a new feature for each vertex in the state
bsbm with no solutions
Delete a file and print a warning if deletion fails.
Removes an existing value from the series.
Add a new group member.
Creates a new logger for the given name and resource bundle name.
Increment the value of a bin.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving a single parameter to the calling method.
Copies all of the fields in the specified map to this document.
Checks if a list of strings contains a string ignoring case.
Method to compute the median absolute deviation of a set of numbers.
Initialize a list of known plugins.
Stop the current session.
Sets the keepalive.
Creates a new Request configured to upload a photo to the user s default photo album. The photo
private static final int _num = 0 ;
Create a multicast socket.
} } }
validate the will flag
create a new BER inputstream from an asn1cryptor inputstream
Returns the next member after the current one.
Produce a. line suffix.
; }
add url to be loaded
Adds all values from the given fields of the document to this document.
Instantiates a new appraise git review client.
Create a new rootblockview over the given buffer.
Create soap request soap request.
Check that all public enum constants are included or excluded
Return the host as a URI.
Test that wildcards do not need two dots.
Checks if the given file is in the target directory.
Skips any character in the specified character sequence
Removes all elements from the array in the specified collection.
Atomically sets the tail of the queue to the given updated node if the expected node is less
Create a phone instance with the specified value.
Load the resource bundle with the given name.
Method to return a set of uris for all remote pools which are associated with the provided remote
Convert to HTML.
Adds a new filelock to the list of locks.
Evaluates the UF7 problem.
Reload the model with a new value.
Convert a move object to a UCI string.
Creates an accelerated image from this component and the given width and height.
Display the state of the parsing.
Writes a string to a writer.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least n characters without growing
Decrement the reference count for the shared reference. If the reference count drops to zero then
Convert a x500principal into an x500name.
Assert a resource is described in the describe cache
Is the field a flat type.
Builds a list of text items to show in the list of networks the user can use in
Evaluate a postfix - ordered binary expression.
Add all data series to the plot.
Exit the program with an optional error message and options.
Compares two splitemittedterms.
Merge the bounds of two aabbs.
Generate the autotag for a stacktrace element.
This method flushes any pending events, which can be startDocument or endDocument events.
init method adds all views to the list of Views.
Constructs an extendedtype instance with the specified type namespace and localname.
Validate some assumptions about the new addition of a path to a given owner.
start the consumer
Undoes the last action.
Remove a column from the table
Returns a string summarizing the contents of the table
Peeks at the next sample.
Below method will be used to process the block
Returns the hashcode for the condition
This method iterates through all elements of the AcctSchema and attempts to balance each element type
Creates a new annotation drawer.
check if there are user partitions
Insert a new string into the document at a given offset. The offset of the inserted string will
Reads a code point.
Put an int value out to the specified byte array position.
Creates an item with a label and a symbol
{
Consume a number from the stream
Adds an outer join qualifier to the from clause.
PKCS12 Encode a string into an array of file objects
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is
Add a new swipe listener.
Returns the number of patterns in the matcher.
Writes an unsigned 8 bit integer to the given outputstream
Add two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the second
Add a header to the request.
Store the certificate in the underlying keystore.
Appends the base type to the pointer hierarchy.
Sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
Returns a string representation of this similarity measure. The format of the string is the same as that
Returns the last value in the stream.
Causes the current thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds. If the current thread
Find the index of the given node.
Checks whether the given modifier bitmap implies package access.
Write the gathered data tab - separated into a file.
Constructor for the managed window decorator class.
Write a byte array to the stream.
Send a debug log message if logging is enabled.
Process updates from an incoming queue of device updates and notifies listeners of the updates.
Handles the case where the remote can rebalance.
Convert a file to a sldfile.
Insert the properties into the template.
Change the font style of a component
Draw the contours of an image with a given color
save x509cert to file
Clear the central position changed listener
Invoke a static method.
True if the fill below the line should be displayed
Called when the patch service is done with the result of the service upgrade.
Find a field by its thrift id
Checks if a packet is a Stanza.
execute javascript and reset forms values
Check if a new version of the bean is newer than the existing bean
Clear the scope of the given view map.
Load logical tables based on the names and granularities of the groups
Read a block of data from the input stream
Add a new subscription
Creates an x509certpathimpl from a list of certificates.
Process the given XML string.
The consultopologyfraction resource
Build the qualifier regular expression.
Shorten a name so that the number of characters specified will fit the desired length.
Blend the two supplied colors with the specified weight.
The current value of the kst_keip field as a long.
Decides which UI to use and what look and feelel to use.
Convert an image to a bufferedimage of the specified type.
Consume an array value
Returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type.
Remove a listener for sensors election events.
Writes a character.
dexclassloader = null ;
Register a new manager.
Convert an hour minute and second to a SQL time
Initialize the keystore for a particular log.
This method convert image byte array to platform image byte array.
Clean folder stacking markers from a filename
Discard a service registration.
Returns true if the given state is a final state.
Generate a sequence of numscale markers.
Write a fig tree block.
Gets a hash code for this RtfFont.
Compares the specified object with this map for equality.
Notifies the DTD that the document is to be declared.
Write the jpeg data to the exif data file.
Start a database clean up after a system failure.
newmethodarginvalidvalueexception template exception
This will try to do the zlib compression on the given string and return a compressed byte array
Loads the mapping between the extension and the mimetype.
Receive notification of the beginning of a DTD.
Convert the timestamp to the configured timestamp format.
Encode a byte array as a base 64 string.
Prints a double to the stream.
Return the string representation of the IP address.
Check if zkhost contains chroot.
Perform the given operation on the given database if the database exists.
Creates a hashcode based on the components of this URI and prefix.
Returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number.
Imports the specified trl into the current client.
Construct a result file reader for reading the specified result file.
called when the connection to the server failed
Returns true if the identifier should be excluded.
Determines whether the exception is a communication error.
Returns true if the server is unreliable.
Pushes a new type onto the output frame stack.
Get the max value plus one for a short
Notifies the listeners of a property change.
Percent encode a value.
Create database entities for storage policy testing
create a new page
add element to a map
save bootprop to a file
Append a record to the printstream.
Writes a timestamp to the output stream
Method to calculate the difference of two strings.
Choise the input string using the morpha algorithm.
Throws ausageexception if the file could not be deleted.
Return a path for a checkermark shape.
Initialize the DiskBasedCache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory. Creates the
Instantiates a new tcp channel client.
Cut the selected bean.
add a remover to removermanager
This method is called when an action is performed.
Add a new entry at the end of the list.
Resize our backing array so that it is of the correct size.
Constructs a new UUID from the given components.
Returns a prettyprinted string of the given number of spaces.
Renders the given handler to the response.
Constructs a TSDB metric name based on the current configuration of the tracer.
Registers a new selector and closes the existing selector if there is one.
Multiply two numbers of different length and different signs. The first is positive.
This method is called when a response is received from the client.
Execute a SQL SELECT query with the specified rowprocessor for each row in the result set and return
Returns the current time in nanoseconds since the epoch.
Test of clone method, of class com. ibm. ws. formats. Format.
Send a request to the server and return a future for the response.
Checks if a string is empty.
Enable a dependency of a capability
Extract the robot debug variables from a given stacktrace id
Add an integer to the resource.
Converts full - width letters in the text to half - width.
Fails if the elements in the collections are not equal.
Returns true if the given request method and response code have a response body.
Returns the number of messages that can be processed.
Adds the given value.
Should the action be executed.
Jumps to the next or previous word in the text. Stops when the cursor is
Handle or defer a message sent to the client.
Remove the specified volumes from the specified export groups.
Shutdown any open file handles.
Paint the icon at the specified location.
This method causes the image to be zoomed to a given position
Return a list of maps of shard IDs to channel IDs.
Tests if file f is hidden.
Check if a scrollview can scroll vertically in a certain direction.
Load the jar file and return a jarinfo object for it.
invalidate the title sortable
Adds a new row to the probability table. If the table already contains a probability for the same
Creates a JAR file with the given filename and content.
Go to a given day.
Returns true if the specified value is in the set.
Close a jdbc connection.
Add a message item details.
Add a colormap listener.
Compute the pdists of all the dbids in the dataset.
Appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end with the
get all files from the root of the file system
externalproblem }
Checks if a networkmonitor exists.
Adds multiple predicates to the conjunction.
Add a new roll of randomness to the collection.
checks whether the user options are in a canonical order.
Close the closeable quietly.
push encrypted message.
Returns a random integer between MIN inclusive and MAX inclusive.
striterator should be closed after the first iteration
push a drawlist to the queue
Populate the list of tasks to execute.
Get the Tuple with the maximum data field value.
get the clusterdefinitionstiptext value
test positive constructors for bigintegers
Start scrolling based on a fling gesture. The distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of
Adds a new listener to the navigator.
this method will close all open streams
Returns the patience of a user of the specified size with the binomial distribution.
Converts a 2 dimensional array into a list of series names
Reads characters into a portion of an array.
Send a FATAL ERROR log message
expand the number at a certain index in a number string
Compares two strings where either may be null.
Writes the clusters to a file.
check if all the directors are allocated
Stop the server and close the socket.
If the systemid is not absolute it will expand the base systemid to the user dir.
Free the memory used by the given dmessage.
Compare the contents of this builder with the contents of another builder ignoring case.
Convert a uuid of the form yyyymmdd to a long.
Add VM arguments.
Applies the filter to the given field.
Compare to a negative biginteger.
Make sure the activity has a screenshot
Unlink target volumes from an existing snapshot session.
Reverse the order of a directed edge list
Change a given number of steps to a single variable reference.
Reads a line.
Add to scene.
The URL of the home page of the user.
do we have taxonomy information?
Remove the listener from the current selection.
classnode n is the index of the classnode to replace
Handle the request to modify an entity.
Removes the largest key and associated value from the subtree rooted at x.
Removes all of the elements from this deque.
called when download progress is completed
create a new treenode and register it with the agent.
Constructs a week using the default time zone and locale.
Create the code attribute.
Use a file instead of stdout.
Read a class descriptor from the input stream.
Create a new file.
Or for zero and one
execute prepared statement.
Creates a new configuration object with the given parameters.
Throws a nullpointerexception if the string is empty.
cancel all unnamed tasks
Calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles.
Create a criteria object based on the filter criteria.
backslash has already been read when this is called
Update query and header parameters based on authentication settings.
Adds spaces around spans until the builder has fixed.
remove bookmark tracking icons from Guttericonimpl
Create a new simplemetricgroup having the given metrics.
Returns true if the given point is inside the polygon.
Resolve all the protocols.
Returns all non loopback and linklocal addresses on the system.
Calculate the caculate insample size
Check if the object has a certain status.
Returns a string representation of this classifier.
Computes the value of SSLv3 pseudo random function.
Adds a channelmap to this model
Adds an element to the queue.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in the objectcache. If the object is not associated
uidrange - > uidrange
Replace the suffix of the current string with the new one.
Executes the claimed task.
Creates the configuration directory if it does not exist already.
This method is called when the action is performed.
Loads the class from the classfile.
Returns an iterator over the targets of the job. The iterator cannot be used to iterate over all
Fit the size of the main content to the size of the scroll composite
Returns a hash code for this principal.
Build a map of the pool names to the index of the memorypools.
Use the resource String as the source of the text
create a horizontal separator
Add an object to the dataset
Builds the multimap from the specified results
generate a signature for the message we are currently expecting.
And for two negative numbers ; the first is longer
Writes bytes to the underlying stream.
This method is used to open a file using the existing intent. If the file doesn t exist
Converts a date String into a java. sql. date
Round the float value to the closest integer.
Create a plaintext from short text.
Copies this attribute and returns a new copy.
create api changes string for all component
Define a new example using the current thread.
Checks to see if a file or directory is writable. If a directory is specified it will be
Returns a string representation of the OID.
Reads the object to the stream.
skip ( long n ) method testing. Tests that the method correctly skips the bytes.
Adds a string to the string buffer.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Calculates the Cholesky decomposition of the given matrix.
This method computes all candidate crossings by traversing the cell containing the two given points
Find a field by its thrift id
repositorylocation ctor.
add a property to the carbon instance
Creates the tree of javaelementdeltas represented by the delta.
Returns the title of the page as a string
Returns the number of elements in the HashMap
Replace all occurences of a pattern in a string.
Is the given coordinate in the given zone?
Gets the associatortiptext value for this WebPageAssociation.
Construct a new xwaveslabelfilereader
Parse a double from a string using a default if the input is null or invalid.
Register a new application.
Sets the profile to the given value.
Prints a character.
Build all the block views for the block hierarchy.
Clear all trails for the specified token id. By default this is a no - op.
Creates new form dnetscapecarevocationurl
Parse a list of numbers.
exception for a directory or file not found exception
Randomly shuffle the array
parse a sip header from a string
Converts a color from RGB to linear RGB
record the beginning of a usage report.
Rotate the given point by the given number of degrees
Tells whether or not the given word is pronounceable.
Add split edges to the list
; }
Create a new membasedcache instance.
Update the maximum text widths.
Enable/disable the overview menu.
Overriden to set autozoom to true
Return a single page of collection results.
Makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
Add IDs for the query.
Stop the monitor with the given label.
This method is used to normalize an URL. The URL provided is assumed to contain the scheme and
Invoke the object with the given inputstreams and outputstreams
Commit the current local transaction if one exists.
Adds the object class to an entry if it does not already exist.
Populate the area list from the database
This method reads a name from the input stream.
Concatenates the specified character to the end of this simplestring.
Returns the logodds for a given probabilitiy.
Signal that the queue is not empty.
Fills the mary tree from the spectree
Returns the number of nodes in the tree.
Add a host to the blacklist with the given timeout.
Add a node to the cluster.
Recursively write this node and all its valid values to the outputstream.
Sigmoid function of the logistic distribution
insert or refresh kbucketentry.
Translate the current transformation matrix.
Write the font definition to the Object outputstream.
private static final int _str = 0 ;
Computes the volume of the overlapping box between two SpatialComparable objects
Handle the auto draw case.
Fills the buffer with at least the number of bytes specified.
This ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
Sort method descriptors.
Parse a property list into a Properties object
Checks whether the package contains the given annotation.
Build the tooltip for a container node
Removes the onitemclicklistener from the list of listeners for the given item
Find an item position that is selectable.
Pad a string to a given length by adding whitespace to the right.
Get matching rule names.
Checks whether the given class is cache - safe in the given classloader.
Copies the property table to a printstream.
Creates a new instance from its encoded and decoded versions.
Creates an array of epochmonths by adding epochday to each month in a year.
If the argument descriptor is a class descriptor returns the internal class descriptor. Otherwise returns the method descriptor
Register the given mbean with the given description.
Check the casting and casting after being unmarshalled.
Adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value.
Asynchronously perform a Stream collection
Convert an object to its equivalent message or enum.
Register a builder for a manufacturer specific manufacturer.
Creates a copy of the reilcode for a given instruction node.
This is a helper method that will apply any overrides found in the properties file to the current
Reads the contents of the reader as a string and returns it. The reader is closed before
Computes the number of letters in two lanes that are the same.
Forces overflow.
Finds index of the string. Returns - num if the string was not found.
Prepare the given operand for the OP_ADD operation
Use conquerrrownian bridge for the normal distribution.
Get the value of a document type as a Java type.
Merges two lists containing the coordinates of the first and the second.
Print an int to standard output and flush standard output.
Copy the text from the selection to the text field
Handle button1 request.
Build the description panel
Creates a new instance of httpmethodclient.
create a new iso9796d2psssigner
Decodes the text from the given buffer.
Extract values from a collection.
True if the current build is a zte build
This method normalizes a string to a specified encoding. The original string is returned as a new
Returns the node in the skiplist that is closest to the current node. This is used for
Gets the number of items in this result set.
Creates a line primitive with a specified color for each point.
Cast the value to an unsigned byte array.
Calculate the approximate length of a control point set using the control points as control points.
Returns the drop action to be taken given a mouse event.
Add an assignment to the set of assignments
Returns true if there is a value to set in the current iteration.
Create the iconmarkers for the bars.
Check if there is any network connection.
assign a default thread for subscriber
Validates the dynamic attribute and prints a warning if it is not valid.
Checks if the typecheck can be applied to the given object instance.
Initialize the system.
Adds a command to the menu bar softkeys.
Connect to a remote bluetooth device.
Density function of normal distribution.
Draw a single shape
Tears down all the connection factory instances that have been created by this factory.
Load a list of groups from the inputstream.
Eventually sets to the given value.
Creates a list of values for the equality of the given node.
Converts a collection of objects to a string using a separator.
Decode a base64 string to a byte array.
Remove all premovedrops from the remove list.
clearbit ( int n ) for zero
Called when the stop button is pressed.
Encode the distinguished name to the specified outputstream.
Forces a complete recalculation of the parameter space.
Converts the current node into an arraylist
Remove a connection from the cache.
Returns an enumeration of all the available options.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Convert a lowercase hex string to an unsigned long integer.
Calculate the sample skew standard error for a dataset.
Load the policyqualifierinfo array from the given list.
Pass the reader as the script to the interpreter. The reader is closed before this method returns.
Finds the markersegment for a class in the list of markersegments
Remove all the elements in the supplied values from the returned Filterable
Reset the state of this response object so that it can be reused.
Removes the element at the specified position in the queue.
Save data and close the activity
Add a new message to the given URI.
Blocking call to subscribeprint the result of an observable
Returns a nice number approximately equal to the passed in range.
Copy a request header to the given buffer.
Sends a single metric to the Tracker.
Put all of the fields of the default document in the order they are provided.
Returns the url of the resource in the classpath.
Convert the parse tree from this node to an epstatement.
Tests whether the character at the specified index is specified.
Creates a statarchivereader for a single archive.
get the socket address of the adb server
Reads a number of bytes from the file starting from the given offset.
Checks if the tag name matches any of the specified tag names.
; }
Indicate if the given row is expanded or not
Find the index of the label in the string.
Adds a listener to the set of listeners.
Creates a new instance of httpmethodinfo
Checks repeated bytes field equality ; nulls are considered equal.
Draws the text of either an edge or a node.
Update the entry with the new list of races
True if the parameter is required.
Send serialized data to result receiver
Print the matrix to the output stream. Line the elements up in columns with a Fortran -
Returns a set backed by the specified map. If the map is empty a new set is created
Removes all biomes with the given biome type from the registry.
Calculates the tiled requirements of the layoutiterator.
Converts an integer to a string using a number of digits after the decimal point. If the integer
convert filterset to ldapfilter or filterset
Sends a blob instruction to the connected client.
Define labels for a plot.
Returns a new set that contains all the elements of intervaltomerge in the original set.
A GString variant of the equivalent CharSequence method.
Adds a node to the graph.
Print text in the console.
Trim the array to be a consistent size.
Recursive call to further subdivide the array.
Asserts that all of the specified threads are still alive after the specified time.
Create a new abstract workermanager instance.
onmessage impl.
Insert a via into the trace.
Checks whether the threshold exceeded.
Convert a string to a byte array.
Returns the length of the longest line in the list
Write a portion of an array of characters.
Rounds the vector in the given direction to the left.
Select a proxy for the given target.
Adds a reference to the list of source positions and reference positions.
Returns a copy of the elements in this list in the correct order.
Check whether the updater thread is running
Unwrap a VCF file.
This method is used to create a new user in the system.
Select the given columns from the table
Test compliance with the given mbean interface of a base class.
convert a sequence model to a set of strings
Create a jkssignaturetoken from an inputstream and a password.
Writes the given location to the file.
Look up a field in the vtable.
Evaluates the XPath expression as a string.
Convert a netty headers to anarmeria representation.
Calculates the RMS audio level from the provided audio data
Initialize the shader program
Checks if the given alias exists in this keystore.
Invert the selected relations
Test for a negative float
Bind keystore service.
Draw the connector centers of the block.
Is the given instruction handle a merge of branches?
Load the default vipr trustmanager.
Return true if the current node is the outside of a document element.
Creates a new threadpool with the specified name and size.
try to invoke the method or die the method.
Clear the data from this object.
Adds a new helper text color which should be used for the password strength.
} }
Create a list based token stream from a list of tokens
Resolve a class for the given objectstreamclass.
Returns a new map with the same values as source but with the same names as the source but
Find a key in a byte array.
add a synthetic edge to the result
Adds all the states in the array s to the state set.
Reads the object from the input stream.
Same as windowsregenumkeyex except that it returns null if the key is not found.
add a task
Initialize the compute shader program.
Sort the arrays in ascending order.
Reads an object from a byte array.
Generate a group name if the group name does not exist already.
Check the types of a resultset.
Default action group using the provided actions
Adds a new data set to the table at a given row.
Pushes the new term to the top of the stack and writes new blocks.
Create a numericliteral from an object of type number.
CAS head field.
Remove a dependency and return the set of dependencies that were removed.
new concurrentmap with aggressive concurrency level
Is the connection allowed for the named event?
Reads all whitespace characters from the reader stopping at the first non-whitespace character.
Get an enumeration of all the literal result attributes.
Parse the given input string using the given separator as the delimiter.
Add all elements of the given collection to this queue.
The resource id for the last schema in the path or null if the path is empty.
; }
Denormalizes a charsequence.
Save a container configuration to a file using a specified schema prefix and filepath.
Gets the isaborted value for this Future.
Add a new item to the end of the array at the specified key.
gzip test with long max_value
support_testwebdata ( File path, string type )
Print a boolean to standard output and flush standard output.
Creates an ipcsharedmemoryspace
Close the database connection.
Return a new version with the qualifier added
Perform a 16 - bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Unregisters a baggagehandler.
Creates a new dataset using the specified number of x and y samples and the specified minimum and maximum
Compares arrays of event beans for equality in any order
Collects the text from the text buffer and updates the firsttextnode if necessary.
Unproxy the given annotation from the proxy registry.
Parse an expression.
Adds a section to the list of tickmark sections.
Calculate the i under the Gaussian distribution.
Flush the output stream.
Deletes a range of characters from the buffer.
Add a new plotter to the model.
Find the nearest node in the tree with the given key that is closest to the given key.
add listener for speedrunslive event
Find the next regular expression from the input text.
Performs a single action on a fault.
Checks whether the given character sequence contains any whitespace characters.
Decode a base64 encoded string using the given coder.
validate the given set against the schema
Adds the given values to the current number.
list all mydbs for a given owner
Calculate the output of the function
Adds a long value to the request.
Compares two objects using the correct comparison method for this Collection.
Add an actionlistener to the checkbox.
Calculate the bounds for a view s title
Return a new polynomial with the sum of the result and the difference of the two polynomials.
Returns the attribute set as a string.
Returns the offset of the first field in the class and all superclasses.
Send a WARNING log message.
Return the first item in the list.
Called when an action event is received.
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src, bytebuffer dst )
Upgrade a single server instance.
Creates a new instance of a class.
Pops a type from the output frame stack.
Create a genericsipmsrpsession for a contact
Create a new forum post.
Draw the mark.
componentresized This method is called when the projection is resized.
Converts an array of bytes into a hexadecimal string representation
Changes the value of a label.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream
Instructs this object to update the specified point at the specified location
Like join but does not throw any exceptions.
Return the value of slide based on left and width of the element
} } }
Convert the given x value to a panel index.
forward the request to the target handler
Returns a set of primary keys for the specified table and owner.
Reads a 32 - bit unsigned integer from the input stream.
creates a token for the prefix of a leaf
Add a record to the result set.
This method is called when a send operation is scheduled.
Spins/yields/blocks until node s is matched or timeout.
Concatenates the string representation of each items in this array with the given string as a separator
Return the binding for an object as specified by a key.
Initialize the compute shader program.
If the task completedsuccessorfailurefromresponse.
center set of nodes horizontally
Append text to text body.
called from the Activity or Fragment s onrestoreinstancestate
Sets the hour and day.
Undoes the last action.
Returns true if device is connected using wifi
Flushes and closes the file.
Returns true if the tree is empty.
Process the xml file in the given location with a progress listener.
extract musicid from mediaid string
check that getscope returns the current identityscope
Build the parameters for a given method.
checks if the given cell is contained in the partition
Creates a simplexnoisegenerator with the given random number generator.
Fill an array with the values of the elements in the array.
Processes the line by line. Each line is parsed and the UID and RX bytes are
Initialize the lookup table for quick access.
Returns the string representation of the format constraints.
Reads the data from the stream.
Adjust the current indentation level.
Returns the number of elements this queue can hold.
The code_string token that reads a code string.
Returns a random string between given minimum and maximum
Test of reopen of a b - tree with an open b - tree and an open b -
Returns the first path to the given relative file.
Returns true if there are any unsupported critical extensions
Select a format from the available formats up to the specified value.
Load configuration from jvm parameters.
This method is used to perform a softsignin. If the user is already logged in then
view alter and command cache
Calculates the number of occurrences of a unit of the given amount of the given size and the
Creates an element in the given document with the given tag and namespace.
Modifies the content of the file by a function.
The commands to execute when in state 2.
tests the listoptions method
Return the location of a point on the earth for a given latitude and longitude.
Notifies this content provider that the size of the view has changed.
Remove a layoutturntable
Process the end of an XML element.
Convert an image in to a matrix
; }
The number of scheduled tasks to execute.
Creates new dgeneralnamechooser
Clear all the contents of the scene.
Adds a mitrejoin line to the current linesegment
Discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet, per the requirements on page 25 of
Multiply two numbers of different scales where the scales are positive and the scale is negative
Checks the validity of the lease and limit.
Returns the cookie path from the given path.
Format a double value as a simple decimal.
Creates a label generator for a category item.
make a unique id for this node.
Cache the attribute with the given ID and values.
Read the permissions policy from the policy object.
inject data from cimproperty to volumeinformation
Method called when a view is detached from the recycler view pool.
Load the specified file into the table
Try to open a stream as gzip if the stream is not mark - supported.
Returns a hashcode for this node.
Create a new prefix query.
create a new am identity subject
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Add the given path to the list of options.
Load a single hex image
Triangulate a pointset with the given pointset
URL - safe base64 encode a byte array.
Write java fieldspec element.
read mask data from the object inputstream
Parse from the given Reader.
Exclude the destination statement from the text.
Used to convert raw characters to their escaped version when these raw version cannot be used as part of
Add file to CLASSPATH
Insert a number of tuples at a given row.
Process a whole collection of integer values. If any of the values is smaller than the current minimum
The major version number as a buffer.
Sets the XContentBuilder source to be used for creating the index.
Concatenate the data to sign.
Sets the If - Modified - Since header for the request.
Create a tmp journal file.
Allocates a new instance of the array type.
Play together a set of animations.
Print the error message associated with the given exception.
Returns a string containing a concise, human - readable report about the network traffic statistics.
Apply L1 regularization to the model
This method will be called when a key is pressed
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Loads all the moveparticipants for a given element.
Determine the preference vector based on the membership strategy.
Paint the arrow in disabled state.
flipbit ( int n ) in the negative direction
This method is called when a user is added to a tlabs.
Returns true if there are more events in the iteration.
Extracts the XMP metadata from an inputstream.
Initialize a new validator
Perform crossover operation with another bayesnet representation.
Resets the digest to its initial state.
Create a user perspective.
Calculate the phred score.
Create descriptor of a specified type
;
Throws an exception if the current token is not of the expected type.
UpdateFunctionalityTest # testupdate3 ( ). Tests INSERT... SELECT functionality.
This test does not work.
Checks if a type is assignable from another type.
method to insert the penalty in the current offer
Read the sampleinfo from the given buffer.
Handle the maintenance of the service by scheduling a check and scheduling a synchronization
Times and records the duration of event.
Checks if the bytecode version is a JDK 7 compatible version.
Adds mapping that will be added when the index gets created.
Try to find a file with the given name and template.
Initialize the DiskBasedCache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory. Creates the
add listener if it is not null
Creates a new instance of sitestatuscheckthreadimpl
draw the glyph
Replaces the specified retained variables with those of the specified list.
Releases this object and decrements the usage count. If the usage count drops to zero
delete all tables
Find one pet category.
Marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
Creates a new exchange instance with the given request and origin.
Computed iscardalpha function for the current numeric range.
Convert a UNIX time to a filetime
Encrypt a string using a given secret key and encoding.
Removes the given address from the user
The width and height of the view is the same as the width and height.
To fire off the end element trace event
Verify if product has already migrated from the home directory
Convert the HTML history to spanned array.
Format the given message with the given arguments.
Insert prosody settings into the utterance.
Creates a new SDCard folder.
After rotating the matrix needs to be translated. This function finds the regions that need to be translated
Create the ticker text from the title and body.
Adds the protocol type to the set if it does not exist in the protocol set
Returns the class name as a string.
Adds an entry to the hash table.
load the properties file with the given resource
send a log message to the logger. This call is thread safe.
Draw the rectangle in vertical mode.
Construct a public key from its encoding.
Returns the number of hits for the given query.
Return true if the left side of the expression is true for the right side of the expression.
add header with string value
Asynchronously capture the maximum value in this future
Prints a character followed by a newline.
Correct rejection of empty records when the store would accept an empty record.
Synchronized to prevent concurrent modification of this instance.
UpdateFunctionalityTest # testupdate7 ( ). Tests INSERT... SELECT functionality.
Extracts an indentation string from a line of text.
Does the real work of getting the full path.
Adds the filename from the status line to the list if it matches.
Divide two numbers of different scales and negative scales
Encodes a string into its Base64 form using the specified encoding.
Slide the panel up
adds a list of idraweritems to the sticky drawer
Returns true iff finest debug logging is enabled.
Reset the iterator to the start of the tree.
Calculates sine for the given angle.
Method to extract the message from the stego data
make a related session id from an encrypted session id
create a cardinal spline from a list of points.
Test whether the next characters on the queue match the sequence.
Null safe comparison of Comparables.
Root by superuser apk
;
Recursively synchronizes on the elements in the provided iterator and executes the provided task if there
Find component by name in a container.
isfingerprint boolean.
Writes an float field value.
Extract the column keys from a line of text.
Draws a rhombus.
Convert a list of bytebuffers to a list of bytearrays
Instantiate a class given its class name.
Generate the derived key using the password and salt.
Blocking call to createfinalization which returns even if the queue is empty
Show the key guard.
Returns the width of the given string in the given font metrics.
Return true if the event contains the same characters as the text in the previous event.
This method is called when an action is performed.
localdate to string
jsoncreator a new datasourcemetadata object.
Create an email instance with the given value
Constructor for addresslookup
Add a change listener to the panel
Create a new node instance.
Initialize a new cell with the given rowspan and columnspan.
Add a new XML element to the tree
This method parses the format string into its variable number.
Returns true if the given interval is equal to this interval.
Converts a relative url to an absolute one based on the supplied base url.
Start the task.
Create a new journal index instance.
Close the current log file.
Parses the first consonant.
panel with buddy list
Executes the javac in the given directory with the given dependencies.
Convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
Returns a list of all guacamole - powered platforms
add a dependency
Tests if obj is an instance of date.
convert Config to XML
Builds a list of points that are quadrlateral to each other.
Heapify-up method for 2-ary heap.
Branches are initially compressed needing one node per key plus the size of the string key.
Unlock to allow both puts and takes.
Check if the filename is a subtitle format.
Write the constant to the output stream
Populate the properties with the given properties and optionally with the default properties
Add network listener.
Append the urlbuffer to the urlbuffer without the content prefix
Add error listener.
Validate the classname attribute of an element
Import base types from the database to the given moduleid.
This method reads a matrix from a node.
Record bournefilesystemevent and auditfile
Instantiates a new coretokenexception.
Construct the dialog
Computes the dynamic VM arguments to be passed to the iJava program.
Normalize a stringbuilder number.
Skip to a given index.
Remove an organization configuration from the system
Remove group listener.
Sets the changelog mapping for the given source and task name.
Extract the key from the name.
calculate the space between the two tracks
This method transforms a map of strings to a new map of key - value pairs using the
Construct a componentmanager with a given set of seed sequences
Removes all observers from the list of observers.
Unsynchronize a byte array
Calculate the general encryption key of a user password.
capture messages.
Returns an unzipped copy of the input array.
Method insertintocombo.
In the standard coroutine architecture coroutines are identified by their method names and are launched and run up
check python syntax error
If the number is a double or long value it will return a string representation of the long value
Split a string into a map with name and value
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map. The set is backed by the map
Starts the audio streamer.
creates a new instance of Propagationimp.
Create a new nativerunner instance.
Returns a string that may be used to indent a dump of the nodes in the tree.
reduce the given calendar to a new instance
Surround a string with a prefix and a suffix
Returns the first coordinate in the list which is not present in the list
Trims or pads the given string to the given length. If the supplied string is longer
Schedule to timer pool.
Decrypt the input buffer using the correct number of bytes for the key
Prints the OS platform platform and additional information to the log.
the value at the top of the stack
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of the input.
Generate a native guid for a transport zone.
javax. servlet. ServletUtilsTest # testaddservletwithnameandjspfile
Return whether the specified object is equal to this one.
print error log
Remove a sip transaction event listener from this object.
Creates a new execution system instance for the specified URI.
Is the given element type a command
Queue a report to be sent to the collector
Checks if the given string starts with any of the prefixes.
Check that types are ordered by data type.
fire a mouseclicked event to all registered listeners
Formats a list of strings as a list of values.
content border top edge
Writes the results of the benchmarking to a file.
Execute a SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
The current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Make an entry from a list of strings
Removes all parser highlights.
Reads a short from the work array.
Format an integer into an existing array.
method to append a character array to char buffer
check if a user has a permission to access a resource
Returns true if the type is an annotation.
Return whether or not this basicblock and the other have the same exception handlers.
Computes the checksum of the logical state of the logical state
Returns whether the current instruction is a long label.
a secretblock with the specified image and hitstate
install normal activity only
Recursive method to create the list from the temporary list and the insert list.
read the metadata for an outline file.
This method decodes the run length value given a run length integer.
Read the contents of the stream into a byte array.
No duplicate value global constraint for the given parameters.
Inflate a rhythm overlay from a string.
This method first tries to brute force a revocation hash using the seed argument. If
creates a fancyclass using the parent class loader.
Returns true if the source file associated with the given resource has changed since the last compile.
Flip the image.
Load value from property string value
Get all namespaces for a soapelement and its children.
draw the hook
Compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality.
Called when the continue button is performed.
Wait a given amount of time for a socket to be flushed.
Resets the cache
copy a directory to another location
rebuild journal file
Writes the log data to a file.
Load all the rewrites from the given string.
Returns an enumeration of all the available options.
Called by the reader thread on reader end of the read
httprequest event handler
constructor with negative number of bytes
Format a double value.
Removes the items at the specified positions
Reset the bounds of the round rectangle to the original value of _num
Attempt to get a colour from a string
Returns the effective numerical matrix rank.
Randomly modifies a modifiable variable that is expected to be a member of a modifiable
Save a string to a file
Delete old temp files.
Flush the write buffer to the underlying sink.
convert a jpeg to an RGB image
Remove the specified visible object from the world.
Get the event topic for the given event id.
Returns the result of the last successful match.
Create a project constraint in the given ZIP file.
Decodes a quoted - printable string into its original form using the default string charset. Escaped
Perform a copy operation to the given extent.
Returns the class object for the current class or null if this is not a class.
set the patheffect from the style
Convert a color to an angle.
Parse a bounded size from an old token.
Adds an encoded query parameter to the request.
Create an image link a.
This method initializes the namespace object with the given creator and qualifier.
Atomically decrements by the current number of the counters and returns the updated count.
Update bubble color
Clear the array. Note that this does not clear the wrapped array.
Lock to prevent both puts and takes.
Clear the cache. Delete all files from disk.
Updates the podcast publicationdate and lastepisodemediaurl values based on the episode.
Remove our ui_list entries from the uidefaults table.
} }
Return a precomputed knnquery based on a distance function.
Returns a new set of positions based on a new set of positions.
Appends the given UID to the given stringbuilder.
Creates a new available migration with the given version.
Receive notification of a comment.
Draw an image.
displaystart event.
Select all options.
Add raw name value pair.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Reads an unsigned integer from the stream.
region > viewaddresscountryoptions
Adds a pause listener.
Make this attribute immutable from this point forward.
Adds a new component to the composite.
Launch URL using the system default application.
Invalidates the current line in the text area.
Constructs a bytebandedraster from the given sample model. The origin is assumed to be
Initialize this URI from another URI.
Removes and returns last element or null if empty.
Check if a refresh notification is registered for a given client
Read the output of a process.
Fill header and footer.
Adds an ispace predicate to the end of the list of operands.
Calculate total collected amt.
Skips the specified number of bytes.
Removes all ims from the map.
Escape a string so that it is suitable for use as an ASCII string literal.
Use the specified encoding for the content of this page.
Clear the dictionary caches
Returns the correct type string for the given array of object
Rename a file.
Execute a command on the camera.
Returns an enumset of kindnames for a given kind.
Returns the number of characters in the buffer.
Serialize a map of parameters to a digest response string.
Populate the combos for an activity
Determine the json encoding to use for this request based on the content - type header value.
Convert an image into a new image instance.
Returns the time when this timer started.
move to the next view
Check the sign of the specified number with the specified number of significant digits.
simulate a method by calling the default method.
Cache resolved methods for later retrieval.
setbit ( int n ) at top of a positive number
Destroy the beans that are present in the view and in the context.
Close an outputstream without throwing an exception.
Returns the item at the specified index.
calculate the visible width of a character taking tabulation into account
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Create a new gtsencoder with a given base timestamp
Encode a sequence of coordinates to a string.
Extract weight values.
Close the writer and close the connection.
Returns true if the filter contains all of the hashes in the argument.
Ensure that there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes.
Checks whether a given number is a valid phone number for the region that the number belongs to.
Removes the trailing URI if it has been stripped.
Return the next pair of values in the bag.
Adds the alpha value to the current color
Stop the reader thread.
Copy the contents of the given local state to the current state
Attempts to read a response from the given connection.
Adds an element to the queue and returns true if the queue was full.
} }
Add a part to the body.
Inserts the character at the specified index.
Check whether the deployment has the given nature and weapon
Dump the current state of the persistent members in a readable format.
} }
Find the conversion from the database value for the target type to the source.
Advance the api up to a given time.
update userroles
Send a request to the HTTP server and parse the response.
Run a comparison test for a set of resources.
Adds a delete description to this descriptor.
Return the maximum of two values. The result is NaN if both values are NaN.
Adds a new container to the video.
Calls the super method and writes the polynomiale approximation of the knn
Adds a method to the chain of methods.
get request instance from thread context
Hashes a password using a SHA - 256 hashing algorithm.
Schedule a new commercial.
Calculates a hash code value for this matrix.
Unsubscribe a message from the specified topic
True if running on unix.
Called when the client has disconnected
Determine if the compound name ends with the other compound name.
Calculate the total height of a star given the size of the screen and the number of stars.
Checks if the given string is a valid regular expression.
Checks whether an intent has specialized handler intents.
Flush standard output stream.
Attach the footer to the text.
Make a sentence out of a list of children.
Test for the case where the key is state preserved.
Initialize the store. If the store is already initialized this is a no - op.
Creates a cumulative histogram from an existing tdoubledoublehashmap
update icons for a package
Parse a string and return a datetimedata.
Add attribute values to the list.
Test the case where the parker thread is preemptively unparked.
Set the maximum index that any new data will have to be written to.
Finish all the closing fragments that have not yet been added.
This method calls _writeutf8segment for each UTF - 8 segment in the JSON string.
Converts a hex string to a string.
Get all scenarios and examples that match a given feature.
Convert a rate into a human readable string with the unit in kbpsec.
Returns the next element in the iterator.
Returns true if field queuesize is set ( has been set by the caller ).
Get the string representation of the given coefficient.
create test index creation status with bulk data hit.
Validate the given value against the given rule.
Given a document, find the URL associated with that document.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Offer an event to the queue.
Creates an algorithmparameterspec for AES implementation.
Checks if the character is a letter digit iso control or http separator.
Draws lines and points for a given set of data points.
Add an elementtype to the table
Make a logtag of a class
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Refrag a URI by adding a fragment to it.
Override paint in order to perform processing specific to this painter.
Serialize the game to a byte array.
Adds an import for the specified element.
Draw the arrowhead of the type of arrow.
classloaderinit callback
Unmarshal parameters of the given method from the given inputstream.
Load data from the dataaccess service.
Create a resourcename from the given resource and locale.
Convert an array of objects to a string.
Draw the bullet icon.
Executes a query and returns the number of rows modified.
Full reset of the JVM read properties
Convert an image to a buffered image if necessary.
Returns true if the test was cancelled.
Remove a directededge from the Conjunction.
Determine if an event is generatable for the given event name.
This method is invoked by the arbiter when a message is received from the producer thread.
Set the until date for the query.
Checks if a given touch x position is in the thumb range.
Cleanup all files under a base URI.
Returns true if the sprite can be collided with another sprite.
Adds a recorded duration.
Submit a dispatchertask to a queue
Create a task distributor based on the default thread priority.
Write the header and samples to the given writer.
Add a new field to the table that is buffered by a given editor
Add a new incomplete expansion room
Computed esiredellipsoid magnitude.
Trims all the whitespace characters from the specified character sequence.
validate vnxfilesmisprovidermandatorydetails
Calculates the next trace given the current state.
translate a valuet object to a bytebuffer
throws IOException {
Create a new serialsensor.
max distances for each item from the second array.
Fill the shape with the specified color.
Write the JPEG data to an outputstream.
See ISO 16022:2006 Annex B, B.2
set to current day
Accepts an IPv4 address in network byte order and returns the corresponding byte array.
Checks if the current template is a valid template name.
Always throws UnsupportedOperationException.
Cumulative density function for normal distribution
Destroy the connection and forcefully shutdown the socket.
Match an atom. Any character in the pattern is matched as a single non - escaped atom.
Create a user from a collection of UDIDs or udids
Check if the network is connected or connecting
Called when a tab is being closed.
Put a new context in the collection.
This method is called when a LSServer close packet is received from the application. This method
Removes all collapsed edges and adds them to the edgelist.
TimingTarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
Creates a new Seaglasstitlepane.
Convert the list to a string.
Write a long to the stream.
Expand all the wildcards in the list of directories and return a new list of all the wildcard
Returns a charset object for the given charset name.
Initializes an integer.
Dump the given stacktrace with the given message.
Execute a query that returns a resultset
cache the synthetic name of a method with a synthetic name character
Check if the eisset feature has a value.
map ;
Returns the next matcher.
process all the queued loading fragments
Adds a private field to the type.
Reconstruct private subrs after a font has been corrupted.
Tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence. Case insensitive.
Initialize the egl environment.
Clear out the recycler view stack.
} }
Reads characters into a portion of an array.
Add lenient syntax to a line.
Merge all the children of a node into the current node.
test negative scale
private static final int _str = 1 ;
Creates the simple setup panel with the given experiment
Add a listener to the current thread.
Parses the command line arguments and sets the corresponding members.
Is zoning required for the specified virtual array?
Initialize the xmltree from the filtered tokens.
Returns true if the name is contained in the namevalue map.
Tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
Checks if a window of the specified class is contained in this window manager.
Fire a property change event.
Starts fading to the specified layer.
Calculates the hash code of a repeated boolean field. Null - safe operation.
Creates a new abstractsurfaceobject as a copy of the data from another abstractsurfaceobject.
Parses a string as a sootmethodandclass
startup the voices and register them with the voice manager
Find the first character in a column.
Decode a color name or a color object from a color string
Get the list of modules that need to be processed to produce the given marydatatype.
Calculates the distance between this vector and another.
Calculates the total time elapsed by all the garbage collectors.
}
adddistinctlist returns the number of entries in entrylist that are not in sourcelist
Mark the beginning of a new object.
Produce a stream of events to a Kafka topic.
Returns a string of a specified number of bytes
Add a connection to the view queue.
Removes trailing or leading whitespace from the supplied character sequence and fills the supplied span array.
Add a script finished listener
{ }
byte [ ] access using fixedbytearraybuffer
Concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array.
Ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements, increasing its size
Adds the given data values to the statistics.
Start a new session with a given number.
Calculate the rotation angle between a center point and a target point. The angle is in degrees.
Count the number of occurrences of this pattern in the given character sequence.
Creates a new deltacrlindicatorextension
Send a verbose message to the logger.
Calculate the log probability of the probable number of occurrences.
Change the distance between pids that are too close to each other.
from interface DragDropListener
write a log to the table
insert the entry into the dynamictable at the given index
Extracts the secretaccesskey from the s3 uri.
dial from a contact
adds a class to the list of safe classes
Check if there is room in the active list for more downloads.
; }
Parse a resource file into a map of strings to steps.
Bets to string.
This test creates a temp file and copies the data from the source to the destination.
Check match IP boolean.
Quick pow using the quick math library.
Returns the canonical path of the given class.
Write a counter.
all annotations defined in the package
get the current paste from the clipboard
This method should be called when the cursor needs to be updated.
Checks whether the mouse event is a middle mouse button.
Add success message.
Handle a change in the startstopped checkbox.
Close the reader.
Calculates and returns the next log segment sequence number for the given list of log segments.
Throws an exception if the given string is not a valid specific language language.
block exploded time
Returns true if there are currently queued reader threads.
Gets the number of milliseconds the socket was inactive.
Equivalent to assert cond : value ;
Add the specific icosdefinition to the internal definition
Create a sourcedataquality object from an XML element
converts a class to a qname
Generate a new JWT token.
Export a list of symbols with a set of names.
Returns true if m is fulfilling.
Add a datasource listener
Return the effective annotationinhierarchy for the given qualifierhierarchy
Changes to the failed state.
Read n bytes from the inputstream into the buffer starting at the given position.
Calculate the L2 distance between two vectors.
This method is called when all the data has been consumed but the parser has finished parsing.
Cancel included only.
Kill all but the last number of entries.
Shows an error dialog.
Checks if the index has a suffix of the expected suffix.
Internal method for printing a tag with attributes.
Parse a string from a delimited disk file path string
check if the object is trusted
Create a new persistent search request control.
Connects the neurons of an equalized neuron group using preallocatesynapses of
Multiply a character by a character. The character used to represent the multiplication is a character
Normalize a charsequence.
Add a listener for zone change events.
Write a byte to the blob.
Sets a listener object that will be notified when events are received for the given resource.
Return a list of all the values in the matrix in flat order. The returned list is a
Reset to null.
Compute the hash of a key for use on disk
This method is called to record the timestamp. It can be called from any thread.
Unconditionally throws the exception if the thread is interrupted.
Parse a JSON data structure from content from a string
returns the default maxradius
Cast result object to a char array.
Returns the number of pending workers.
Insert a new component at the specified position.
Splits the string at every splitcharacter and returns the result as a list of strings.
Append a stream to a path. This implementation opens a new connection to the HTTP server and redirect
Creates a new object with the same contents as the specified map. The contents of the map are
Add a new rule if the rule does not exist yet.
Appends the read data to the request.
check if the ojurl is the latest DSS keystore
Initialize the resource bundle by loading the resource bundle with the given name.
Creates a new instance of layergraphicwarehousesupport
Check if the package name matches the naming convention.
Remember a factory for a particular host name. The factory will be removed from the successtable if
Returns the next character in the stream.
Removes the first entry of the map and returns it.
Constructs a new exception with the given cause.
Return the number of characters required to encode the input character array.
Removes obsolete elements from the names and sharedelements list
Remove a network update action from the menu.
Calculate the buffer distance error for a number of segments.
Return the next record in the stream as a pair of header and sequence.
add a character
Returns true if the given IFD is a valid IFD.
Removes a child from this group
Check if port exists in database.
Append a split element to the list
Creates a new instance of osmhandler
Flush data and close the underlying stream.
Get the directconnection from the session.
Appends the nationalnumber to the end of the provided string. This function does not check if
Cut the selection to the clipboard.
This method stops the system.
Releases the backing store and clears the index
Configure the parser to parse command line options.
Write the given affinetransform to the file.
signum ( ) for positive numbers
Prepend a painter to the chain of painters.
Parse an operator from a tokenstream.
Drags this object to a destination UiObject. The number of steps specified in your input parameter
Populates the msync queue based on the number and name of the contacts
Remove a series from the file.
Add a glue to a component
Write result to file.
}
write blocklet info to file
Recursively render a tree to the stringbuilder.
Searches the original string for a match to the regex and replaces the matched components with the
Compare two characters in a string.
Adjusts the size of the backing file to account for the specified chunk. This assumes that
convert a list of DSN netpins to a linked list of netpins
Create a JavaScript method invocation expression.
The double click handler.
NOT SYNCHRONIZED! Do not use this method directly.
specified tables will be removed from the sqlite database
Creates a new disk segment.
Check if a person exists in the store
Returns the greater of two double values, but ignoring any NaN values in the case that they are
Make the given block writeable but don t attempt to modifiy it.
Remove a reference to a connection
Checks if the queue starts with a word.
Initialize the vacuum environment.
Generate rmisource files for a given class
add long click listener in baseview holder
Remove a creature respawnpoint from the response.
read in a photo from an exif
Converts a byte array to a long.
The lexer for the unicode escape sequences used by the parser.
Pass MouseEvent straight through to delegate
Removes the formatting from a line of text.
Xor for two numbers of different signs and the first is shorter
Prints out the current model.
Determines whether this LDAP name is empty.
Write a local csv file from the most recent data object
Create a new serviceconfig for an organization
Delete the authentication domain from the system.
Add source code remark on an element
adjust the range of the action to the new position if necessary for the given event
save entity asynchronously.
Tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation.
Resolve the relation name to use for the given parent and child objects.
Create a new byte column with a specified default value.
Convert a select statement into a relational expression.
Executes a script file with the specified function and context.
Creates a new xerceshtml2documentbuilderfactory.
Formats the sample rate.
Returns true if this exporter is closed.
Starts the watch.
Create a new typesimplifier for a given set of types.
Escapes the specified byte array.
; }
Serialize a host document to a string.
Returns a client for the members of the given seeds. The members may be null.
cast a string value to a boolean value
Checks if there is more work to do.
Changes the seed by supplementing it with a new seed.
Write the class to the outputstream.
Whether to use the compact font format flag.
Main method for running the generator from commandline
Moses mosesize feature.
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
Throws an exception if the server is being shut down.
Checks the queue for threads that are not blocked by dependencies and executes them.
Call a short method by creating a new object and calling it.
Fire an indexed property change event.
Remove all the active markers
capture string.
Convert an integer to a localized string representation
Test client handshake parsing.
Runs the test case.
Checks a single frame value.
Creates a new template from the given string.
Determine whether the custom area should take focus.
Initialize the ssl connection with a private key.
select existing zones for initiators and ports
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
Write jar post resource.
Closes the current file.
Wrap the given eventlistener in an instance of the given eventclass.
Return a list of all direct child nodes of the given node. If the node is an element
Create a new instance of the class with a specific context. This context will be used for all
Computes entropy for an array of integers.
Add a method to the class.
Add the replication factor to the operation.
This method is called when the user selects a splash frame.
line suffix decoding
Add a new transaction to the stack.
Calculate the space between the two tracks based on the distance between them.
Checks if the given method contains any polygons.
Creates a new jktagmapping object.
attribute set instance select
Ensure that a file has been opened for writing.
The cache can be canonicalized using the canonicalizing strategy. The test verifies that the cache is
Print an object to standard output and flush standard output.
Stop the worker thread and call run on the worker thread.
Reads from the input stream to the buffer.
Generate a graph file
Close an output stream.
Add a property change listener to this context. The listener will be called whenever the value of the
Checks if the entry is expired.
Load user image into actionbar
Determine the direction in which a arrow key is being pressed.
Creates a new tracegraph with the given spans
Is the session persistent?
Makes a date from separate strings for month day year hour minute and second.
This method is called if a mesos failure happened while trying to reschedule a task It will check if
Find config in working directory.
Attempt to add a word to the line. If the word can not be added to the
When the user clicks the play example menu the sample text is displayed in the menu.
Parse wwwauthenticateheader.
Returns the textual value of the specified boolean value.
Sends and receives the messages.
Adds a live to the query.
Returns the contents of a URI as a string.
Test if the given key exists.
Allocate a new allocationsite with the given line and column
Draws the given image.
This method parses an integer from the input array.
activitymonitorsample ( ) ; }
Return two array of the great circleextremelocations of the given great circle with the
Initialize a single checkbox with the given checked and enabled state
Paint the check mark in enabled and selected state.
Find the index of the URI split character.
Write the command to the log
Reload the list of files in the directory.
Creates a new dnsrecord.
Indent a block of text.
Method addcontentspectoelement.
Grow the spine of the queue.
Reconnect the socket.
Get unmodifiable collection of records in this port.
Returns the contents of this ByteArray as a string. Any changes made to the receiver after returning will
Returns true if the variable has a changeevent with the given name.
reset all of the components back to the original state
Calculate the distance between this circle and another circle
Creates a new simple command with the given name and arguments.
Grows the size of the stack
convert a string to lower case using the table name
creates a new pickinggraphmouseplugin
Breadth first search.
Configure a view rendering.
number of arguments must be a positive integer.
Announce a new service with the given service and groups.
Add this object to the drawing attributes list.
; }
Create a new policy tree in an organization.
Rollback method for create snapshot operation.
This method converts a time in string format to number of seconds.
removes an existing appcompat activity from the detaching view
read prefs and actions from file
Add download inforunnable to the active list.
Indents the given expression and adds it to the current line.
Checks whether the hunk is a legal uppercasecamelcase hunk.
Type the given string.
True if this Key does provide an identifier.
Removes redundant affixes from a list of strings
Returns the next random int.
Resume the updates panel after a delay.
Store last used.
element can contain another element only if all of its transparenttocontents are different from all of its
This method extracts arcs from an object identifier.
Test to check if a string is duplicate
Updates stats for conditional density estimator.
Return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane false if it should be shown in
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
Called by the connection manager to start the polling of the connection.
This method can only be safely called from synchronized block
Compares two doubles for equality.
convert Bitmap to byte array
Configure coercive parsing dialog nb.
Calculates the log of a number in a given base.
Evaluates the UF6 problem.
Creates a new descriptor of filesaver.
Read a block of data
Add a run to the container.
Copies the internal array of converters into the given array.
Adds an output sensor to the device.
Initialize the handler with a new socket channel.
Resets the playback position to the start.
Invoke the specified consumer with the stored value if it is not null.
Send a dimension intensity value
Read and return the next float.
Create a new instance of the scheduler.
java. util. Arrays # fill ( int int [ ], int, int )
Calculates the width of the layout based on the specified width size and mode
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values
Execute the rule for the given element.
The contents of an array of characters.
Converts an ISO 8601 duration into a human readable string.
Send a text message to the group
Returns the value as a java. lang. String.
remove a thread from the stop list
Dock node event handler.
Read the maximum number of characters that need to be logged to the source.
delete current license file on disk
Deprecated in favor of the new testnet3params package
This is the thread that handles the communication with the input stream.
Reads a chessboard from a stream.
Get the bounds of the fast scroller.
initializes the dialog with the given parent
Creates a new directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created.
Returns true if running on Windows 8.
Find all unused functions for a given set of units
Add items to the list.
Returns an unmodifiable list of all no proxies.
Add a set of include statements for the compiler
Adds a new observation with the specified value and group to the data set.
Add the number of samples in a variant to the global tally
Reads bytes from the underlying stream.
Creates a new ldifentryreader.
Update information about leftperson and enteredperson.
remove an item at the specified position
Present the licenses to the user.
Adds a geokey to the index.
Detect using a collection of patterns
Debug dumping candidate itemsets.
Convert a boolean array to an XML element.
Adds an outboundrule to the packet.
Create a Skype account with the specified username and password.
stop the drag
Add some additional flags for a derived layout.
Returns the alias of the certificate in the keystore or null if the certificate does not exist in the
Removes the last X amount of articles from the database.
This method is invoked by the recycler to reclaim all the views that belong to a particular type
Only called by unit tests
Override paint to perform translation when rendering.
Inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a key
Copies from the inputstream to the outputstream using a buffer of the specified size.
Test the setting of a property with a directory path.
Same as add but throws mathruntimeexception if result does not match pattern.
Method to serialize a compact RDF General Qualifier node.
Adds a new checkbox to the given container
Push the current state of the graphics context onto the stack.
Drop an existing full text index for a table.
Gets but does not remove the head of the queue.
Adds a new iaudio processor to the pipeline.
Adds the given byte array as a data element to the given index in the program.
Initialize the resource comparator with the given configurations.
Delete the least recently used free pool entry
Converts a less than two digits number into a string using the Ten and One Thousand prefix
Tells whether or not the given URI is a URI embedded base 64 image.
Change the state and send a notification
Attempt to parse a link label, returning the number of characters matched.
Read the contents of a file as a string. The file is always closed.
overridden in the derived class to handle the specified exception.
Check user permission to use the license.
Close the saving file. The file will not be saved again.
Generate a random operator based on its probabilities.
Split a string into a number of smaller strings with the same delimiter.
convert boolean array to string
Decodes a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
Clear the status bar.
Get the brighter shade of an input color.
Shutdown the network thread pool
This ctor interprets the byte array as a serial message.
This method is invoked after the transfer is completed.
Write the low order bits of an integer to the stream.
Add a new force to the engine.
Convert a Java number to a metric value.
check if the region overlaps the sequence
Creates a new okapibm25 object.
Prepare - e.g., get Parameters.
Returns true if the service is configured.
Convert a list of comma - delimited strings to an array of strings.
Read a number of bytes from a file
Called when a fatal error is encountered during program execution.
Rename the specified file if it does not already exist.
Push a pair of nodes into the stack. Special purpose method for TransformerImpl pushElemTemplateElement
Removes the storage from the system.
Configure a container based on the master id and template
}
Delete a set of users.
Checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards.
Removes a region from the map.
A utility function to close an inputstream without raising an exception.
Augment the SAX2 startelement event.
Stop the manager and close all connections.
storage of temporary files
Calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state.
Starts the camera.
Adds a new breakpoint listener.
Draw the panel.
Removes and signals threads from queue for phase.
Returns a datetimeformat for the given datetimeformat string and timezone.
Print a stack trace for the given exception.
scan the type parameters of an element and check the case.
Create a new block with no contents.
Calculate the poisson distribution.
Recursively find the expression of the given source.
used only for testing
Delete all files in a directory
This function will pipe the inputstream to the outputstream of the given file.
Release all resources associated with this class.
Trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string.
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue.
Schedule a threadsafe timeout or do nothing if the timeout is already scheduled.
Submit a task to execution pool
Adds the attribute election.
Create the buffer that will be left over after a write.
This method returns a randomly selected action value.
This method is called when a channel is closed.
Setting up the headless simulation.
Check if the id refers to the next window of the current request.
Checks whether the given class is visible in the given classloader.
Removes an event from the queue.
builder to create a property xml file for the given serviceschema and model
Checks whether the character at the current position matches the input string.
Adds all items in the array to the list
Remove a SuperCardtoast from the list.
test vmstat parsing with header and data
Generates a new secret key from the password.
Partially escapes the assertion values using the configured filter.
Remove the left over view as a child of the parent.
Check if the declaration has already been declared for the given prefix.
Start the environment and run the environment step.
Calculates the attackstatus of a creature only if the attacker is the mainhand of the attacked
The vertexprocessor to use.
Release the lock and set the state to busy and idle.
Validates the replicas for the given shard and collection for the given number of replicas.
will throw UnsupportedOperationException
Convert a partition specification to a name.
Convert charsequence to charsequence inputstream
Test of the hitendafterfind method.
Delete cheque by id.
Calculates the partial correlation value for a given tetradmatrix.
Add a column with the given name and expression
Addsput and gettimenanos.
Check whether the saturation is valid.
Parse a cell from a string with a constant value.
This method is called when a property value is changed.
Run a command and return the output of the command as a string.
Gets the selectablechannel value for this socket.
java. util. Date # equals ( Object o )
Convert a bytearraytag to a string.
Adds the filters for the file chooser to the file chooser.
Retrieve a value from a Windows Registry Enum.
Parser for datetime from RFC 822 format
Validate the model for a given set of shapes.
Adds an annotation to the page.
Find preferred idp provider for the given realm and request.
Checks and creates the directory if it does not exist.
Assert the current values of the subscribed object have the same values as the supplied consumers.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least a
Prints a float followed by a newline.
Does not work on 8bit registers.
onloginfailure Override if you want to add logic to the login failure handler.
Build a list of interceptors for the given method.
Removes all phi instructions from the IR.
Count the number of times the token appears in the target.
Create a map of testcase to the set of covered goals associated with each test case.
Build the route interceptors.
Check the validity of a GML footprint.
Main method for testing this class.
Gamma distribution quantile function.
Create a cipherparameters object for a given pbe key and algorithm parameter spec.
create a new instance of orioneditorinit
Writes a byte to the specified offset of this native object.
Adds a validation error message.
Parse the optionsetting to the map.
Generate client credentials using the specified salt identity and password.
Build the actual Lucene Index.
Takes the JSON string that describes a guided tour and starts it.
Run a random test with the specified parameters.
Add a listener to the dispatcher.
Clamp the magnitude of a number to a minimum and maximum.
Handle a click on the bar.
Adjust the bytecode index of the barrier depending on whether the method is for osrspecial
Returns the string representation of this number.
This method is called via reflection from the database.
Create a temporary directory that does not exist yet.
synchronize current authdata with authtype from authdata map
Creates an element in the encryption specification namespace.
Move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mcurrentscrapviews.
Draw wind on loading animation
Checks if the proxy settings are set.
Check if the expression is equal to its default value
parse key - and - value pairs to map
Use onsizechanged to setup the bounds and paints.
Makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re-cycling
Creates a new websiteaddress from the given string.
Test filter creation with a basename of zero or more files.
Resets the pendingtelemissileattacks map.
Adds padding to the given byte array and returns the number of bytes added.
Adds commands for a PDF page.
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Add the given statements at the end of the sequence.
Notifies all listeners that the activity state has changed.
Computes the elasticity of the line in the given spot.
httpentity to bytearray
Find the first foo in the list by uuid
Round the given floating point value to the nearest integer.
Constructor for the runner implementation.
True if operating system is Windows ME.
Convert a date to a string
Computes and returns the size of the given component taking into account the given cell size.
Checks that two nodes are elements of the same type.
Appends the data to the given stringbuilder.
Convert a long number to a string
Resets the stream to the last marked position.
read a single byte from the inputstream.
Writes a charsequence to a file using the default charset.
See if idpproxy is enabled
Compile the prolog to java source code.
remove all of the listeners
Create a selectioninputdialog
Build the actual data from the data source.
Convert the classname to a resource path.
The URI for the given scheme.
Adds a solution to the population and returns the id of the solution
Converts the contents of the buffer into a byte array.
Create a disk in the specified project
Check if host name matches domain name.
Disables all the attribute of the given name.
Generates the instruction to push a handle on the stack.
Encode a multipart post body
Lookup the key in the standard keys.
Write the boolean to the output.
property for the toggle node
Decode an octet string and append the result to a string builder.
Join the data of two fieldvectors into an array.
Reverse the animated vector state
Start ContractManager.
Fire a vetoable change event.
Correctness test for the lmdirichlet distance.
This method is called when all the data is received for the specified sinks from the specified source
Convert a userdto to an entity
Writes the SQL statement for an external foreignkey drop
Obtain an exclusive lock on the file if one is available.
Add a point to the header of another FITS object.
Collect the affected files from the given files array.
Update a particle position based on speed and elapsed time
Updates the tick values for the axis.
Check if a given targetposition is within the bounds of the start and end positions.
Check that the same triples and triples exist in the database.
Show a specific item in the navigation bar.
Sets the value of the given option.
Determine the target page for the scrolling event.
Convert a submatrix in to a string.
Clone the values from another vector.
Converts the given glob pattern into a regular expression.
} }
Splits a string into an array with a specified separator without escaping.
test split properties with escaped semicolons
Removes the object at the given offset from the destination array. The destination array must be large enough
Open the database if it does not already exist.
Check if a tab is associated with an active activity of a given tabid.
Use this to wrap the httpstream in an iostream.
Add a file to the list of files to be processed.
Returns true if the current character is a digit.
Calculate the partial hull of two points
Reads a short from the current position
Prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target.
Creates a proximity node.
If the varray doesn t already exist and if it can be created then return true.
Sends a reply to an incoming stream.
Initializes a CCSpriteAnimation with a name, delay and an arraylist of CC
navigate to the current dump file
Add all messages to the buffer
Make a random cache entry.
Performs a swap operation on the EGL display and surface.
Returns a list of window of size windowsize
Build a path out of a jsonpath.
Adds an element to the array and returns the array.
Returns the real value of this double precision number.
Convert a matrix to a string in matlab format
Construct a new fileinputreader for a specified file.
Create a new object outputstream for this path.
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map. The set is backed by the map
Add certificate validity.
addpolicylistener to the internal policycache of this Cache.
Verify a session code.
Returns a new scriptengine for the specified file.
Searches for a raw module with a given id.
Extract type checked value from the list using the specified function
Obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and
Recovers a single entry in a keystore.
newloader with a base url.
min of two numbers of different scales but not equal
wiser object constructor.
Concatenate an array to the end of another array.
Rotate the vehicle in the current direction
Shuts down the task engine service.
Resets the builder to the initial state.
Returns a deflated version of the current string using the same encoding as the previous one.
Returns the index of the element in the list s such that the elements are in sorted order.
Send a ERROR log message
Add a property change listener.
Recursively cleans a directory.
Finds the minimum version of the cache that can be used for a given transaction.
Creates a dimensioned scalar field.
Receive notification of character data inside an element.
Computes the standard deviation of the data in the node.
} }
Inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list. Shifts the element currently
Create a new multiplex manager based on the given datastores.
Checks whether the given item matches the rawname pattern.
Returns the specified value or a default value if the value is null.
Compares to last received message.
Render the track and car
Converts a time String into a java. sql. time
Choose a server alias.
PDF of GEV distribution
Order Line - Charge.
Main method that does the actual parsing.
Aband cb broker network test
Flush the stream.
Discard the current thread.
convert a leaf to a semicolon token
Write to the buffer
Register a filetype with a set of defaultassociated extensions
Parse an integer from a locale formatted integer string
Parse the request security token response from an XML string.
Request a YARN container with the given resource request.
Filters a list of itemscollections by level.
Returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than or equal to the given
Add a single symbol to the set.
Used to convert raw characters to their escaped version when these raw version cannot be used as part of
Get the number of elements in the array.
Decode a base64 string into a long value.
Returns the smallest ( `` bottom '' ) n values in the column
sum the outlink authority score of a page
Ends the print job and closes all graphics created.
HDFS Browse of a path
Append a character sequence to the current text.
Specify the id of the page in the wizard
Unwrap the input buffer.
Test whether an attribute is specified.
check if the user has permission to access the time zone.
store password if set to true in config
Deletes a child node from this node.
Test to see if a number is a float plus a zero
Await termination and return the exit value of the external process.
Causes the methods of the expandometaclass to be refreshed from the expando
Override failed to update the relation with the cancel flag.
change the state of an annotationdocument in the repository
Removes an edge from the graph.
Called when a long key is pressed.
Check whether this node has at least one descendant that matches the provided pattern.
Write a number of bytes to a file.
Generate the data files of the given locale
Check whether the given object is a CGLIB proxy.
Calculates the indentation of images when they are rotated by the user
Tests fix for BUG # 10630 - Statement.getwarnings ( ) does not
Checks the two arrays for equality.
Adds the given annotation to the front of the list of annotations that it is related to.
Add a frame to the animation
Prints a single Unicode code point as a string.
Remove the minidump file if it was uploaded.
Start SSL shutdown process.
Extract a thumbnail bitmap from the source bitmap
Write the pkginfo file for the bundle.
Convert this eventbean to an array of eventbeans.
Decode an attribute set of attributes from a DER input stream.
Process an attribute string of type T_NSLIST into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved
Returns a deep copy of this object
Dump a long value to the given stringbuilder.
Type the special characters. This handles tab control and enter special characters.
Test two objects for equality.
Checks if a given mimetype has an associated extension.
Return an iterable to a specified number of notifications starting after the first notification that matches the specified id
This method will write the data of the given object to the given writer. The object is converted
Write an integer value to the output stream
Checks whether the queue is empty.
Instantiates a new viterbipoint.
Paint bottom content border edge.
Adds a list adder to the stringbuilder.
Parse a PEM encoded RSA public key.
Create a parallel publisher from a single source.
Calculate the next recurrence based on the schedule.
Adds a variable to the queue of variables
Canonicalizes a simpleurl.
Read a file from the child process.
Calculate the animation duration given the initial velocity and the displacement.
Compute the square root of the vector
Determines the height of this view
Add a byte to the buffer.
Returns the arithmetic mean of the values in the given vector.
create a new sprite with the specified position and velocity
Closes the output stream.
Creates a synctoken for the given date and uuid.
Tells whether two objects hold the same value ignoring any nulls.
Initialize the client with a new etcdflagfieldupdater.
close inputstream without a Exception
Test the random function
Replaces all the occurrences of oldchar with newstr
This method is invoked when the user clicks on Create New Form button.
Returns a new typedeclaration that is the canonicalized version of this one.
Open other uri.
wait for all active and live replicas of a ZooKeeper node
Adds the specified object at the end of the vector.
check if there is a null in the copy
Splits a file path into a list of file names.
Check if taxa is compatible with the available taxa.
Draws the text of a label
Returns true if there are map objects defined.
Run all actions in the order they were added.
Dumps the thread roots of the data structure.
Adds a field translation for the given overridename and aggregate field.
Returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the children of the specified container.
Check if the resource has changed.
Creates a telurl reference from a string
Creates a model with the specified number of support vectors and the specified kernel.
Restarts the servlet engine. This method must be called before the engine is used.
Initialize and configure.
Returns a string representation of this character.
Probability density function of the Wald distribution.
Generate the format associated to the codec name
This method is called when the contents of an XML comment are encountered.
Find the maximum value out of the map for a given key.
Find the oldest entry whose commitcounter is less than or equal to the given value.
Starts the underlying value animation
Get the stacktrace as a string.
Split a name in two parts.
Indicate that a child thread should resume execution after the thread exits.
Register the transport mbean with the given name.
Perform an UPDATE operation on an annotated class.
Stop the fading edges screen timer
Remove timeout event listener.
Processes the generic properties creator properties file.
Method to add a new table lock object into the map.
Returns a random element from the list.
make a new annotationset and add to it the new qual
Wait for the current thread to terminate and return immediately.
Define a new local variable.
Open a connection to the database.
Tell the user of a problem with the XSLT stylesheet.
Invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format.
Allow an anonymous function to be declared and invoked
Returns the total keyset of all the keys in this symbol table.
Writes the contents of a list to the given stream.
Reduce a polynomial modulo another polynomial.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Used by javascript to build a string from a hexadecimal representation of a character.
Prints the current bootstrap map.
Convert an enumeration to a vector
Adds a token to the ftokens array creating a new array if necessary.
filterlargevaluesets predicate.
Add tags to the report.
Loads the application build number from the manifest.
Build a random leftregular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes.
Use this method to add focusable views to the view hierarchy.
Configure the given httpurlconnection based on the properties defined in this class.
Convert a number to a title case
backslash has already been read when this is called
Process the input and write the final product to the specified output.
Initialize the replicator runtime configuration.
local number formatting
Implements the abstract method simulatemethod. It is called by the corresponding methods by the base class.
list to a long array
Enables and disables the menu items based on the state of the criterium node and
An exception thrown from putgetremove that does not match the map size.
list to string
remove a notification listener
CUMPROD, opcode : ucumm
Given a single directory and a list of modulespecs that possibly contain wildcards it returns a
create a string representation of the reportlist contents
x509crlselector will throw an exception if the getissuernames method returns null
Initializes the shard iterators based on the configured checkpoint generator.
Creates a xadatasource object based on the supplied properties.
Calculate the degrees of an angle.
Add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid
Return true if the local path is an absolute path.
Prepare demand collection and rebates map.
Get a single specifier instance by index.
Creates a new shapedcraftingrecipe
Write a font tag.
Write the given bytes to the encoder/decoder.
Creates a socket to the specified host and port.
Adds the instances to the input or the filter. If the filter is inversely applied to all
Configure the okhttp client. Override this method to provide your own version of the client.
Parse a file and return a string representation of the syntax.
Run the test as a stand - alone suite if the current test fails.
Override this method to load your own data from the database.
Creates a new omraster from the given lt and ln offset using an imageicon
Start all the dequeued threads and return true if all are started.
This method is called when a bound property is changed.
Asserts that two objects are equal using their equals method.
Returns the flag names for the given flags.
Formats a SQL statement. Can be an SQL string or a POJO instance
Indent the current line.
add a fake view
Compile a list of projects.
Prints the list of contacts to the given panel.
Resolves this promise with the given result. If the promise has already been resolved the promise is
Adjust the name of a node and its center.
create a snapshot
Save the current configuration to a properties file.
Returns the number of times the delimiter appears in the list.
Constructs a Uri from the template, substituting in the provided arguments.
Set the scratch area for the surface and dispose it
This method will write the kanji resource file to the given file.
construct a scanner exception with all of the stack traces filled in.
Render the normals to a texture.
Look for resources of the given type and class. Hint resources are returned if present.
calculate the sum of absolute values for the y-values
Decrement the reference count for the shared reference. If the reference count drops to zero then
Returns the number of nodes in the list.
find a tcp connection by threadid
Estimate from simple characteristics.
Reads repository metadata from the given input stream
Returns true if the specified datatype is primitive and false otherwise.
Append a new line at the end of the next line.
Do any postprocessing that may be necessary after the field was read.
Tell if the table contains the given node.
Persist temporary files that were not deleted on exit.
Add a new value to the writeset
Load the given unit from the river
This method is invoked when a worker exits.
Finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream. Use this method
Frees the object. If the free list is full the object will be garbage collected.
Returns true if a binding exists for the given key.
Creates a new internal replicator manager.
Checks the index for the directory.
Build a new taggedoutputstream instance.
Builds a list of messages from the builder and returns them.
Stores given short value.
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of the given byte range and then hashes the resulting hash again
Uses the specified URL to load a pronounceable text file.
Put an object into the trie for lookup.
Recursively make all immutable objects owned by this object.
Returns the full path to the first library with the specified name.
Remove a component update listener.
Find fields by thrift id
Checks whether the specified character sequence is empty.
Assert encode decode and decode a gangliamessage.
Checks if the given term is indexable.
Sends the response to the socket.
Decode a base64 encoded string
Blocks until a shutdown signal has been received.
Adds a new connection to the invoker.
Calculate the Euclidean distance between the given point and this point.
convert to int.
add a single item to the chain
Update the state view.
This is the main event loop that gets events from the port and processes them.
Return a list of all keys in all files
Instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
Generates a unique future id.
This method is used to check whether any alarms have been rescheduled.
Add a new column name.
Perform an asynchronous min operation
Change the state to the new state and notify listeners.
convert datetime to string
Add a test to the rule list
Swaps the elements at the specified positions in the specified list.
Build the ipt parameters
Allows this closeable to be used within the closure ensuring that it is closed once the closure
Check if actual string matches any of the patterns in patterns.
Add a new server to the load snapshot.
Add a leaf to this catalog tree.
Convert a timestamp to a formatted string.
Set the content length for the request.
Draw the glow on the canvas.
modify lun in async mode
Replaces each substring of this string that matches the specified replacement sequence with the specified replacement sequence.
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values
Returns true if the given object is similar to this one.
jgoogleanalyticstracker is a method that can be used to track an event with a focuspoint
Add a new tuple without checking for duplicates.
Adds a song to the adapter
Get child elements by name.
Emit a put method for the given field.
Compares the specified object with this one for equality. The result is true if and only if
Rdn - title of the tvshow.
Split the text into a list of individual events.
Remove a tablemodellistener from this table.
Replaces a portion of the string builder with another string. The length of the inserted string does
Add a posixfilepermission to a directory and all subdirectories.
Run the timeout task and reap timeouts if necessary.
Learn a device using the given characteristics.
Check that a type signature is a valid type signature.
Test case 19 of division by remainder.
Check if actiongroup has visible children.
Checks argument references in a function call.
Randomize the weights of the network.
Saves the pixels from the buffer on the SD card.
Checks the validity of a file.
Remove a source class from the list of src classes.
Updates the range on each axis based on the given value.
Closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
Appends a number of bytes to the end of the byte array.
Enough space on phone boolean.
Method called when the cancel button is performed.
Add a new attribute to the iterator. The range of the attribute will be initialized with the specified
Convert a string to a new value.
Returns the string representation of the operand.
Records a dialogue state in the model.
Writes a sequence of characters to the stream as UTF - 8.
Constructs a geoserverwpsclient
Returns true if the given file is a valid zip file.
Cleanup the pool and return the number of remaining sockets to keepalive.
}
Compares the current number with the expected.
Generates a 16 - byte seed to be used as a key for the RNG.
Need to check if this object should be excluded.
Decodes a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
creates a list of usernamespaceauthorization objects from a list of usernamespaceauthorizationentity objects
Method to read header data from the input stream
Draw text.
Compares two fractions and returns true if the first is smaller than or equal to the second
Method clone.
determines if a point is outside the preferred size of a cell
Add a sourcefolder to the builder.
Suspend the execution of the method in the director
Calculates the smallest index i such that delta &gt ; = epsilon.
create a secure server socket
Prints a byte array
Delete a VV Set
Find the index of the key comment in keyvalcomments
Checks if the cookie has expired.
Check if add to home intent is supported by the system
Create a new in - memory store.
Create a new Classannotator object.
Returns the next number in the sequence.
get a new inputstream from cache
Parse the title and return a two element array containing num and title.
Returns the current selection as a string.
Calculates the excitatory ratio of a synapse
Notifies all registered listeners of a root removed
Insert a new object into the priority queue.
} }
Wrap the command so it can be executed on linux.
Parse the SQL query into an abstractdmlquery
Returns the index of the given element in the level. If the element does not exist in the
Returns the number of attributes in this binder.
Consumes a tag name off the queue and returns it.
In - place deep sort of the mary tree.
Remove all listeners from this dispatcher.
Decrypt an encrypted string
Calculates the L - rank loss for a regression problem
Recursively add a cluster and its children.
Prints the attribute update message.
Decode a base64 encoded string to a file.
Removes the least recently used elements from the pool. The number of elements that can be evicted
Generate a new population and add it to the population
start the session
Consultar todos visitantes por defecto
from tbl 1 - > all from tbl 2 - > all from tbl 1
Append a single character to this Writer.
Inserts each instruction in a list before another instruction.
Creates a new instance of a builder.
Count the number of elements in an array.
Processes unprocessed text.
Symmetric Householder reduction to tridiagonal form given x_.
Prints a frame header.
Delete the attribute value.
Push the given attribute set onto the stack.
Finish the scrolling of the tabs.
Add a new range with no upper bound.
Sends the response to the client.
replace all occurrences of oldchars in str with newchar
Returns the text matched by the current regular expression.
Returns the path with the given canonicalized.
Creates a new in memory message exchange store
Starts playing the next track in the playlist.
draw the bitmap with a stroke using a circular mask
Gets the value of the mqttdevice property.
start collecting profiling data.
If the input is null return null. If the input is not null throw an exception.
Convert pixels to meters
method to add a character to the buffer
Computes the length of a vector
Creates the cache.
Creates a new instance of attributelistpanel
; } }
remove a photo from this user
Search for the value in the sorted double array and return the index of the first occurrence of the
Compute and store the best instance of this class in the given bitset.
Copies the contents of the current array into the provided array. The array must be the same
Add a failure to the list of failures
Dump the message stack for debugging.
Creates a set of categories from the given set of categories.
This method is used to start the loadlistener thread for a specific server.
This method uploads a single file on the server. The file is uploaded to the server at
Creates a new sslsocket using the default sslsocket factory.
Recursively formats the node and its children.
Unregister the given mbean interface.
Write the given jpegstream to the given exifoutfilename
Sort the dataset by the given comparator.
Returns true if the exception is caused by a regiondestroyed exception.
Append a new value to the array.
magic variables arguments bundle
Setup parameters for video capture using the pspusbcamsetupvideoex function.
Reads all available users from the given cursor and returns a list of them.
Convert an ISO 8601 string to a date.
Create a DOM from an input stream.
Get the number as a string.
Reset the count of messages.
Schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution at a given time.
Sets the realm field of this header.
Copies a file from the assets folder of the current process to the given file
Determine if two housenumbers are the same
Returns the next number greater or equal to d.
Calculates the threeway distance between the two keys.
Discard whitespace from an array of bytes and pack it.
Use the asynchronous selector implementation.
Removes the child at the given index
Find the differences between two texts using bisect split. x and y are the indices
Paint the provided painter using the provided affinetransform and rendering context.
load all files in a directory into the candidate
Checks whether a throwable has been suppressed on a particular class.
Write a variable size long.
Updates the internal digest with the specified byte.
Writes the contents of the list to the given outputstream.
Check if the initiator is for RP before the migration.
This method should be overridden by subclasses to initialize the state of the object when the state changes.
systemml2 dmlconfig factory method
Returns a new instance with the specified key and default value.
Combine results from multiple reads using the buffer and lastread.
Determine if the current device is a retina device.
Writes the object to the stream followed by a newline.
Sets the resolveinfo value for this activity.
Operation : [ < Rn > ], +/- < Rm >, LSR
Ends the formal type parameters section of the signature.
Advance to the next alphanumeric or digit character.
This method extracts project name from uri.
Add an object to the set of objects to be dereferenced.
Reset the second line of Notes area
Add a required property and its builder
Detect a new cell and add it to the pattern if needed.
headrule constructs a new headrule object for the given direction and rule
Or for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Submit a task. If the queue is full the call will block for at most giveup
Subtract two numbers of different scales using MathContext and a negative scale. The number of fractional
Allocate an xsqlda object from a row descriptor.
Sets the bit at the specified offset with the specified value.
Returns true if the string is null or empty
Add a scroll listener
Returns the current set of callbacks for the current thread and the supplied oldcallbacks if any.
) { }
Translate a Java2D point to a screen coordinate.
update the traffic projections of the airmap
Log a stacktrace for the given throwable at the provided level.
Reads a byte of data from the proxied input stream.
Decodebcd to string.
Draw the background for the shape.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map previously contained a mapping
Adds a new layout editor panel.
Call the wildcardexpander handler if it exists.
Create a new IP interface
Collect all the proposals from the selected view
Instantiates a new extension query.
Ensures that the default namespace is present when creating the image.
Returns a map containing the given entries.
Tests the filtered classifier.
Returns the upper case of the specified string
Choose a random index based on the specified proportions.
Check the width of a rectangle.
grouping the components by the number of its siblings
Count the number of non - newline characters before the first newline.
span is the number of cells on a sparse grid
Override equals method to help comparing zone rules.
Return a human - readable description of the token.
Adds a claimedsignerrole.
Write the given map to the given outputstream.
Sleep the given number of milliseconds.
Restore the state of the output and error streams to the previous state.
Returns the complex conjugate of the two lists of biginteger.
Returns the height of this view in relation to a measure spec.
Puts an array of bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if
Wait for a task completion
Sets the action content and priority.
Find all the islands around a chunk.
Insert a function call.
Calculates the gap for two rectangles a and b
move the current tile to the next in the grid
Checks if the system has a MyO masc booster.
Checks whether an intent is available for a given action.
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngineTest # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] bba,
Send a connect request to the server.
Checks if the certificate is self - signed.
insert a new userroles
Find the nearest words to the given word tokens.
Derutctime constructor.
Adds a new value to the data set.
Rewind the parser to the initial state
Sort the intervals in ascending order and add to result.
This method is called to format a type into a usable format.
Calculates the SHA - 1 of a given keystore file.
Pans the domain axes of the specified source.
init all controllers
Creates a label for the specified checkbox.
Called when a window is closing.
Removes the specified entry from the keystore.
Create a disjoint set with the given number of elements.
print all clusters to the given print writer.
Add a textfield to the given panel.
Removes an existing value from the series.
Factory method for creating a tokenstream from a string and splitting character.
Do a check on the trace of a polyline.
Delete a file or folder.
Increases the size of the internal double array by the given size.
This method is used to encode the provided value. The value should be between lower and upper inclusive
Skips the specified number of bytes.
Creates a new lock file.
Process the request of the tbldsattributemaplisthrefaction request
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if no such key exists.
Handle a swfloadedevent.
show quickreply text
Writes a byte array to the stream.
Checks whether the configuration has changed since the last run.
This is a hack to fix a potential bug where the number of views in a group is not
IOException ; } }
Substitute a header value for a previously set callback.
Creates a service based on a patterntimetable.
Removes an item from the cache
Set the allowed users.
Find the distributed device with the given name.
read copystate from an input stream
Interrupt all threads in this thread group.
Adds a key value pair to the request parameters.
Show a confirmation dialog to the user to confirm an overwrite of the file.
Instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
Find a line in the source file that starts after the given offset.
Clear the sensor set.
Allocate a new non - movable array of the given component type and length.
Load a single file and all of its includes recursively
Assure that proxy is alive.
add a message to the queue
Initialize a key with a hash.
Concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array.
Compare two way objects for forward and backward permission
Reads a byte array.
The number of bytes required to store a chunk of length n.
Provide a hint that the path should use relative paths instead of absolute ones. The default is
Start a new query not related to a previous query.
Closes the current file.
Returns a list of interfaces that are configured on the device
Clear the data lists for a service
Make a new quadedge from two vertices o and d.
Sort the given list of seqs
Sets the value for the given key in the default context.
Recursive method used to find all the files in a given directory and subdirectory that match a
Create a path for an edge of a polygon.
Method to call to free up resources when an asynchronous operation completes.
Run a scenario with the list of methods to call.
Creates the individual cache directory if it does not exist.
Checks if a resource has already been called.
Calls the super method and reads the parameter set from the given input stream
Create a new objidmap.
the criteria to include or join
Creates a new failover connectionpool
prints a formatted string using the default locale.
Initialize the cause of the throwable. This method will invoke the corresponding init cause method of the throwable
Creates a new instance of messagepropertykey
Adds a new thread to the front of the queue waiting to be added to this queue.
If bounded is true then add _str to deserialized set and remove _str from deserialized set
Paint the border.
This method restores checkpoint operator from bytearray
Reads a class from the inputstream.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the given httpcallerinfo object is supported by this class.
Creates a new instance of cprojectconfiguration
Convert a shape to a screen coordinate system.
Add a window to be closed on shutdown.
Instantiates a new performancelogger.
Authenticate a request for the given discovery information. The discovery information is passed as a parameter to
Hash a string using the provided hex string.
Does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring is at least half the
Checks to see if the string is a numeric run.
Tells what kind of URI this is.
Add a glue to a component
Checks whether the given string is a resource reference.
Blocks until all nodes leave the cluster.
Returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
Add a propertyname and asname to the select clause.
Add an interface to the class.
Cuts the string from the index of the given substring.
get http response from registry
iterator over the elements of the queue
Initializes the current authenticated user.
Call the Object finalize method on the given object
Removes the tv show and its children from the tree
Checks the encrypt policy on the device.
Is object o an instance of class c?
Inserts the specified object at the specified location in this List.
Returns the estimated cache response age.
Returns the index value for the given word the index in the array.
Invalidate all switchpoints. This method should only be called when the VM is stopped.
Create a vdcconfig object from vdcinfo object
osxadapter Protected Contructor
Predict the class of an instance.
Wraps the call to the provider s finish method
Check whether the given attachment point is valid for the given datapath id and port.
Fire a clusterchange event to all registered listeners
Add a container to the batched request.
Returns an RGB value for the surface colormodel of the specified pixel
Checks for carry.
Add a component to the bottom of the panel
Delete all files and directories in a set of files and directories.
Create a temporary directory and optionally delete the directory.
Emits the initialization of the class.
Read the cookie from the request.
merge this resource to result if not already done.
Translate a string from a transferable format to a byte array.
Creates a preview buffer
Adds a box to this box at the specified position
Create a position within the content that will track insertion of a marker.
Pad a string. This method is used for the SQL function RPAD and LPAD.
Reset the dtx and fsref fields.
Add a listener to be notified when an activity is created or destroyed.
Adds a username to the list of usernames that are currently muted by the user.
Decode a bitmap from a network response
Override applycomponentorientation to set the cursor to the correct value based on the orientation of the passed
Returns whether the selection is empty.
Finishes writing and closes the underlying stream.
throws Exception ;
Fill an array with random bytes
Draw the lowfarout of the trail.
Returns true if the class is a library class.
Return a new set of objectnames from the filtered set of named objects
Check if the view should be dragged using the specified touch slop.
Creates a new endpoint element in the DOM.
Returns the string representation of this number format.
Should be able to handle multiple resource locking with 10 lock tries.
Receive notification of the beginning of an element.
Serialize the buffer to a byte array.
Parse a string value to a calendar using a specific pattern.
Converts a bitmap to a byte array.
Save a template to a file. If the file does not exist it is created.
Returns an enumeration of all the options.
Adds a transform tree node as a composite.
For all the hexes in the hexset that contain flood marks move all the hexes to
Recursive function that takes in a digitnumber string and expands it to the appropriate digit number
Returns the index of the given character in the specified range of the buffer.
Create a factory to create a standard set of diagnostics using the given prefix.
Returns true if the frontier is empty.
Check if the object is enabled.
Calculate the variance of an array using the given mean
Stashes the user information in the request and response object.
Sends a list of all locations known by the manager
Serializes an XML text node.
Override isinsidesoftwrap to check whether the text is rendered inside the given visual.
Returns true if the particle is valid.
Removes all items from the list.
move to the next _num position.
Precomputes the increased priority of the element with the given value.
Flush the buffer to the underlying stream.
Generate a label for a pie section.
Remove a graph listener
; }
Execute a command without showing an error.
Increment the numeric badge label. If the current badge label can not be converted to an integer value
Create a service configuration from an input stream.
Split the sentence into words using the word tokenization.
Checks if the list of actions contains any failure actions.
Add a word to the dictionary.
Make a deep copy of a matrix.
Checks whether the tag corresponding to the given identifier is in the tag set.
Blocks until a message arrives or the timeout expires.
Parse a date from a string.
copy a file or a directory to another directory
Use the given pokemongo api.
read a number of bytes from the stream
Encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the default charset. Unsafe characters are
Tests sorting a list of elements by their number of attributes.
Create a new inspace predicate using the supplied values.
Recursively delete a file or directory printing an error if it fails to delete.
Prepare a list of sortkey statements.
ofinstructionexperimenter to string.
Prints the magnitudes of the distribution to standard out.
Creates a new curator client instance and starts it.
Adds the cvnumbers to the tooltip.
Reads characters until the end character is encountered ignoring escape sequences.
Copies the attributes from one attributeset to another ensuring that they are not longer than _num
Closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream. Once the stream has
Update the amount on the card with the new total amount.
Tests the creation of a new instance with unique relation name and attributes
Evaluate the AVT and return a String.
Read dex byte array from a file
Adds a listener to the set listening to frame updates for this animation.
Sends a commercial to the given stream
Recursively add a list of children to the given sub - tree at the given index.
that is a whilestatement
Calculates the incomplete gamma function.
initialize active slots list
convert actiontype to intent
Hide a key.
get imqtttoken from the data and remove it from the map return the imqtt
Checks if is explicit alltype.
Reads text until the specified delimiter is encountered. Consumes the text and the delimiter.
Throws assertionerror if the configured value is not valid.
Returns true if this node is a leaf.
Checks the number of characters in the text to ensure it is a valid number.
Null - safe interrupt.
Write this XML element to the outputstream.
Adds a new border layout component to the container.
do a putall operation on the entire cache.
Load a layout from the specified file.
This method will track the given file for deletion at the given marker.
Separatorstounix replaces any windows separator with the unix separator.
Checks if the request has the specified parameter.
Return the amount of free memory in the given window.
tests if a string is a SQL 99 non - reserved keyword
Sorts the specified list using the specified comparator. The algorithm is stable which means equal elements do
Write the current block to the journal and return the number of bytes written.
Gets the value of the appendtaskname property.
Convert a string to a bytearray
Make a random cache entry.
Find the maximum value in an array.
Checks if the element is the start of a new element.
Reads a 64 - bit long from the stream.
Remove the instance at the given index from the list.
Extracts the accesskey from the s3 uri.
Choose a database and run a transaction on it.
Adds the given boolean value to the current string.
Copies the elements of the source array to the destination array except the specified element.
Set the list of sites to monitor
union the ip ranges.
Get a single vertex by its identifier.
Atomically adds the supplied value to the current value.
Start a new timer with the given label and detail.
Calculates the Euclidean norm of the vector
Harmonic Accuracy. Multi-label only.
Write a cache entry to the cos stream.
Creates a new instance of closeableanimatedbitmap.
Read the labels of a label file and return a string containing the label symbols.
Returns a copy of this set with the given converter added. If a matching converter is already in
Attempts to marshal the object list into a XStream.
Sort the map either submaps or tailmaps based on messageuids from and to
Dumps the index to logger.
Compares a parameter from the jdiff template with the parameter from reflection.
Generate random number of size n directly into num
JSON string escaping.
Write the contents of this stream to the given outputstream.
Check the hierarchy of a set of heading elements.
returns an iterator of elements in the list
documentation inherited from the MouseWheelListener interface
the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted here
Returns true if this imfmarkertype is equivalent to the other imfmarkertype.
Get the list of workspace screens from the db.
Render the given node to the given writer.
Helps with error message.
Multiplies this matrix by a scale matrix with specified values.
Changes the state of the linked imic to the unlinked one
buffer the geometry by the segments and return the result as a new geometry
record the end time of the request
Check whether the user is a tokibana of one of the given filters.
Clear the table model
Returns the index for the specified primitive type.
Load a configuration from an XML file.
Get the parameter as a string
Calculates the grid sizes for the text.
Force buffered operations to the filesystem.
Expand the shared array with a larger array of names.
Adds a request property to the request header.
update the clientaddress of the server member
Determines if a table is shared and level only.
Gets the runnable that decrements by one the runnable value.
This method is called when an action is performed. If the pressed command equals the _str the
Serializes the object to a byte array.
resolve modulepointer by module name
Add a new certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are part of the certificate.
Creates a new nar class loader and loads all classes from the specified nar working directory.
Gets the block.
Apply the substitution to an array of typebindings. The number of original types will be kept
check if the user is scrolling the image
Test one filter in the same document with the same filter in the other.
Constructs a new edge instance.
Generates the instruction to push the given type on the stack.
Create an extended textlabel for the text between start and limit.
Pads the string at the right with the specified character until it reaches the desired length. If
Check if the specified feature is supported by the specified version of this node.
Atomically removes all of the elements from this deque. The deque will be empty after this call
Reads a quoted descriptor from the stream.
Outputs the results in csv format.
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the
Assign a value for the id field.
Writes an integer to the outputstream as a swapped little endian integer.
Returns true if the stream is open.
Performs a list search and returns a list of all the entities in the list.
Convert a soapelement to a string
Close the writer and delete the lockfile.
Initializes the static camera manager.
Compare two objects for equality.
Write a boolean.
Load a set of text files and train the model.
Test comprehension of a query using an openldap with a limit on the number of
Use the default locale for the default format.
Funtions used -- -- -- -- -- - UTILITY dmax dmin dmax
Writes a fixed - width 32 bit integer in the fixed - width format to the given output
queue cube load in async mode
Checks if an object is available now.
{ }
Finds the largest message id in the database.
Remove a listener
Returns a copy of the current thread s log and clears the log.
urldecode with slight modifications
Verify that the gettables functions return a result set.
Adds a collection of objects to the dataset.
Reset the current file list for the given log.
Initialize the compose state
) ; }
Parse a date of the form yyyymmdd or yyyymmddThhmmssZ
Creates a new regex file filter using the specified pattern and the specified case sensitivity.
This method will execute a query on the server.
Write a byte array to the stream.
UTF - 8 encodes s as a query string.
Returns a currency given a symbol.
Parses the supplied xsd : float string and returns its value.
create a new instance of a JavaContentInterface
Show a dialog to request a password to be sent to the share link.
force to allocate memory to avoid big arrays
Put the entry into the cache.
Scale the enlargement by the scale factor.
Intersect this clip with another rectangle. As a result this clip will become the intersecting rectangle
Check if the jvm can get an int.
Adds a new waiter to wait queue.
{ } }
Returns the portion of the input that consists of unprintable code units.
Linewise equality of strings.
Log a warning with an exception as its stack trace.
Returns the full form of the given string.
clear password expiration warned time.
Strips the language country and variant from the locale.
Append a time zone to the stringbuffer.
Remove all listeners attached to this object
Pads the given string to the left with the given number of characters to ensure that it is
Sets the flag that if true scores are shown.
Writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default
helper function for the kernel evaluation
Returns a connection to a H2 database.
Clears the value of the field with the given name and appends it to the given string
Clears the internal state of the coordinates list and starts recoordinate tracking
Add a input method listener
Add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list. If addFooterView is called
Load the driver class for the given URL.
Adds a new document to the index.
Put a new command with a list of names.
Write column auto increment statement.
Save GCM data to shared preferences.
Write the block light to a buffer
Execute a search query.
Returns the next token if it matches the specified pattern. The token will be both prefixed and
Adds a new call duration to the statistics.
Paint solid background.
Adds a set of default values to an attribute.
This method is used to encode the product in order to the required form.
Gets the value of the metadatamodifiedsincelastpublication property.
Sets the resource directories.
If usingclass is true add a genericstype to the class node cn.
Push an import href onto the stylesheet stack.
Create a string representation of the results of a validation map.
Sort the test suites
Append the given events to the end of the array.
Adds a marker with the given name and thread.
Replaces all the occurrences of a with b in c
reflect member variables in finalbutton.
Test for the methods : < code > seekxwapapplicationid < /code > seek
Remove all rules from this object.
Check if a file is writable.
} }
Validate the relying party from the request.
Rotate the matrix by the given angle in radians.
Start a service host for a service instance.
Notify the reader of available space in the pipe. If the writer is asleep wake it.
calculate the number of columns required to contain a character with specified base.
Sets the value of this optional.
Creates a new instance of Kafkamessagelistenercontainer.
Delete the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore.
Returns the specified group of the input matcher as a string
Translates the line using the given vector
Reject the command.
Calculate menu margin
Add a pending ram to the game.
Creates a list of color ints from an array of resource ids.
Test config file property.
Generate a salt value based on the current salt header
Add a projectorlistener.
Select the next tuple expression in the list.
Method writebcdnumber
Adds a message to the history.
Start the executor process and monitor for the given container.
Convert a string to a date using the given dateformat.
Implement the visitor interface for a subclass.
Load the list of the latest extensions from the registry.
Start the node and call the serializer.
clearbit ( int n ) outside a negative number
Compares to two bigdecimals of different scales
Reads a byte from the stream.
Cancels autocompletion.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Set the proxy hostname.
Verifies that the setter methods are valid for the given fields
Extracts element at current take position advances and signals. Call only when holding lock.
Generate a random string that contains a positive float
Reset all textbox indexes except those in the excludedlist
Learn a device using the given characteristics.
Get the data from the level zero.
Show the dialog version
Count the number of times the character c appears in the string.
Colorize the image with the specified color
Reads up to limit bytes from the inputstream.
Searches the target string for the first occurrence of the pattern starting at the specified string.
Determines the order in which the preloading process will be done.
Execute a command
Remove an environment variable.
Calculate the string to be returned based on the scorethreshold and lambda
peek at the top of the stack
Tests the issigned function with a number.
Returns the index of the last occurrence of the unix or windows separator characters in the specified filename.
judge if a point is inside the view
Unroll the bounds in place.
Delete a quota
Creates a new HTTP Basic Auth header using the supplied username and password.
Add a new extent entry and enable the remove button
Return the transport network cached or null if not cached.
Read a file and build a tree from it
Is all granted boolean.
Synchronously executes the specified runnable.
send the next message over the network
Add field for attribute.
Checks if a particular token is a session token.
Return the root mean squared error of two data sets
Export this H2O frame to a bytebuffer.
Create hashmap for account details
Rotates the subtree so that its root becomes the new root.
Updates the first button and the experimental dataset first panel.
Update the moving average with a new value.
Paint the series for a specific series
Checks a class signature.
Select the cardletaid cardletaid by appid and suffix
Add a root entry.
Creates a new source object from a URL.
check that one servlet in the same document is merged into another servlet in the same document
Extracts a regular expression from the polynomial
Enables or disables the use of the finalize method when a child process exits.
add a result to the search results
Register a batch fix to be applied at the highlight event.
Adds a new file to the archive.
Check that the element has no attributes.
The start of the document
Dump the layout hierarchy of a device.
Registers an observer to be notified when the rule changes
Send local heartbeats to the bartender.
Serialize a message to an outputstream.
Initialize the sslengine.
Sets the source of the getbuffer to use.
This is the parser for the named program.
setbit ( int n ) zero
Save a model in a XStream file.
Sort and collapse the spans
Split the data set randomly.
Removes the prefix from the path if it exists
Publish to an MQTT server.
Remove a child of this node
Concatenate two int streams
Determines whether two strings are equal by comparing them using the framework.
Force authentication of the user.
Fetch the user credentials from the userconfig.
Stop the server.
The implementation for pushmessagesync ( ) function.
Write data to a characteristic
Returns a link for a message element
Parse a text stream to a list of objects using a transformer that converts each line to a string
remove a given jsonelement from the list
Send a stream to the server as a byte array.
sort brokeritems by type
Should we escape XML special characters?
Update pathconstraints for a given test
Compact an existing b - tree with one non - empty index.
returns true if the given classloader is a p2ploader
Removes the subtrailers of the decoded subject.
Advances to the next input stream in the source iterator.
bitmap to byte array
Inflate a short name into a full GData name. GData prefixes are resolved from the
Add a warning event handler. High priority handlers ONLY get high priority warnings and they are notified
Prints a length string.
Write a simple attribute with the given name and value.
Convert the attribute set to a syntax description.
Writes a buffer to the socket.
Skips a member value.
Recursive method to process the nested join event.
generates the minimalmatsim config file with the parameter substitutions
Take a request from the queue.
Converts a location in the grid to a column number.
Returns a list of all files in the directory matching the filenamefilter
Generates a drop statement.
Register all child listeners.
check if the scroll is out of bounds
Returns all instructions which are somewhat relevant for the returned object of the method. The instructions are visited
Returns whether the lock is locked locally.
Attempts to move the cursor to a new position given the deltay. The deltay is
test negative and negation of two bigintegers
Override the default deleteleftword method to use the input connection instead of the cursor directly.
Cumulative density static version
Read a continuous dataset with the given delimiter. The file is always closed.
Generate a native guid for storage port from indication sourceinstancesystemname and portnetworkid
Returns true if the paths are contiguous
Creates a new fast string reader.
Add a field to load and return as part of the query
Return current date in the given format
Initialize the stream buffer size.
Register a new sensor and add it to the list of active sensors and last used sensors.
Parse a number from a string value. If the string can not be parsed the defaultvalueprovider
Return the probe s next average.
Apply replacement to the contents.
Creates a new instance of keyimpl
Returns a string representation of this object.
Processes the given list of packages.
Check if the edge is in the given direction with the given facing and delay.
Parses the path.
Makes the given variable available.
Verify that the contents of the file just read from the header and that the magic number and version
Checks if the media type is supported by the stream.
Export the transitive dependencies of a parse tree.
This is a temporary workaround for https : //bugs.eclipse.org/bug
Check if a network is available
Returns a random string of length _num from the provided source string.
Creates the list of expected partition value entities for the given partition key group name and list of partition
Get the text as a string.
Register a runnable to run on the local machine.
Write this message to the specified output stream.
Extracts the softreference from the given object and returns the corresponding value.
Formats a long number to string.
Remove a component from the list of contributed components
Copies a page from the current position in the file into an outputstream.
Write part of an array of bytes.
assert that the backup map contains no null values
Handles the case where a metadata error occurs for a tenant.
Check if the current state matches one of the required states.
Sort the list of movies
Construct a new keyvalue list parser for the specified delimiters.
poll stats broker for stats
Makes the given pathname acceptable by this acceptor. If the acceptor does not accept the
Returns true if the edge intersects the cell boundary.
Update overlay contents with the current lookat position and altitude.
Returns a human - readable name for the type.
region > createstatemachine
Clean up when this object is no longer needed. Should not be called by users directly.
Reads the object from the input stream
Return a right triangle of given height at the given point
Lookup a terminal by name string.
Create a new layout block or return null if it already exists.
allow user to alter certain values in the jpedal parameters
Escapes the given regular expression.
Create a char buffer based on a string.
Updates the promo visibility using the provided percentage.
Create a new value geometry from the given byte array and geometry
This method is executed after the propagation of the instructions. It flushes all the new instructions to
check if the so - file exist in the target directory
common to all statements
Show a GUI message with an image.
}
Walk the file tree recursively.
Layout the springs with the baseline at the given origin.
Read an int from the array
Add a property change listener
Unregister a dependent preference.
Validates the storagepolicyselection.
string representation of the Cobweb tree
Convert a collection to an array of the given component type.
Format the given problem files for the given formatter.
Computes the distances between all nodes in the graph and all edges in the graph that have
Returns the current position of the input stream.
Adds a frequency to the message.
Parses a header value.
Slice the specified interval for the specified time grain.
Determine if the Expression is a generified word.
Receive notification of a XSLT processing error.
Creates a new request from the given information.
Run the test case.
Uses the localfsfilefetcher to download the tlog files to the tmp directory.
Reads the file attributes of a file from its handle.
Add all the participants for replay.
Create a panel containing a checkbox.
Calculates the probability of each instance in the database.
Convert the value to a string if it is not null.
Creates a new kernel with the specified values and offset.
Initialize the worklist for all congruenceclasses
Once the model is linked the imported names are cleared and the cached members cleared.
exception ; }
Called when a tree is expanded.
This method returns true if the specified object is in the array.
Returns true if the version numbers in v1 and v2 match.
overridden in TCCL
Processes a schemacomplextype node updating the element factory.
Push annotatorsref and set its value
Returns the compact representation of the version number.
sequence a query
Expunge stale entries from the table.
Returns the rest of the list.
Create a list of integers from an array of integers.
Tear down after testing.
This method is called when a new object is removed from the BeanContext. This method looks for the
recalculate estimated completion date given a priority and a start date
Adds a document type to the packet.
Determine if a table exists.
Check element has attributes.
Returns the position of the next token after position pos in specification spec if that token exists in that
Updates the GL state based on the state of the rendering queue.
Compute the HPD interval of a vector using the specified proportion.
Check if directories exist on the disk
Adds a port to the already allocated context.
Convert to UTF - 8 string.
Write a list of longs to the output stream
Tells whether the given attribute is defined.
show the loading stage
Removes all elements from the hash table.
Removes the key and its associated value from this map.
full block in the inputstream should be the last block
Run the test case.
Convert an IP address to a set of bytes
reply message to client
Adds the necessary headers to the HTTP request.
Adds a long selection listener
print a newline
Returns the string representation of this MCapabularies.
Set clientid and comms for debug.
ALTER THE CASE ALTERER
Gets the value of the ackrequired property.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Add a reporter to the icon.
Draw the selection rectangle.
Instantiates a new conversionexception.
Check if the initiator has connectivity to all the storagesystems
Construct a new derivation from a marked node.
plus with a positive mathcontext
Test tostring method with a negative radix
Convert an abstract syntax tree to a cabstractor expression
Display the panel in a new window.
jsontokener.
Reads a sequence of characters from standard input ; compresses them using Huffman codewords
Use a custom tokenizer factory
Compute the azimuth label offset for the arc that will be drawn with the current azimuth and
Add all the values from the given resource bundle to the defaults
Invoked when the display has changed.
This method will extract the methods of the given class and return a stream of them. If the
set serveraddress of the application
Removes an item from the list.
Choose a random enemy force.
Is the given block reachable from the given destination node?
Sort the list of storage pools based on their storage pools and their associated ports
add overlays to the rhythm group
Returns a new resource for the given path.
Returns true if running Jenkins is olderthanleopard.
Returns an enumeration of all the available options.
Escape a string for use in an XML content context.
Feed forward through the network
Searches the directory for the file with the specified name.
Compare the results of the control and cloud clients.
Get the elements that match the xpath expression.
Creates a clcontext from the current OpenGL context
Collapse the tree so that only the root node is visible.
queue player capability replacement for a server
Remove a vetoablechangelistener from the current object.
Set up the streamthroughput.
Parse the command line given in the arguments.
Edit a bookmark
Convert an array of UTF - 32 bytes into a string.
Create the bounds of the element
This method records the number of occurrences of each word in a row starting from a specified point.
Find method with list of parameters
Returns the index of the first illegal character after the current character.
Decode the contents of the byte buffer into a character buffer.
New fast clock minute.
Add a creature respawnpoint to the response.
Fill the list with all orgaccesses for this role
{ System. out. println ( ) ; } ;
Generates a certificate object and initializes it with the data read from the input stream in.
Returns a pretty string representation of the object.
Generate the rolling periods for the specified datetimeunit
This method returns the counter associated with the given enum key. If no counter exists for the enum
add message to uri
Runs the test case.
Sets the mode of the engine.
Expunge stale entries from the list
This method is called when a new resource is created from the builder.
Fire a vetoable change event to all the child beans.
Perform full backup on each of the configured volumes.
Removes the connection list of the given tab
Paint all of the range rings of a circle.
Replaces any windows separators to the proper windows separator.
Attempts to translate the current position in the input buffer as a string and append pending text.
Optimize a trie by removing gaps in the rows and inserting a new root.
Install an after handler.
Attempt to shutdown if the connection is still open.
Creates a storage entity with the given name storageplatform and attributes
Display the specified information line if applicable.
Write a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
java. security. Signer # sign ( String _str identityscope )
Invoke a static method.
Creates a new regular expression npannotator
Remove the loopsafepoint of the first loop in the given structuredgraph
Override binditem in databindingbindings.
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
Adds new values to the statistics.
Returns the date instance for a given number of days before the specified date.
Returns the number of elements that the cache can hold without evicting.
Calls the super method and writes the conservativeapproximation of the knn distance
Add data to the heap.
Paint the row.
Add a label and text field.
On track point start.
Combines the specified lists of byte arrays into a single array.
Commit is called for each provider and checkin.
Returns true if this worker can spawn any worker.
Compares the specified object with this sessionid for equality. Returns true if the specified object is
Checks if the two offlineplayers have the same identification.
Adds a name value pair to the set of parameters without a trailing space.
Returns the instances in the dataset as a string without the header
Always non - null.
Internal method for removing from a list
Construct a new amprimarymastheadviewbean.
; }
Initialize a new layer of neurons with the given number of nodes
Returns the angle of the point p in radians.
Fire the neuron moved event to all registered listeners.
Create a x509certificate from a byte array of bytes.
selectionchanged is called when the selection has changed
Parse the termsack parser
Formats a string with a number of parameters.
Set the H2 database server.
Count a number of rows in the table.
Derives the confidence value from the base count.
Add a parameter. If the number of values is less than the number of parameters then the values
Create a new bytearraydatasource from an inputstream.
Parse a string value to the required type
Add a new LimitLine.
Read the function and data from the file.
Fills the buffer with more data from the stream.
Inflate a DER - encoded byte array.
Creates a new array containing all of the elements in this queue.
Adds legends to the canvas
Fetch the metadata for a given table and store it in the tableevent.
Return the host name in encoded form.
Reads more data from the input stream.
Flush the log records in the file.
pagecreatorbuttons Creates a new page from a list of pages.
And for two numbers of different signs and the same length
Create a new device specific export mask create workflow for the list of initiators.
Compares two fractions.
Create a uri for a given key.
Read a signed short value from the stream.
Load the list of projects from the database
Syllable syllabification on a phone number.
Removes the node at the front of the frontier.
Checks if the given path is a file
This equals method must not change - do NOT add new code.
Creates a new Zookeeper instance configured with the specified port.
Creates a new basic condition with the specified variable value and relation.
Read stop words from the given path.
Returns the string representation of the revision data
Remember the barrier generation and wake up everyone. Called only while holding lock.
Filters according to type.
send log event
Writes the stacktrace of the given throwable to the given streamoutput.
Builds a distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
This method returns the string representation of the supplied number. The number is assumed to be of type
Loads an imageelement with a specified attachment id.
Creates a new thread register values object.
The configuration parameters to pass to the launcher.
Checks if the trigger button is selected.
Inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list starting at the specified position.
Calculate score for the entire week.
Removes the given scanning callback.
Paint the rectangle with the back image.
Return the probe s next average.
Is current row the current pagebreak
Shutdown the pool of executor services
Checks if the given character is a part of a proposition symbol.
Sets the output parameters to the identity matrix
Returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string.
Returns an enumeration of the options.
Convert to a string from an array of indices.
Truncate a string to a given length.
fromheight is the block from which we started rebuilding the transactions
Load groovy script.
Clean the dirty region for a particular event.
Sort a list of fields using the given sort order.
Returns true if the progress was successful.
Starts the location service
delete a resource configuration
Creates a new instance of busmovement
This method returns the size of the most recently used file
Creates the GUI of the panel.
Generates a random float between two limits
supported types for item provider adapter factory
Adds a new Tracer.
Grows the array by a given number of entries.
Damage this score by the given amount.
This test is disabled due to a bug in the code coverage
Creates a new empty graph
Removes the trailing number from the version
Queries the inventory
adds the log probability of the incoming interval to the set of intervals if it is not a
Returns the contents of a file as a string. The file is always closed.
Use this editor to create a new embayesest dataset.
Save data to disk.
Convert a map to an XML element using the given XML serializer.
Whether the indicated index needs to be preloaded.
Generate a new challenge token for a specific address
Main driver for the typecheck algorithm
Run a task retrying if the task throws an exception.
If value is a list converts it to an array and packs it. Otherwise returns value.
Remove a specific interrupt request from the queue.
Indicate that the user failed to update the graph data.
Inflate a vector drawable from the given resource id.
Returns the offset of the given field in the object
Add an annotation to the measurement.
Writes a byte array to the stream.
Concatenates the IV and ciphertext using the specified array of bytes.
Sets the timestamp to the given value.
Instantiates a new material package.
Finds an edge in the graph that is in the same direction
Acquire probabilities for a string.
This method is called when a health issue is resolved.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
Browse all the classes of a database
just need to add the unique values to agg set
Returns true if the entity with the given name is unparsed.
Flush the stream.
Percent encode the input string using the default URL encoding
Processes focus lost events.
This method will add a new request property if the key and value are allowed
execute a task
Serialize a type to a bytebuffer
Populate submissions list from jplagcentral
checks if the provided bit string is a valid value.
Moves the internal pointer to the next record in the file. If the next record is different
Compose a single component from two input indices.
Write the contents of this buffer to the specified outputstream.
Removes a treemodellistener from this component.
Sets the uriname.
Add a view to the projected stream.
Reads a number of bytes from the given recorder.
Clears the candiesstore object
Returns a hash value for the specified object. If the object is a byte array it will be
Adds the given parse template to the email.
Try to attach an image to the camera
Returns the minimum of two values if the first value is NaN.
Allows the mlet service to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the MBean server
matchstring or throw exception
Returns a string representation of the given annotation value suitable for inclusion in a Java source file as the
Allocate a new bytebuffer based on the specified capacity.
Adds a new value to the series.
Checks the validity of a collection attribute. If the attribute is not valid a warning will be generated
Put a string into the buffer without doing any null checks and updating the position.
Process an external entity declaration.
Alpha controls the smoothing of the data. Alpha = 1 retains no memory of past values
Create a class descriptor from a field signature
Parses the response to a getnfcserviceticketresponse.
Schedule a task for execution after a specified delay.
Draws an ellipse at the specified coordinates with the given semimajor and semiminor
Overrides swapcursor to move the new cursor as the new cursor.
Increase the flushing lock by one thread.
checks if the class is a class that can be randomized
Generate a native guid for the given devicetype and serialnumber
The keys method will create a new secretkey object from the supplied string.
Create a writable child raster that will have a subset of the bands of this raster. The x
Alphabetically sorts all the children of a node
Return an integer with a Poisson distribution with mean lambda.
Is a builtin sound available for the given sound identifier?
Iterate over all the serializers
object name or object name.
;
; }
Draw the arc.
Formats a date using a format string.
Decode the base 64 encoded byte array.
Sets the algorithm used to calculate the message digest.
Mergesort method for an array.
Copies the acls to a new list
Copy a number of bytes from a bytebuffer into this byte array.
response is a list of avsreplaceallitem and avsreplaceenqueued
Makes a request to the API and notifies the listener of the result. This must be
Remove a view from the callback if the view is in the bucket.
Consume a CSS identifier. The identifier must be a word or an any of the following characters
test for the number of entries and the number of values
Serialize this object and all its contents to a kxml serializer.
Rollback the transaction and remove the temporary file.
Parses the geometry information from the geometry string.
write the data to the socket
Searches in this vector for the index of the specified object. The search for the object starts
Tells whether an undo operation can be performed.
Calculate the destination image for a given uxf and compilation unit
When an event is received from a project.
; }
Updates the list of visible tab IDs.
add this node to the semnodes table if it does not exist already
Show the previous notification if there is one.
Calls the super method and writes the parameter isleaf to the specified output stream.
Adds an input node to the B - tree.
Initialize the postgres connection based on the configuration.
This method is used to register an object read from the objectstream at the current read handle.
Add an extension header
Merges this frame with the given frame.
Execute a keytool command.
SmoothSnap to position.
update property to value 2 in properties file
Unassign service from the user.
Expand the cluster to include density - reachable items.
Returns the address of the elements of a float array.
Allocates transfer buffers and fills them up with data from the backing device for bulk transfer
This method is used to output all of the lines from the left and right border to the output
This method is used for adding a new payment to the system.
Attempt to register any unregistered extension namespaces.
Removes all objects and clears the texts.
delete the display name of a existing user
Creates a new type from the given AST and a variable declaration.
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values
wait for all iterators to be cleared
Adds a lifecycle listener.
Find the index of the path.
Destroy a volume
Create a generalpath with a stackspline.
validate whether the cool down setting is valid
Convert the megabytes to bytes.
Generate the zonesetclonename
IOException ; }
Build a select statement.
Make the badge visible in the UI.
Returns true if the key is a URI key.
Receive a number of bytes from the device. This method will block until at least one byte is
Add a new ofchannelhandler and send the role to the ofchannelhandler.
Send data to the client.
Copies from a collection into the current array. The values of the given collection are copied into
Convert an entity to a byte array.
Adds an arg after the command and any options.
create a new namespace handler with the given namespace.
Calculates the covariance matrix for the variogram given a set of kriging points.
Deserialize a file to an object
check if the segment is merged or not
generate the parameters for a PBE encryption using the keyspec.
add emojicongroup list
Measure the end of the measurement and update the status.
Should the path be included.
Generate the specified number of units and return them as an arraylist
Returns an automaton that accepts the concatenation of the given automata.
Used to notify listeners that the contents of a data model has changed.
Creates a new Harwell - Boeing split from an array of integer values
read the next object from the inputstream
javax. net. ssl. SSLSocket
Convert user input to a fully qualified path.
Calculate the stamp of a resize of n bits.
Read a byte.
Computes the HKDF by using the SHA - 256 algorithm.
Checks if the given emote is ignored by the user.
Returns true if the specified property is allowed for this object.
Read roster XML from file
Create a new instance of biginteger with a sign and an array of zero length
Accept an incoming connection from a server.
Transcode a file using the given transcoder.
Report download progress through the database if necessary.
Create a new XML document.
Set the grains of the CS CS CS asset.
add new request handler list
Draws a data point on the graphics object.
this function will send each object in the set to the proc
private int _num ;
Locates a field on an object that has a specified name.
converts a byte array to an opensslsession
add the dumpfile to the set of files to be printed
DATE BY ordinal boolean.
Is the given page number in the range of this page?
This method is called when the object is no longer needed.
Convert a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a typed list
Sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created
Add a new table to the system catalog and to the linked table entry
Remove a configuration listener.
Adds all recycled views to the given list. This method is not thread safe.
This method is fired when the tab is opened.
Schedule a new task.
Add two identity hash values to a given hash.
Parse a string of one or more vectors into an array of doubles.
Returns a string containing the global information of the Argus.
Creates a concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the
Same as findandinit but uses the element list from the iterator instead of the element list.
Decode a datasource properties interface from an XML document
Returns the next character in the iterator.
Adjust the row heights of the supplied table
list of uris for a list of volumes
Parse a string into a number of formatstrings.
Updates the index column buttons according to the current selection index.
URL For POIs search
Wait for the decoder to finish.
convert content of a wiki page to plain text
Continues a multiple - part encryption or decryption operation depending on how this cipher was initialized.
The packed params are packed into a single int _num.
Execute an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Returns true if the entry is a locksubject.
Overrides the same method of the same name.
Add a new action to the actions list
Display the help for a particular file. If the helpfile does not exist it will be created
Store the location in the app preferences.
Returns the or of the best and the best of the two best coordinates.
Compares the specified object with this list for equality. Returns true if the specified object is also
Produce a string from a row of jsonarray.
Removes a table from the database.
Check whether the given category is hidden.
Returns true if the volume is a full copy source.
Soft assert for linearregression model comparison
entity maintpermcheck check.
Test the successful completion of the quorum.
use permissionpregrant callback to request permission if needed
Pause thread for the specified duration logging any exceptions that are thrown during the sleep.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Reads a number of characters from the current position
Reads a byte from the underlying stream.
call a nonvirtual boolean method that returns a boolean value.
Determines if the given instruction contains a particular variable.
Project importer.
check various sorted values of doubles ( in ascending order )
Check if the class is registered in the registry
Loads a class by name.
Wait for ongoing operations to finish.
Checks if all components of the testgeometry are in the target geometry
Attempt to create the resource using the submitted form data
Create a new endpoint with the specified URL and security modes.
Parse the next value.
Default time zone with default time zone.
Returns a list of the given elements in order.
Allocate a number of bytes and increment the counter.
Adds an attribute to the current element of the DOM Document.
create a directory in a container.
Fills an array of ellipses
Zoom the domain axes by the given factor.
Refresh the list of due challenge counts
Creates a new identity matrix
convert a awt image to a swt image
check if the unlimited strength policy is available
Current soft limit in the rss of the process
add totals to all columns of a layout
Fill the stack trace.
Check if the filetype is supported by any midifile writers.
Make the object immutable.
Returns a random real number uniformly in [ 0 1 )
Read all the values from the default service
Compare and increment workercount atomically.
Make items for a given finger position.
Returns true if the path is a windows path i. e. if the path starts with a
Process a raw character value.
Adds a child element with the given name and value to the given parent element.
Do any of the elements of the current accountschema have their segments balanced?
Parses all attributes in the given reader and returns an attribute set.
Read a binary file into a byte array.
Use the streaming API to verify that the solution to this test is a list of ibindingset
add a new term to the phrase.
This method is called if the threshold has been exceeded.
Remove the specified index interval.
Rebuild the event list from scratch.
Creates an instance of diskstorefactory.
Recursively delete all subdirectories and files.
Add a number of bytes to the end of the byte array.
Marks a register as being reserved by a drop.
Register all the default resolvers
Processes the authentication response from the server.
Adds the bytearray to the pool if it is not already available.
}
Initialize the list of acceptable methods.
Attempts to lock the order. Returns true if the order was successfully locked false otherwise.
Put a new RTP packet on the queue
Convert a string array to an XML element.
if there are more than _num usernames in the devnamemap use new usernames.
Creates a new instance of jdbcdata.
Stores the stack for a particular exception
Initialize the secureelfformatter
Reads the data from the url.
Checks the validity of the recurrence defined by this recurrence rule.
Create a new random energy network with a certain id.
Convert a number into a human readable number of kilobytes.
Request a new pending intent for the given pending intent class name
Returns true if the method is static.
stringutils testing
Unify the line separators in a string.
Decrypt a key using a password.
Sets the configuration for the given platforms.
Fills a grid based on a selection. The selection may be moved so that it does not
Locates a field in an object that matches the supplied name.
Calculate the position of the break token in the text.
convert a shapetilesimplex object to a shapetilesimplex object
Inject content into the destination file.
Checks if a charsequence is empty.
Creates a boolean setting or returns the default value
Method disconnectionnotification.
Find a matching service for a template
Generate a key for a new object. If the object does not exist or is already a guid
This method returns an array containing all of the elements in this vector in proper sequence.
Delete a file or directory.
Initialize the regular expression pattern.
Splits the string on new_line and adds to the file
Update the list of attachment points and return true if any changes were made.
Removes softwraps after the given offset.
Format a dps value.
Truncates the string to the specified length if it is longer than the specified string. If
Returns a new sorted set containing all elements contained in this sorted set between the two specified endpoints.
check if the legion is still in the process of disbanding
Indexes the given field of the given tuple.
Iterates from this number down to the given number inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Parse the attributes of the given element.
Read fully into the buffer.
insert fullscreeninfo into list
Returns an inputstream from a string.
Add an item to the dataset.
copy acls from one cifsshare to another
Parse the input source into a resourcelistparser object
Remove all the entitlements from a delete request.
Incorporates the signed properties into the qualifyingpropertiesdom
create a channelselection object based on the contrastmethod
Returns the average value in the specified array.
Gets the depth of the stack.
Do a comparison test.
Import a text file
Get the list of file cos ids.
Add a monitor task to the queue
Insert a new node into a given parent node at the specified position.
Return the probe s next sample.
Write a list of lines to a file
Verify the given chunk authentication tag matches the one at the specified index.
Guess mime type from extension.
Register a new annotated methodbinder.
Parse the route file.
Remove a dteddirectoryhandler from the list of removed handlers.
Convenience method to add a file to the zip file.
Reads the next token in the stream.
split from a given vector of snmpvarbinds up to a given limit number of elements
init the urbansimzonewriter for the configuration
Called when the view is reset.
Adds the specified task to the list of delayed tasks by this thread.
Find all occurrences of the regular expression and replace them with the replacement.
Migrate all entities in the migration.
Captures a different string for a given application name.
This method is called when a child thread is resumed.
The graphical representation of the labels on the X axis.
Encodes a byte array into a Base64 string.
ecfieldf2m instances are exactly the same.
make a new instance
Recursively load a binary file inputstream and close the inputstream.
returns whether it is a long or double type
Add sections to the configuration of the specificationRunner.
Consumes a CRLF.
Process the logout request.
Override equals to help comparing coverageintvdt objects
Blocking call to accept a file.
Adds a list of options that are contained in the values to the list of arguments.
Checks if the current activity is still valid. If not throws an exception.
Start the scanner
islandingpage returns true if the url is a page that should be displayed in the landingpage
Write row count definitions for the table creation to the specified buffer.
send a string to the client.
Initialize the manager. This includes cleaning the expired tokens and updating the token bundles.
Find a field by its field id.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Does the work of getting the path.
Sign the given content using the configured key and algorithm.
check the next token is a match for a string
deserialize a byte array into an object using a classloader
Creates a new interval implementation.
Checks if the value for the given key is present in the dict.
}
Bind an outputstream to this context and return it.
Init the map layer with the initial zoom
Calculate the samples skewness value for a data set
Extract a span from the given string that includes the HTML tags between start and end.
The method to call when the chain finishes.
True if the response has a delay.
Push boolean value on to the space preservation stack depending on the value of the `` space '' attribute
Close the dialog with a positive message.
Creates an inputstreamreader for the given inputstream and encoding.
Deliver a message to a specific consumer
Decode the specified message with the specified extension and header.
Classifies the example using the decision rules. The example has to be returned.
Computes a hashcode for this identity.
Create a clone of the iterator. Clones the axis.
} }
Returns true if the given private key is in the keychain
Adds a byte array as a data chunk.
Set the rotation angle of all the planes of the builder.
write user registry xml file
Returns the string representation of the given double value.
See specification GBT 18284-2000
create a new record from a json object
stopwatch cpu time
This method is used to lookup an audio file stored on the server.
Add a condition to the list of conditions.
Reads a bytearray from the given bytebuffer without modifying the bytebuffer.
Find the package and class name from the input file.
Prints msg and throwable to System. out.
Fetch all the rp - target virtual pool uris.
read a nsdata from a file
Returns the number of bits set to true.
Deescape a literal.
Returns the uri of the cookie.
Send a INFO log message
Adds the specified value to the list if it is not null.
Creates new dnewkeystoretype dialog.
Sprint the long field using the configured format
Substitute a substring of another string.
Removes a listener from this dispatcher.
Main processing loop
Clamp the magnitude of a number to a minimum and maximum.
Read the class from the inputstream
Get the block index of the pred for the given sources index
Creates a new lockable filewriter.
Append the program description to the given wrapping stringbuilder.
Decodes data from Base64 notation, automatically detecting gzip-compressed data and decompressing
Returns a url for the specified location.
Parse a value from a string and return it.
Method to convert a string to upper case according to current string.
Update builtin environment variables based on the supplied list of envvar objects.
Creates a new character class for each character of the specified string.
notifies gateways of a timestamp update for the given entry event.
Returns the next token that matches the regular expression pattern starting from the current position.
Remove a service node from the cluster.
Returns the contents of the stream as a string.
Execute the handshake
Calculate the minimum.
emit data until a number of tasks is available
rotate theta degrees about the x axis
} }
Scales a rect about its center.
Parses an array of unprintable extension codes.
Determines the height of this view
Check if the id is null or the null uri.
Update the pending list if there is room to add new downloads.
Limit a value within a range.
Append the new title to the title.
Check if a network is connected
delete item from list
Calculategraidentchannel.
Add a startuplistener
Quietly close given resource ignoring possible checked exceptions.
This method is called from the worker thread. It starts the file creation process in a separate thread
Created key material from the key material retrieved from byte array
Checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
Create a new jsoutput instance for the given module
Get the concatenated text of all of the matched elements.
Add a line to the mmap.
string from a stringbuffer
Returns the number of signers in the system.
Asynchronously executes the command specified by the arguments.
}
Check the attributes for compliance. If the ignorecompliance parameter is set to true the attributes
Update the zoningmap of an export mask.
Wait for an invitation answer.
This function generates the x^t matrix.
Returns the number of components in the composite.
round with precision 0
Removes ngrams that occur fewer times than minimum_freq.
Convert a string to a publickeyselector instance.
Generate a map of the tags and their hashcodes based on the tags
Description of the shape
Shorten the class name.
Add a graphic to the canvas.
Returns the string representation of this type.
Swap the offscreen surface with an image.
add a property to the restriction
Initialise googleanalytics.
called when the user moves a little and the robot is ready to start moving.
Read the service id from the input stream
On enter element consumed.
Add a finally block for each return value.
return the next metadata. return false if there are no metadata
jsonstring without indent
Reads color table as 256 RGB integer values
Updates the lastmodified time.
Add a private key to an existing keystore
True if the given file needs to be reloaded false otherwise.
Adds a repository definition to the request.
disable all buttons
Is the number a additive number.
Write messages to the log.
Add a nodeporttuple to the quarantine queue
from carbondictionarysortmodel [ ]
add a new feature to the polygon
Create a bitstring from a string.
Sorts the individuals in ascending order according to their marginal probability.
Writes the complete XML document to a writer.
Use the default executor for dispatching async tasks.
Checks if a method is a cglib renamed method.
Initialize the exception.
Joins two arrays into a new array. Elements from array1 and array2 will be
internal routine to handle state change events.
Create a mutable nodeset based on the owner document.
Returns the largest ( `` top '' ) n elements in the column
Grab the class from the signature
Creates a new timeseriesmetricdeltaset object from the given entries
Returns the number of nodes in this lattice.
Returns the next element in the vector.
Escapes the bytes in the given string.
Repeat the current input list
Rename the class.
Handle the button3request event.
Ignorable exceptions.
Returns the distance between the two points.
Inform the reporter that a test run has failed.
Get the list of challenges that have been added this response.
Convert a session to a byte array.
Generates a new mersennetwister code that can be used to initialize this class.
Verifies the timestamp of the certificate.
Encrypt a password.
Number of rows.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Wraps a proto in a checkedmessage and calculates the checksum.
Reduce the image to a given size.
Install a built-in sound as a library sound.
Returns the number of filtered pages from a list of template fragments
Look up a name in a table.
Score each of the tracks with the given search query.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Encodes a double into a sequence of bytes each representing an integer.
Non - volatile putLongvolatile.
Run a list of commands.
Draws a circle of radius r, centered in the current position.
Prints a double followed by a newline.
Writes a signed 32 bit integer to the stream.
Map the given sequence to the stringbuilder.
addbuttonpressedlistener ( ) - adds a listener to the list of listeners that are notified
Disposes the object. After this method is called no more requests will be sent.
Fill the XML attribute details.
Creates a property gui containing all the properties of a given property consumer.
Copies a file to an output stream.
Deserialize kdbheader from a serialized byte array
Runs the test case.
True if all permissions have been granted.
Fetch the charset for a particular locale from the cache.
Paints a portion of the layer.
add a controlroll to the flight
Process the add - on changes.
Recalculate the derived color from the Color object.
Builds a string from an array of integers.
This method should be called at the beginning of every thread that wants to enter the idle state.
Adds a cached span to the in - memory representation.
check if two uriname objects are equal
Repaints all the children.
Checks the validity of the name.
Returns the comment at the specified index.
Find the next separator and escape character in a string
Guess the content type from the URL.
Extract the domain name from the csvoutput line
Connect to the underlying log writer.
Validates the cache header for the request.
Get the active ivr zoneset
Returns an empty immutable array.
This method replaces the non optional nodes with the ordered list of igroupmembernodes and re
Convert a Number to a String
Returns a hash code for this Literal.
Delete a type vertex from the atlas based on the type category.
Read the contents of a reader and turn it into a list.
Adds a cache context to the factory.
Checks if an annotated method is a cglib getcallbacks.
Compares this named mediatype to another.
Returns true if any of the dependencies have been modified.
creates a new irreplaceable imageelement
Check if the fxg version is greater than the given version
Creates a datasource from the given properties.
Returns the names associated with the given object.
scroll current item to center of view
Adds a new metaobject to this descriptor.
Remove a word from the dictionary.
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
add a recent item in the list
invokeall throws exception if empty
Add a package configuration entry.
Closes the input stream.
Creates the block mirror data.
Start all the endpoints.
Retains the elements in this list that are contained in the specified other list.
Override if you want to convert an exception to an IOException.
Clears the result that is displayed in the dialog.
Returns a string representation of the collection using the delimiter provided. If the collection is null or empty
Check if val is between min and max.
Replaces the first matching parameter in the stringbuffer with the given parameters.
Returns the index of the array item with the given qualname and value or - 1 if
Check if the given frame id is allowed to have more than one video.
Parse the given XML configuration file into a list of strings.
Create the RPF file specified by the input parameter.
Post an event to the event queue.
Choose a server alias.
Processes a single BMP image
Creates a new pathhandler for the given path.
Process the input source line by line
Load ignore file.
Remove the specified argument from this bop.
Checks if the given value looks like a list style type.
Constructs an attribute from the given pkcs9attribute.
Create a new note in the database
make sure that each message has a unique xid
Add a node as the next node of the path.
Callback for the configuration dialog property change event.
Read a string in UTF format.
Add i to l.
Reset state for grid top.
Returns the next token and reads ahead from the stream.
Returns the current repaint manager for the given component.
Checks if the portwwn is the recoverypoint initiator.
Checks whether a character is a valid character for an XML file.
Sends a buffer to the underlying output stream.
Check if the feature is set.
remove wheel clicking listener
Adds the given section to the list of sections.
Calculates the preferred wrap position in the editor for a given text.
Adds the contents of v to the end of this vector. Expands the vector if necessary.
Write all data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Add a new mimematcher rule
throws IOException ;
This method can be used to send a message to all workers until the number of workers is stopped
Convert a string to a list of strings
Use system properties to pick a charset.
Test toengineeringstring with apostrophe sign.
Removes all elements from the ArrayMap.
Add a layer to the map.
Reads the file into a list of new rules
Update the managedwords set with the updates received from the server.
Writes characters to the buffer.
Detect episode from filename.
Creates a typedoperation that creates an array of the specified type.
Fire an event to all listeners.
The type of preference to retrieve.
Expunge stale entries from the table.
Checks whether a string contains only digits.
Returns true if the descriptor ends with a character.
Create a public key from its binary representation.
Get the date from the given calendar object
; }
Creates the imagefile panel.
Write a single line of text and a CRLF.
Returns the layer at the specified index.
check if the user has permission to modify threads
Return a constant function that always returns the same argument.
Removes any leading and trailing quotes from the specified string. If the string does not contain any quotes
Test whether a namespace is defined
This test verifies that the user data handler is notified of shallow clones of elements and attributes.
Creates a new dbasicconstraints dialog.
Returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in the array or - 1 if the
Create a new float column.
read prj string from the input stream if specified
Purge one entry from the queue
check whether the user has permission to alter the period converters.
Check if the specified artifact coordinates are equal.
Check that the given matrix has the same dimensions as this matrix.
Import from a change
Gets the linefileout attribute of the JDOMReport object
Build a fuzzy query with the given text and the given fuzziness.
Create a callchaininfo object for the call and call target.
Start playback.
Throws an exception if the specified string is not empty.
Reset the current thread context
Convert an object to a parameter value array.
Logout the user of the given username.
Create an operation to create or update a network interface.
Create a new codesourcefacade using the specified codesource.
create a new jdpbroadcaster
Close the underlying RRD file.
Rotate this vector in radians about the x axis.
Gets the contents at the given URI as a string using the specified encoding.
Associates the specified field number with the specified data.
Hide the border.
Remove a specific transaction from the set of active filters
Adds a new observation with the specified weight to the data set.
Add a tag id to the set if it is not already present.
Attempt to enable TLS intolerant server mode.
order the executions from root to leaf
Initialize Tkf91 using precomputed values.
Serialize a node that may be an expression.
; // internal frame menu buttons define_internalframemenubutton
Restore from clone method.
Remove a datasource listener
Right str.
clear all the name in all the blocks that are unoccupied
Unserialize a datavec into an object
Stop the current grid connection.
Push a new template folder onto the list.
Prints the basic block in depth first order.
Adds an event to the queue.
dbschemaejbgenerator is a constructor for the generatedtables parameter.
Set up the puzzle board.
exception ; }
Add primitive abbreviation to maps of abbreviations
Initialize the tree map
Locates the replicator home directory.
Set the string data.
write repeated sqr to stream.
Append a float to this string buffer.
Use the command line arguments to open a file.
This method overrides the testdestination method of the super class and also adds the schedule check
Close the stream. If the stream is already closed then do nothing.
Splits the path in the form of [ a b c ] where a is the path of
Get a random number generator based on the test case
Records a new deployment.
} }
Called when the dlsn is found.
shutdown mysql abandoned connection cleanup thread.
Writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
Parse a control template with the given context.
Protected method to on create a custom from tag.
Write the JPEG data to a file.
Checks to see if there are any imageservers in the system
Returns the current time in nanoseconds
Remove an extension.
Given a node index find the suballocated intvector for the namespace of that node.
Adds an observer to the list of observers for this object provided that it is not the same as
Calculates the Euclidean distance between a pair of nodes i and k.
Format the string using the pattern object and the arguments to process.
Adds a keyword to the set.
Release a field of an object
Convert a list of dashboards to a list of dashboarddto.
screen executor.
add a listener for the group properties.
edit global function comment
Clear all the sessions in the manager.
Does the specified entry exist?
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
; }
Hashes a name generated by the wrapper function.
Process notification of the start of an XML element being reached.
Check type of section element defined by key. Return true this element is string
This function creates property set for all the VMs in the list.
Construct a z diagonal matrix from a matrix.
Fills the hashtable with the version of the Ant - Version class and method name.
Build the bbrachesper network.
Check for equality of the two char sequences starting at the specified index
divide two numbers of different signs
Returns an enumeration of all productions.
Adds the given AST node to the set of FTight source nodes for the type.
Override to account for disabled events.
Creates a new dialog.
Transform an array of points with no touch.
Convert an escaped function.
Returns the string representation of the object.
Add a listener for imssession events
Convert a time in milliseconds into an ipath.
Prints a usermessage.
Connect to a remote socket.
Checks if the given string is an access modifier.
Handles an append failure.
Find the best sizepair to use for a given camera resolution.
Reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new ImageTO objects.
Decodes a byte array to a string using the current charset.
Returns a map of all attributes in the attribute set in lowercase.
Makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this method.
Create a list from two items.
This method reads the next part of the file
; } }
Compute the parameters of the distribution
translate a datatype from one vendor to another.
Find the global coordinate of the minimum value the data points at.
Reorder the selection down by the currently selected row.
} }
For testing only. Do not use.
Convert a collection of filepaths to a list of relative paths
Handles the case where the user either wants to unlock or install.
Apply the rrule to the starttime if necessary. The rrule is applied to the weekly
Rounds the X Y and Z values of this vector to the nearest integer value.
Implements the abstract method simulatemethod. It is called when the entry method is called.
Traverses the frontier cleaning up any elements that are currently explored.
Parse the attributes passed to the view from the XML
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Assert the subscriber was terminated.
Assert argument validity.
Checks if the given calendar is before today
Build the login ui.
Unmap a ScaleIO volume from a SCSI initiator.
Gets the value of the list property as a collection of objects.
Add a quarter arc to the path
Parse the given content into the given block.
Fill the given byte array with a random number from the rng.
Removes all scanning callbacks.
Read from the underlying input stream if not null.
Handle the creation of the managermxbean
Check to ensure that the new shape is the same as the old one.
Returns true if the file is visible.
Appends an array to the end of the first array.
Delete the object.
Construct a string from a byte array.
Initialize the scratch itemset.
Computes the bounds of the editor.
Unsupported operation. This implementation always throws UnsupportedOperationException.
Creates a new cuboid from the given parameters.
Calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model using the smoothed version of the log marginal likelihood
Returns true if this is a new message.
Installs the default OS user agent.
Writes the given double array to the current position and increases the position by the number of double
Populate the recipient set from the addressmap
Checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified.
Set the locktime for prepersist operations.
Add a new padstack
Clears the internals.
Override to call the content model startcontentmodel method.
Create an instance of the omrangerings tool.
Create an inputsource from a string.
Current user root preferences.
Returns a HEX string with port number and inode number of the socket identifier.
Tell the table to push a string into the stack.
Read text from a file.
Converts a pixel in the x tile grid to a pixel in the tile grid.
Creates a new input that can be added to a block.
create a classmanager object based on the class name passed in. If the interpreter is null the
Call this to swap the current render surface and display
Ask the password policy to request the last login time.
Split the text into a stream of tokens.
add an appinfo to the list
Add a constraint for the given field to be equal to the given value.
Remove youtubemarkup from plot
Creates a dash array string from the given list of floats.
Finds the position of the given pattern in the source string.
Loads the next N files from the index.
Read a line from the given stream.
Checks if a table exists in the database.
Processes a semicolon.
Does the given SQL script contain the specified delimiter?
Compress the byte array using the defined outputstream.
Assert that the given service is not joined.
Encrypt the given block starting at the given offset.
Print the string value of the current element.
Adds all connectiongroups to the retrieved groups.
Load the map file from the inputstream.
Add a line decoration to the TextBlock
Parse the link title of the request.
Process a single double value.
Indicate that the query is closed.
Get the number of recent items.
Create a new warning.
Produce the output of the destructurer for the given pattern.
Handle the request of the button clicking delete the selected subconfig
Returns true if this connection is healthy.
Add a new column to the table at the given index
Initialize the panel.
Calculate the norm of the vector
Gets a string representation of the value.
Returns a hashcode for the time series.
Converts the maximal to minimaledgerings.
Removes an event listener
Update the wave file size by updating the number of bytes in the buffer.
Write the journal to the outputstream
Returns true if the CharSegment matches the string sa.
This method is called when a mouse button is released.
Compute the maximum value of a class using a percentage factor per series.
Adds a channel to the model.
Join an array of objects into a single string.
Check if the specified trait is part of the interface.
Creates supply from Qtysupply
Returns the number of parameters in this parameter file.
Load the values from an XML file.
Put a new item in the map.
Reads the reference number from the data input
Computes the dot product of this vector with the dense vector df.
Creates a list of instructions that are reachable from the first instantiation by using the simple non - local
Calculate the standard deviation of a list of doubles
Trim the array to the given size if necessary.
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
compares a date with a boolean
Decode the next chunk of solution set from the input stream.
Instantiates a new udpclientsocket.
Multiply all values by a scalar.
Is the given log level current or higher
Recursively compute the list of all the folder children of the given folder and its subdirectories.
Quote the file path so it can be safely used as a filename.
Reads from the socket.
Clears the current map
Removes an image consumer from the chain.
true if the map is at the bottom of the screen
Update the aperture value and ensure its value stays in the right range.
Builds the invocation and returns the invocation.
This method compute the mark of the web resource statistics
gcd with the first zero
Test the position using the kingcapture format.
Validate and evaluate a list of expressions
Parses a relative directory string from an absolute path.
Determine the encoding to use for the input source.
Generate a URL for a particular item within a dataset.
Returns true if the thread is idle beyond the current time.
display the add - remove menu
decode a 64 - bit File into a longarraypointer
execute a string as a sql script
Returns a real number with a Cauchy distribution.
Add the name of a job group to be deleted when the session expires
Create a layout for the panel.
Wake a connection from a select call when a request is available
Add a field name to the query. If the field name already exists in the query it will
Encodes the basis function data into a binary stream.
Signal that no more ACKs are being received.
array to string
Copies the contents of a byte array into a new byte array.
Calculates the great circle distance between two locations. The return value is a double in radians.
Parse the export manifest and return the list of input splits.
Read fully from the socket
Fire when an operator is moved.
Removes a single individual.
Modifies the id of the existing base variable.
Repeat the specified string a number of times.
Wait for the state change.
Pick the node to solve.
Reset the list of user defined fields.
Parse an integer according to the specified flags.
Finds the bounds of the ad_wf_node of the specified ad_wf
Stop all the worker threads.
Returns a list of all mappings contained in the current frame.
Calculate the state transition percentage.
Returns the mangled method name for the given method.
Saves the current state of the iterator to the member variables.
Pulls a string off the queue up to but exclusive of the match sequence or to the queue
list of defined IPs and print it
Dispose the encoder and decoderout of the session
Count the number of transpositions between two sequences.
Parse a JSON string into a java object.
Returns a stream of timeseriescollections.
Register a new file with the manifest and return the registration
Arrange the block without a label.
Returns true if the message has the specified contenttype.
Create a X. 509 Certificate
Handle button1 request.
Checks all dependencies for all the modules and returns the first match that succeeds.
called when a child is removed from the BeanContext
Checks that the specified directory is writeable.
Returns a string representation of this time period.
Writes the object to the outputstream.
Receive notification of the beginning of an entity.
Checks if the given name is a Java keyword.
Extract import url.
Test a collator for equality with another object.
Runs the test case.
Rename an object array or object type to a new type. This is done by adding the internal
Write a list of files
Creates new dpolicyconstraints dialog.
Method to invalidate all the caches for the current user.
Convert a byte array to an XML fragment.
Write a list of strings to a file.
Cancel all requests with the specified tag.
Draws the text along the horizontal margin.
Subset a generic record using a specified schema.
Queue an operation for execution
Interpret the passed in string as a sequence of cells
Transform the given shape with the current transformation matrix.
Prints this character sequence to the specified print writer using the specified indentation.
Initialize the panel
Checks the revocation status of a certificate against an issuer.
the corresponding compositetype for an alphacomposite.
Removes a trackingicon from the panel
A list of all the phone numbers in the state machine.
Remove the parent from a file.
Check if two doubles are almost equal based on a given delta
This method is called when an end element is encountered.
tests the fill method with biibtality for the same number of bytes
Start a new array value with an optional bracket.
Calculates the log of a given value.
Upload a file from the local source to the destination
create zip file handle.
Remove a column override handler.
Checks if the page is empty. A page is considered empty if it has no tag or no
Restore the badges from the persisted state.
Set the touch time for the cache.
Create a new catalogentry
Adds a message to the message queue.
Push a new frame on the stack.
Log the hierarchy of a class loader and its parents.
add a gossip member.
Get a collection of all log file names
Is case sensitive selected.
Test whether the given node is a namespace decl node. In short though the node name is the
Returns a hash code value for this object.
Instantiates a new subconfigmodelimpl.
Compares the specified object with this polynomialfunction for equality.
Convert to color int.
This method is invoked when the user clicks on an item in the list.
Adds a new outgoing binary traversal to the state machine.
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Cancel all active requests and close all connections.
Returns the value of a specific attribute.
Find the value that corresponds to this key. It finds only the first occurrence of the key.
Decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes.
Associates a template with a step pattern.
Deletes the underlying file.
Returns true if an annotated type has no prefix.
Throws an exception if the given format is not syntactically valid.
Get or create a logger.
Receive one byte from the socket
Check all spin. constraints for a given resource.
check if the passed in imdbid is valid
Show the video that was recorded.
Write a line to the string buffer.
Check if the exception is an intended exception for the given class.
Swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot
Can a popup be placed on top of a taskbar?
Creates a job based on the specified Activiti XML classpath resource location and defines a EMR
Returns a list of the classnames of the main classes in a given directory.
Check if a string is valid XML.
Read a boolean value from the frame
Returns true if the given access is for an abstract and bridge incompatible with an instantrun
Create a sequence from an array of asn1encodables.
create a new threadedlistenermanager
reads the next object from the input stream
Compute the offset segment for the given side and distance.
Returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
Creates a list of qosrules from a jsonobject
This method converts a string to an array of octets.
Format the given double value at the given number of decimal places.
Flushes this writer to ensure all pending data is sent out to the target writer.
Validate the COctet String
This method is used to create the bounds of aproperly scaled rectangle
Add a clear graph data button
Normalized levenshtein distance between two strings.
Create the specified number of files of the specified extension.
Determine if the Expression is an animal.
Parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of the line separators with the given line
Add a ping notification to the queue.
Create an NFS datastore on all hosts in the cluster.
check the size of the array and increase if needed
This method is used to create an album with a uri.
Checks that the given substring is a valid internal name.
this method is called when all tasks are done
Unquote the name.
is the player the leader of the group
Redo the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
throw a completionexception if the given result is a result of a join ; otherwise return the original
Write a protein to a file.
Test Casting of Strings to Strings
Write the contour to a file in the Intos format where the negative maximum is used as the
Start monitoring the current thread.
Find the named element in the parent node.
Construct a regular expression that is the star of the argument regular expression.
Remove the specified element from the selection.
Pass the mouseevent to the delegate.
Print a formatted string using the specified format string and arguments and flush the output stream.
Process the source tree to the output destination.
Tests comparison of attributes before elements.
Add a suffix of this method.
Returns an enumeration of the options.
Close the current selector
Returns the value of subtraction of the two numbers.
Set the required attributes.
Show the history dialog
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Reads the data from the input stream.
Construct a streamable that contains a single value extracted from the supplied publisher
Creates a new connection with the specified handler and prototype.
Decode a bitmap from the response.
Get the notification for the given notification id
Creates the gradient using the logarithm of the maximum count.
Write a single histogram from a tdoubledoublehashmap object.
Returns the dereferenced completionstage of the given completionstage.
Add a character and a number. The ordinal value of the character is used in the addition.
Clip the passed in string to the available space if it does not exceed the available space.
Remove a single element from the queue
Add a new slide to the list
Splits the given string into lines of the given maximum width and adds them to the given
Creates a floatbuffer based on an array of floats. The coordinates are in direct order.
publish message using asyncwait
Clean a directory without deleting it.
Calculates the subband of the original subband image for a given threshold value.
Move a file or directory to a directory.
Load the security properties from a file.
Close an inputstream without throwing an exception.
Clear the scanfiles if we have reached our maximum number of files.
Starts the process defined by the processbuilder and checks the output and error streams are equal to
start file based merge
Callback for when text is inserted into the document.
Constructs a new exception with the specified message and the specified parsed data.
check if the source and target components are parallel
Reads an object from the stream. cl is known not to be a class.
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the
Create a plaintext representation of an integer.
Checks if a given date is today
Start the port manager
Sprint the double field with human readable description
Convert a YUV image into a Bitmap.
Read a double.
Determine if the passed in feature is supported by the passed in version.
Helper method to assign a port based on port usage.
Return the next event in the sequence.
Append the polygon to the buffer.
Update a combo box with the track names in the database
Sets whether the new session transformer should be used for projects.
Returns an enumeration of the options.
Open the compare editor.
Adds a resource to the list of resources.
Checks if a string is numeric.
Encode string as a byte array in Base64 annotation.
Atomically adds the given delta to the current and returns the updated value.
Returns the current time in the given unit.
Append namevaluepair to list if value is not null.
Reads the properties from the given location and creates a new instance of the properties class.
Calculates the weight of a single plan.
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
Find the best matching value in the list
Creates a new directory in ZooKeeper.
Calculates the log of a given value.
Raises the X Y and Z values of the given vector to the given power.
response receive data from the server
Convert a temperature value to a RGB value.
name mapper function.
java. util. Arrays # fill ( boolean [ ], int, int, boolean )
Adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector.
Format a string.
Returns the resource_name for the given tablename and type
Update the comboboxes when location or destination are changed.
Removes the classname column tiptext.
Join an array of named values with a separator
Returns the string representation of the source class for a given attribute. The source class is the class
Should be called after all tasks have been processed.
send request to read group data
Serializes a cookie object into a String.
Skips the specified number of bytes.
Resume animation
Subtract two numbers of different scales where the first scale is negative and the second scale is
{
Create the panel with the specified connector and network panel.
Tell if a function is available.
Allocate a number of sections to be used in the mazesearch
Determines if the cache should be refreshed.
Generates a number of random bytes of the specified length.
Calculates the label weights and computes the distribution over all values of the column.
Removes the extension of a file name.
Delete the attribute.
Normalize a dataframe according to a minimum and maximum norm
Check if the scheme is a socket scheme
Add leaf to a spatial with non - existing parents.
Adjust the blocklisteners of this function based on the new range and the existing ones.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal encoded string.
Clamp a size to fit within a maximum size
Represents a tcpchannel.
Returns the string representation of this object
encode the input data producing a Hex encoded byte array.
Draw a face in the given direction.
add observer to observers list
Compute the logarithm of the probability of the number.
Adds the given number as a bignum.
Creates an instance of an object using the specified classloader and classname.
Add a new action to the action list
Will create a new polygon given the three points.
Read jsonobject.
Waits for an element to not be present.
Assert that the onCompletion methods have been called but not yet ended.
Is the video URL a valid vimeo url
Returns true if the transfer was cancelled.
Push a new axis iterator onto the stack.
Update the list of downloaded files for a given account
Dump the configuration options.
Parse a language resource into a jsonnode tree
The start states of the model. This is the probability of the start state.
Removes a container and cancels the request if the list of containers is empty.
Creates a kernel density function from a collection of points
cloneserializableobject - clones the given object and returns the clone.
True if there are more than 3 points in the partial polygon
Create a new zipentry with a name.
_teststatements ( ) is used for unit testing. It creates a statement with the specified
Read a Gaz dictionary from an inputstream
Adds a new value graph vertex to this set.
Create the mapping between the current _num and the next _num rows.
The files to include in the output.
Returns true if running on a Mac.
Checks if the throwable is assignable from the concretethrowable.
Get a string from the front of the message queue and encode it
Prints an integer to the stream.
Returns a map of associations and their confidence.
Checks if the string contains any letters only.
Converts a char to a digit. Throws an exception if the char does not represent a digit.
Not implemented.
Returns an enumeration of the options.
Create a positive number from an array of bytes and check that the sign is positive
Save the key to the given keystore
add a filterbuilder to the pipeline
Send a DEBUG log message.
Update the statistics entry.
Test the constructor with a second file.
Returns the string representation of this node.
Picks a trace from the board and splits it to keep at a given keep point.
This flips a bit in a byte array in place.
The source to execute in the form of a string.
Add users to the configuration.
Try to acquire the eviction lock and call drainbuffers if the lock is available.
copy file from source to dest
Creates a URL string from a properties object.
Generate an RSS feed.
a ) ; b ) ; c ) ; a ) ; b ) ; c
Recursively delete a directory.
parse a datetime string to a timestamp
Checks if the string starts a new hunk.
Clear all values from the attribute.
Attempts to read the characters out of the passed character stream.
Convert a string to a byte array
Play the specified sound file for the specified user.
Run the finalize hook even if the user has disabled the hook.
Returns the interval for the given confidence value.
Searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
Checks the SHA hash of a file.
Adds a new value keyname.
Merge the new border with the existing border.
Look up a name that corresponds to a character.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
Draw the plot within the specified area.
Add a new hole to the shell
Register all the components of this class.
Initialize the opstype with the given instance.
Skip over n bytes in the input stream.
Generate a 64 - bit hash id.
Create a new subcommand handler for a relationdefinition.
Creates new dsubjectinformationaccess dialog.
Read a line.
Create a listmodel from an array of objects
Returns true if field calltype is set ; false otherwise.
This method is called when the type of the binary is found by the mapper. If the mapper
Create a dialog that filters for files with the specified extensions.
Compute static load metrics
Reads a short from the current position in the buffer.
Create a replication job to copy a partition to another cluster.
This method is called when executing this application from the command line.
Finds the orders of the elements in the given context.
Judge is file exist or not
Find a pronghornstage given an ordinal position of the path
Calculate the tstats for the given coefficients and standard erroror.
run all of the bootstrappers one by one.
Check the ID of the index header.
Serialize the hash table into a byte array
Save the named input buffer to a file.
This method is used to schedule storage for a new vplex volume.
Return a list of all the files with a given relative path that start with the given basedir and
Checks whether a module specifier is filespecifying the end of the file.
Insert expected pool settings per tier.
Transfer all data from the source stream to the destination stream.
Returns the position of the path in a unit test of the specified unit.
Attempts to read more data.
Adds a numeric training class to the model
Main method for parsing the groups from a JSON array.
draggesturerecognized
Checks whether a character is an identifier helper char.
Add a header line to the email.
Loads an address from the specified resultset.
Returns the encoded string.
Builds a GET request URL from the given parameters.
This method is used when a prefix/uri namespace mapping is indicated after the element was started with
Guess mime type from file name.
test for the ability to advance the scorer of all terms
Returns true if this is a public type.
This method is only called when the consumeor is releasing the cumbrance budget. This
Override this method to create a transferable object based on the input format.
Put a number of bytes into the output stream.
Adds a generic font with the specified name.
Write a unique reference to a value in the list
data = data_gsobject | data_gsdate | data_gsint | data_
Returns true if the multivariate aggregate is empty.
Formats this string using the specified formatter.
Get the class name in dotted format.
Creates new daddextensions dialog.
Play the next video in the playlist.
Invoke a private or inner class method with the given parameters.
Copy NodeList members into this nodelist, adding in document order.
Creates a new rotatestream instance for the specified path.
cleanup old data from the history of numbers
Process styled attributes.
Creates a message with the specified template and code.
Translate an action string.
Returns true if the class loader can load the class file.
Cast result object to a boolean.
Parse a boolean from a string
The eisset method for this event. It will check if the event has a default value
Formats this string using the specified formatter.
Initialize the sourcecode with line numbers.
Returns the upper triangular factor.
Subclasses can override this to provide custom allowed duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field of the specified object is visited
Remove download info from the completed list.
Add shingled phrase queries.
Returns the digest as an XML id.
Creates the snapshot.
Stores a logfile in the database.
Merge current properties with new properties
Remove the preferred language from the delete data if it exists.
Called when the media player is prepared to play.
Parse the token and value.
Skips specified number of bytes of input.
All the players within a radius of a certain point
Creates an ecdhecryptography object from a supported curve ID.
Add a new header with the given name and value. If a header with the given name already
Return the object as a string.
Recreates workspace table in sqlite database.
Executes a N1QL kernelTransaction with bound parameters
End all the open tags.
Receive notivication of a entityreference.
Links node as last element or returns false if full.
Draw the divider for the given child in the given bounds.
Construct a form specification from an encoded description string.
Decode a list of items from a stream using the specified parser.
Writes an integer to the output stream
Write a double field to the file.
Finds the next possible creature to be spawned at the specified quest level
check if the schedule_interval and schedule_time properties are valid
Delete the given trait from the given entity
Adds the given tables to the schema.
Write a file using a template and a writer.
Clear the cache. If the cache is currently loading the cache will not be loaded.
Return the index of the given rounded tool item
Adds an attribute to the attribute list.
Drain the iterators and wait for their completion.
Import data from a data configuration and extra parameters.
Returns the userid from a given range of user ids.
Start the consumer
Sets the flags according to the result of a binary operation.
Returns true if the current label is movable in the current state
Write a type list
Load configuration properties from a resource.
Close a stream logging any exceptions.
create a new transaction
Reads characters from the stream until any of the characters in skip is found.
Convert package name to local path.
Returns true if the map contains the key.
Returns true if the given fragment is valid. If the fragment is null or there are no valid
Increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes the hashtable in order to accommodate and
Load pois from assets and save them in the database.
Create an element and append it to the parent element.
check if a tag has been seen since the last time the tag was seen
Changes the type of the operator of a variable in the list.
Add a header name and value pair to the header
check for duplicate requests in the queue
check if view is hidden
Recursively delete a directory and all its content and subdirectories.
Checks if a menubar should border the toolbar.
Construct a node in the result tree. This method is overloaded by xsl : attribute. At
Create a priority queue containing a mapping of words to fields.
Iterates through the given objectinputstream object by object. The object inputstream is closed after
exit with a specific status
Calculate the distance between two points in meters.
Process the challenge data received from the server.
Calculate A - by - B where A is known to be a power of 2.
Creates a new costqueue and saves it to the database.
Add an undo event to the undo manager.
Establish the cache if needed.
Append a text to the current span.
Validates a password using a hash.
Get the list of in progress snapshots of a given repository.
add a new certificate to the certificate store
Multiply two numbers of different length and different signs. The first is positive.
} }
Paint the background of a tab.
Build an automaton from the term bytesrefhash.
Returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the series in the dataset.
Shuts down the admin server.
Returns the number of threads in the process.
Assign the specified role to the user.
Create a new orderedthreadpoolexecutor with default keepalivealive and default keepalivealive. The
Writes the initial styles if any to the stream.
Encode a collection of strings into Base64 format.
serialize a bunch of properties and verify they match the serialized format with the expected serializers.
Run the next pending command.
Stops the manager and close all connections.
load a document from the given xml file
java.math.BigDecimal # divide ( java.math.BigDecimal, java.math.RoundingMode
Removes the annotation at the given index.
Copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character.
Creates an empty file.
wrapscallback for easymock
This method is called when a cell in the table is selected
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
Add a class annotation. If this is the first class annotation added the class annotation will be the
Throws an exception if the given format is not syntactically valid.
Parse a uppercase mapping. The uppercase mapping allows the full to be specified as a map.
Main thread method. It waits for the next reference to be processed by the worker thread and
Create a zip file with the specified number of entries with the specified entry size.
Checks if a playlist name is valid
Parse an XML file using the given packin configuration.
Add or remove a row to the log.
A method to construct a default digestmethodtype object conforming to the 2016 schema
Returns a set containing all vertices in the given collection which are sampled.
Creates a new instance of gremlintransactionmanager
Shift all the beans in the flow to the given bean instance.
The arguments are session_id and session_id.
Make the classes.
Called when text is removed from the text area.
Initialize the application environment.
Creates a new instance of producerworker
Animate the creation of a new tab in the foreground.
Checks if the functions are allowed.
Fill the list with all orgaccesses for a user
Close the disk cache of this object
For a given exportmask create a mapping of URI to LUN assigned to each volume
Close the underlying socket channel.
Calculate the maximum of two vectors
Gets the output and error streams from a process and waits for it to finish.
Adds a list of arguments to the command line.
find a node for a given key. Returns null if no such node exists.
Draw the axis.
Read the contents of a list of crawldatum from a sequencefile.
Create a random color
Parse a category string and return a pair of diagnostickind and whether it is a fixable diagnostic
This legacy method is only used in CLR.
Creates a new pitch writer for the given lf0sptk file.
Instructs the Interpreter to abort the current execution.
Add a cspstatelistener to the session.
Print wrapped text in the given printstream.
Remove a range of mappings as a batch.
Check the nullability of a resultset.
Compute bounding boxes for all the contours.
add a timeline
Load LOB data
Paint the component using the ui
Create a new list with the given extra capacity.
Sends an event to all listeners.
Perform an update operation on a set of keys.
Load the extension set from the passed in x509extension object.
delete all addresses of a given type
Set the limit.
Checks if a file exists or not
Skips the given number of bytes.
static init ( ) { }
Attempts to convert the given filename to the default charset.
copy a url to a local file
Update the deltas of the outline based on the specified deltas.
Create an authentication configuration for the current user.
Removes trailing and leading whitespace from the supplied span.
Returns the classifiertiptext.
Create a writable child raster that will have a subset of the bands of this raster.
Send all data in the buffer to the client.
Call the event synchronously on the calling thread.
Finds the best file to open given a list of files
Test two strings for equality optionally ignoring case.
execute shell commands
Fills the blob with the specified id and base content.
Remove a file from the list of being observed for changes.
Make this result immutable from this point forward.
Appending the IS NULL operator
Clears the map.
either add or update a favorite radio station depending on the radio station type selected or not.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already present in the array.
Saves the current analyzer results to a file
Returns an iterator on the dependencies of the capability set.
Return the integer represented by the string. If the string is not an integer or the number of
parse a bufferedheader from a chararraybuffer
Returns the date as string in the given format
Equivalent to executewithbackoff with exponential backoff.
Check the response code of the server.
Add a new resource source to the list of registered resource sources. This resource source will be used
Commit changes.
Establish a connection to the target.
Handle generic motion events.
Add a class to the query restriction.
Respond to edit button on a single cell of the tableviewer.
ECFieldFp.
Serialize a document to a string with an integer ID
Return the area of triangle ABC. The area is positive if the triangle is counterclockwise.
two instances of the same class are stored in the store using a serializability strategy
list to array remove empty values from list
Searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
create a server with given parameters.
A non - empty queue has no elements
Find Club with the same name and text
Sets the id and generation from a line of data.
make a string array from a collection of inetaddresses
Show the profile of the logged in user.
start the timer to record smooth moves
Updates the pricelists of the product with the given id.
Checks the dependencies of a module.
clearbit ( int n ) in the positive direction
Takes a list of funnel objects and serializes it into a set of funnelsteps.
Appends the parameter specification to the parameter descriptor.
Add a catch - clause to the end of the list.
Sends the specified bytes to the browser.
Mark a key as unlocked. If the key is already locked do nothing.
Returns a specified number of orders from the order book.
Try to get all the schemas and see if they are there.
Clears the stack.
Initialize a tilestore with a specific spritestore
True if this block has more work than the other block.
Tokenize a single input character.
Determine whether the given URL points to a resource in a jar file that is has protocol jar zip
equals tests the equality of two ldapusers objects.
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp on the server
Sets the accessible flag for the given class loader and constructor.
Stop the timer.
below method will be used to add the row to the buffer
decode the base 64 encoded String data into a byte array.
Unwind a native stackframe.
schemewalk - do not call directly
Checks whether the given mimetype string is an image.
Create a new fxmessagedialog
The number of bytes we need to encode the bitmap.
Returns the absolute value of this matrix.
Remove an attribute.
Take a snapshot of the scene for a given camera
Returns a debuggerexception object from the given node.
Rotate an image by 180 degrees
change the finantare value and update the cost
Display the calendar
Create a new LineString using the current LineString instance
Trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
Close the output stream.
Test if the connection to the named event is allowed.
Subtract the specified number of flakes from this block.
Processes a number of raw bytes.
Checks if the realm has the required resource name.
Strip files from a set of input and output files.
Format a date according to the current format.
Create an authority key identifier structure from an X509 certificate.
Open the jar file with the given name.
Remove all emails from the email list
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngineTest # unwrap ( ByteBuffer src, bytebuffer [ ]
Create a new pwreset admin log
Determine if a character is a letter. Synonym for 'isletter '.
Call the visitors for the function arguments.
Create a link to a given URI and label.
Checks if a token is a valid expression.
Destroy the Huffman tree and reset the state to the initial state.
Create a new URI from a file.
Process a play request.
Searches the list for the specified value using the binary search algorithm. The list must be sorted
Finishes the output by setting the bias and the number of samples.
Whatcangohere is a vector of elements in the state sequence that we are in.
Removes the given value from the collection associated with the given entry.
Creates a new instance of hashdatacache
marshall an enum value to the output stream
init all event listeners
Check if a filetype is supported by a sequence
Computes the Window NAF for the given integer using the specified bit width.
Maps a collection name according to the rules specified for this matcher.
Fills vector with random integer values in the range [ min max )
The hash code of the underlying arrays.
This method is used by the animation thread to stop the animation.
Checks if the given name is the same as this name. The names are compared ignoring the case
Draw the range markers for a specific dataset.
Decrypt data using the cbc_salt_data algorithm.
creates a new vpflayer
Decide whether the connection should be closed.
Calculate HSL components for the lightness and brightness.
Shuts down the server in the background waiting for the specified number of milliseconds.
Returns true if the pool is unused.
Changes the current directory to the specified one.
Remove the quote from a column
Checks whether the autoscroll timeout has passed since the last time the user was pressed.
Refills the input buffer.
Performs a search and returns a list of documents that match the query.
Writes a list end.
Return a list of elements that have the given child element name.
Returns a random byte array of the specified number of bytes.
Returns the number arcstiptext.
list all jobs of a specific cube
Converts a polynomial with ternary coefficients to binary.
This method will open a new input stream if one is not already open.
Add a childcaretlistener.
; } Deprecated
iscurrency returns true for a currency.
Encode a buffer and return the encoded string.
java.util.Date # equals ( Object o )
If the uri starts with a known id then this method returns the id otherwise it returns null
Mark the space as in use.
Construct a Cholesky decomposition of a Cholesky matrix.
Read a string from memory
Shifts right an array of integers.
just need to add the unique values to agg set
Removes a legion member from the database and kicks or leaves the legion.
Prints the buffer to the underlying stream if necessary.
Does this class contain a baf. bafbody?
Returns a new string that contains all of the characters in retainchars from the beginning of str.
Delete the least recently used connection.
Find the index of the element that is larger than x.
Removes all routes without departures and stops not used in a transit schedule
Test whether two relation agree.
Take a list of patches and return a textual representation.
Closes the output stream.
validate the sortsize property
Finish the painting process and draw the resulting image.
Delete a panel from the panel list
Perform an average operation
Returns the next token. The token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that
Creates a new instance of xerceshtmldocumentbuilderfactory.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Parse a macro from an XML file.
Delete an ES input from the system.
Add a new part to the multipart mime.
Gracefully terminate the fsync service and wait for it to terminate.
Finds the farthest valid location in the given direction
Compute minimum sample size for an image that is larger than the maximum bitmap size.
Create the main split pane for the panel.
; } }
check if the setup has been successful
Create a new FSDirectory instance for the given class and path
Creates an element and adds it to the parent.
read a string from a stream
Split the branch name into remote and local branch names
Encrypt an outputstream using a password.
Returns a string of a given length right padded with the specified character to the right.
Reload swipe state in view when it changed
Reset the iv to the beginning of the array.
Vertically flip this matrix by the transpose of of a vertical matrix.
Shutdown the data source.
Returns the string representation of an IP address.
Creates a new action object.
Convert a hexadecimal string to a byte array
Writes a string to the output stream padded if necessary.
Creates a new permissioncollection with all permissions
Merge two networks into one.
Log a message object at the normal level.
Read a chunk of a given size from the inputstream
Get the sum of all associations for the current query.
Method to perform reverse geocoding on a list of places.
If the name is a prefix of some value return the patched name. Otherwise return the original
Convert a listtag to a string.
Create a new XML element based on the current settings.
Clears the counters and topics for the consumer.
Rotate this vector in radians
from interface MQTTConnectionManager. ConnectionLostListener
Returns the value of a response header with the given name.
Parses a multivaluedmap of query parameters and returns a map of the results.
Sign with WS SAML token profile extension.
React to change events from the frame.
Adds the url to the url list if it does not already exist. If the url already exists
Add a new interval to the tracker.
Reset the dynamic parameters
Reload the current page in the text pane.
Returns true if the field is static.
Number of outstanding requests in the queue
Convert a byte array to a string.
init will create the loggers for the component with the name componentname
Fills a column stack from left to right.
remove a default value
Test that LRU cache contents are preserved during LRU cache contents removal.
merge the two signature objects return a new signature object or return null if one of the signatures is
Returns a hash code for this instance.
Constructs an instance of ignitedeploymentexception with a stack trace and a cause.
Adds the specified element to the list of visited elements.
Add an option instance.
Pause for a client to join the cluster.
This method gets called when a bound property is changed on the map.
Add a frame from an image.
Scan the classpath for concrete classes under the specified interface.
get the next cdata
Check if the block needs a sky light update.
Expand a rectangle by the specified amount.
string to datagram packet
Returns the string representation of this object.
True if the cache is initialized.
Removes a previously registered shutdown hook.
Count the number of resultpoints between two resultpoints
Return the current value as a string.
Check camera size
Appends a string to this line.
Encodes the given string to a new bytearrayoutputstream.
Return the lookuplist for this GSUB instance.
Get the sum of the differences between all values in the series.
Returns true if the single character is a word boundary.
Execute a blocking operation in a non - main thread.
Writes a character buffer.
Create a table and return the tableviewer
Get the type as a string.
Draw a line to the given coordinates
Test whether the NominalPredictor can handle missing values.
disable all buttons
Load an artifact from the given path.
Attempt to acquire the required number of permits.
Test whether the stringbuilder ends with the last character.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Delay between two transitsectionactions.
Creates new daddextensions dialog.
Adds a multipoint to the path.
Check whether the class is a CGLIB proxy class.
Verifies the given authresponse against the given discoveryinformation.
Generate a report for a given report description and target date. Return true if the report was generated
Updates the textviews for the given recharge object
Returns either nearidmap or idmap depending on the given transaction
Stop the server and close the socket.
Decodes the given byte array using the given key
Derives the ARGB value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
Adds a new landing pad to the block.
Factory method to create an instance of an attackstrategy given a list of strings to parse.
The default ordered thread pool executor for the system.
Write a chunk to a locator.
Get event by id.
Load values from the preference store.
Load the properties from a file.
Prints the contents of this hashtable to the given printstream.
Convert a string to a date using the given format
Calculates file or directory MD5
Initialize the parameters.
Returns true if there are more records.
Trims the capacity of the list to be the list s current size.
Enter a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
Convert a chess position to an asciiboard string.
Clear all caches.
Convert an iterator of nodes into a set of nodes.
Repeatedly execute a task a fixed number of times.
create vm list from number of containers
Adds a port as one of the portuses
Pop the current attribute set.
put in cache
Remove a model change listener for a particular table
Fire a change event to all listeners.
Creates the name of the connection.
Discovery of a host.
Fills an array with at least the specified number of bytes from the stream.
Draw the circles
Add a new astar node to the open list or update the distances of the closed list
Convert a Javafileobject to a File.
Create a writable raster that uses interleaved stereo.
Build a random multisegment bipartite graph of given edge probability.
Execute a command.
Update progress for the current thread and print the progress to the diagnostic.
Creates a new contexthandler for the directory.
Tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
create a list of containerinitializers one for each jspcontainer.
Creates a new temporary directory.
string representation of a 2 - dimensional integer array
Checks if productcategoryid is a descendant of parentproductcategoryid.
Input an instance for batch processing. The instance is copied into a new batch. If the batch
Return a collection of all column names of a table.
Add created resource to list.
Signals all the semaphore threads to release their resources.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Check if the node is a quorum of active dbsvcs
Schedule a next alarm that will be triggered by a reminder query.
Request that the thread be stopped.
Test for < code > enginecreatesslengine ( String port, int protocol ) < /code
Join the specified arrays using the supplied array function.
split the url into a set of path and query strings.
Initialise Best Selling Items Report
Notifies all registered listeners of a transaction begin.
Add a new job to the job queue.
Reset the parser with a new latex expression
Adds a new constant.
Add data to the plot.
Gets the infogain value for this estimator.
Cancel a property by removing it from the name values holder.
Deserialize a serialized object from a byte array
Verify that the number of digits after the remainder is all divisible by one evenly divisible by the
Show the selected neuron properties dialog.
Encrypt a block of data.
check whether one of the children is changed
}
Removes all the special characters from the string.
Create a new runscript action for a given panel
Send an image request to the webview.
Consolidates the receipts for each installment from the list of tuples.
Checks if a string is a valid email address.
Adds a new directededge to the graph. If the directededge already exists in the graph it
static method to create a application xml file and parse it
Creates a new connection and returns the channelentry.
Returns a report on the current state of the class.
Add subscription to store.
Zip a file
Generate the expanded state map.
Add a listener to be notified when an audio packet is received.
Creates a new deltacrlindicatorextension
Construct a javaenvironment from a file.
add a callback for a method defined in the jsobject
Removes all blocks from the section.
Write the string to a file.
Returns true if the node is an operator variable access.
Called when a time picker value is selected
Returns a list of segments that intersect the great circle defined by the two points. They are assumed
Add an update action to the end of the list of actions.
Load data from a data input
Find the resource for the given classname.
This method removes all data from the cache. It should only be called from the UI thread
create non - cgsrdf pair steps on an empty remote director group
Calculates the timestamp of a downsampling operation based on the timestamp and the window size.
Returns the string representation of this node.
Receive notification of a recoverable XSLT processing error.
Get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target.
Create a unionpath iterator.
Read a record from the database. Each field specified must contain a set of records.
Parse the error message and throw an exception if needed.
True if there are more transactions available.
Adds an issuer to the certificate.
Build a key selection string
Filters the map for caches that have no access to the exclnode.
update the device when the update is updated
javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilder # createelementns ( String namespaceURI, String malformed
helps sort an array of doubles. Assumes that array [ lower+1 ] through to array
Removes the iaudio processor at the specified position.
Make suffixchain.
Converts a locator string into a By object
Notify listeners that a task was started.
Throws a deepstreamrecorddestroyedexception if the record has been destroyed.
Store a copy of the inputstream to the artifact
Escapes the bytes in a bytestring.
Get an array of types for an array of objects
Add this security token as a child of the headere
Returns the index of the first space after start.
Update the moving average and update the viewpoint if necessary
Sample a assignment from the distribution
Read a X. 509 certificate from an input stream.
Creates a new guacamolehttptunnelmap and schedules it to be used in the
Sets a configuration property with the given key and value.
Rename a table using the configured rename definitions.
error handling for the read last confirmed operation
Add a new feature to the feature set.
Apply the current layout to the current neuron list
Returns the nice value of the last field.
Calculate the size of a layer of the tree.
Find a static method that is declared in the given class.
Fetch search service cards from server
Adds a phone number to the contact.
Returns the digits and plus signs in the matching string.
Compares two methods.
Finds the markersegment with the given tag.
open input stream.
Concatenate an additional source to the end of the array. This is useful when the first
Publish the items to a single consumer with a delay.
<! -- begin-user-doc -- > <! -- end - user - doc --
check if the scheme of the current uri is correct.
create a privatekeyusageextension with the specified criticality and value
Generate the periods for the specified datetimeunit from the beginning of the year.
Creates a new AES key.
Handle a change event.
Parses the JSON response from the Facebook API.
Loads the current version number from a URL.
Get all entities that match a specified query.
Add a footer view.
Add a string to the front of the queue.
Indicate if the user is readonly.
consume returns number of elements consumed
Set the parent node of this node.
Returns true if the class is registered.
Adds a new constant.
Prints out a message and then exits with the given exit code.
Asserts that two timestamps are equal with an approximate epsilon.
Parses the spidersitemap. xml file.
{ }
Adds a new hop for the entity
Checks whether the queue is empty.
Test primitive initialization.
Read all of the entries in the block.
Returns the number of hosts in the net2initiatorsmap
add the certificates from the given certstore to the certificate store
Process a LOB.
Fires a prefix mapping event.
Prints the stack trace of this exception to the specified print writer.
Convert list of dataflavours to array
Test for correct error handling for a choice contained empty icon.
translate an attribute of a file to a readable or writeable string
Get next message index id
Fill field values for hearing panel
This method checks the validity of the supplied securityinfos for the specified endpoint.
Retains the elements in this list that are contained in the specified list.
Convert an arraylist of byte arrays to an arraylist of bytestrings
Add a new index to the table
The keystore password.
Instantiates a new zookeeper state machine ensemble.
Create a customshortcutset from a character.
Removes the smallest key and associated value from the subtree rooted at x.
Reset the error and warning counters
Writing the CPEylon source file to the outputstream.
Build a map of targetclass to list of attribute. typecompounds.
Update the location of the entity based on a new location
Compares to another value
Bind the value to a given property.
Removes a column from this table.
Write a string to the log.
Closes the database connection.
Constructs a new structembayessearch editor from a structembayesestwrapper object
Remove an actionlistener to the button.
Return true if the character at the specified index is a literal.
Generate the granularity from a granularity string.
Constructs the worditerator for the default language.
Closes the index by closing its open leaf page if necessary.
Push a single file.
Processes a segment of the CoDAC file to produce a string.
Resize the array to the given size truncating or removing elements from the end of the array
Split an unsigned 8 bit integer to two bytes of high byte and low byte.
Short field sprinter.
Fill the classset with classes in a directory
Remove a bandwidth field by name
Exit with a process success code.
Get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Removes newlines from the end of the string.
Override if you want to change how the javadoc is generated.
Extract the properties from a list of properties
Remove the last row from the table.
Ensure that the component with the given name is visible to the user.
Ends the current representation protection mode.
Create a label generator using the specified label format and default number and percentage instances
Split a charsequence line with a specified delimiter.
start the cctimer with the target and selector
Reads a tuple from the stream.
Adds a number or a floating point number to the result.
Remove property change listener.
Load the values for this table from an XML node
Hash a signature. The signature is divided in stages by the number of rows. Each stage is
Add a trigger groupname to the system.
Reads a string from the stream.
Clear temp files.
This method will try to decompress the thumbnail image from the given file and return the corresponding bitmap.
submit succeeds if the pool has no elements
Shrink an area by the amount of this rectangle.
Run the assertions in the request with the default tolerance.
Build absolute stats.
Serialize the classifier to the specified file.
Find a _fields instance by the field id.
Check if the field is a partition tag.
Arrange the block and its blocks.
Invokes the given method on the given statement.
Returns the index within a string of the first occurrence of the specified character.
Increments the integer at the given key by the given delta. If the key does not exist
send a osc packet to a client
keytyped This is the method that is called when a key is typed.
Fill in the gaps between original names and mapped classes using the mappingmode specified
reads the next object
Create a program that satisfies an OP_CHECKMULTISIG program.
delete the instances at the given positions
Adds an event listener for the specified event type.
Performs a GC2 reduction on the two provided arrays of size m1 and m2 and
Check if a base date is between two dates
Add a timeout event listener to the timeout manager.
Convert a list of strings to an array of strings.
Transform the specified tooltip text.
Writes a buffer to the underlying stream.
set up the connection for a new client http request
Receive notification of character data.
Appends a tag and its value to the XML.
Gets the extrainfo value for this CertificateTokenValidation.
Adds the toplevel contents of the page.
Calls the closure for a new instance of the class specified by the map of key - value
Unsupported operation. This implementation always throws UnsupportedOperationException.
add an index entry to the resourceindex
Solves the problem and prints statistics.
Delete from the front of the array everything after deleteat.
Factory for a bean type.
This method reverses the order of the mallocations in the order of their occurences
******************************************************************* subjectcredsonly
Adds a value to the array.
Removes a storage. This method is called when a storage is deleted.
Sends an advanced synchronous request that has to be configured by the developer.
Returns true if the example fulfills the defined condition.
Load binary data from an inputstream
Delete luns from the lun group
Remove the specified locators.
is selected boolean.
Add the operation to the progress panel.
Keystore provider with the given name.
Compare and decrement worker count.
Create a httpurlconnection from a list of requests.
Creates tcpendpoint of the given host and port.
Tests fix for BUG # 22613 - DatabaseMetaData.getColumns ( ) does not
The time of the process executed on the filesystem.
Construct a programrewriter from an array of rewrite rules.
Creates the settings menu.
Writes a string to a dataoutputstream
Checks whether the given string is a valid Java class name.
Creates the node commands to be executed.
calculate the measures for all the packages and compute their metrics
Gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a
Deletes the first occurrence of the specified string from the builder.
Convert a list of strings to an array of Class objects
Reduces memory consumption to the recommended size.
Check if this list contains a prompt that allows to select an account.
Sort the instances based on an attribute.
Flips the image horizontally
Gets the current value of the audit variable.
True if the request is a terms request.
Reads the 10 segments from the table.
Project a time value that is within 24 hours
This method is used to update min and max for no dictionary. Maximum length of the dictionary is
Desirialize a Struct Object
Command line interface for the querier.
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Sets the input file for the scanner.
Create an extended dismax configuration object.
Write a JSON value to a property if possible.
Compute the logarithmic scale of the maximum y - axis value using the logarith
Adds a focus cleared listener.
additemlistener to the current list
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Create mosaiclevy from a mosaicid.
Returns the rank of the given value.
Negate a predicate.
add marginTop to a contentchild
Convert a hexadecimal string to a byte array.
Sends a number of bytes from a byte array to the device.
Fetch the schema from the server and register it in our dynamic
Appends the given data to the given stringbuilder using the given separator for the prefix and the
Convert this vector to a real array of the correct dimensionality.
Read the sequence file and return the list of keys.
Checks if the given seqno is available in the log.
Draw a line using the classic Bresenham algorithm.
process a item with this derivation function.
Push to the top of the stack
Returns the number of elements in the specified tail.
Create a response.
cast a Object to a long
Finish the grid row adding the icon to the right.
Test for < code > isstatepreserved1 ( ) < /code > method
Shutdown the debugger
This method is called when a ping is received.
Returns the number of the object literal.
not implemented
Check the transfer rate against the expected value
Add a x509trustmanager to the list.
Find all the children of this node.
Create a new folder
i - logarithm of sigmoid function.
Run comparison test.
Tests the getscale method.
Make a prettyprinted JSON text of an object value. < p > Warning : This method
Check whether the given annotation is retained at runtime.
Message processing test for the method processmsg5.
Adds the classpath to the merge path.
This method loads the userid directories. It is called when the server starts up and the options are
Return a null individuum of the specified dimension
Returns a list of all classes found in the supplied directory.
check if the value is slavogermanic
Shuffle the inventory
This method is used by the format method to format a number into a specified format. If the
Returns the lower case version of the given string.
assert that the list has the same number of elements as the _num variable and all elements in
Register a new transformation.
Terminate this coroutine removing it from the set of active coroutines.
Shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary. This method involves copying
Define a set of conditions that must all be met.
Stream a dropdown list to a specified absolute position.
Instantiates a new hop implementation.
Update the UI controls
Write a single character.
message handler for loconet messages
This function is called by the batch insert or batch remove function depending on the insertrate.
Should multiple additions be allowed?.
Test if a service is present in a set of objectclasses
Writes an int field value.
Returns the natural logarithm of the factorial of the specified number.
Block until all data has been read from the stream.
Atomically adds the specified object to the set.
Close a closable silently.
Appends a byte array to the end of the file.
Notifies all the listeners that the content has changed.
converts an integer to an inet address
Open a cfftp connection
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map if the map previously contained a mapping for
Determine the common suffix of two strings
Close the viewer.
Start monitoring the input stream.
Wait for the end of the video frame.
Reduce the size of the icon by the given factor
Read the object from the input stream.
Returns the lower camel case version of this name.
Removes and returns the element at the top of the queue without removing it.
Adds a new movieset add - action.
create a rmiregistry on demand
This method is called when a new instance of the UDPSocketStatisticsHandler is created. This
Resets the internal state to the initial state.
If the last character of the buffer is not a whitespace character add a new character at the end
handle request of type tblrequesthandlerlisthrefdupaction
Returns true if the entry is expired.
Makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame.
; }
Handles a completed query.
The former identities of the current node.
perform the operation.
Do nothing.
Obtains a local date in the epoch day local date using the default time zone.
check that the cache is empty
Returns the node associated with the given hash and key.
Add a new language to the system language list.
Returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than or equal to the given
Add a new user into the database
Block mix of 128 - bit variants of input keys
Register a new host somewhere in the network
Add to the queue a flow to be reconciled
Create a jar file from a stream.
Append a new cell with a given value to the end of the current line.
Expect a server proxy failed.
Removes the parameter associated with the given key.
Recalculate attribute statistics for a single attribute.
Returns true if this node has no children.
Insert a new column at the given index.
Returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified string.
Calculates the size of the right - hand side of a production given the size of the production
loads a scripted command from the inputstream
Invoke a bsh command passing the interpreter and callstack.
Compute probabilities using multinomial logistic model
Add a new external client to the server.
Delete a file or directory
Add the export remove volume step to the export group.
Inference by gibbs sampling.
Remove a debugging token from the table.
Adjust min and pref sizes to account for spanning components
Parse the file and pass the event to the listener.
other - non - final
Get network parameters from id
add certificate and crls from certstore to this KeyStore
exception ; }
Find the angle in radians between two points. The angle is in radians.
Method appendwhitespace.
Clear resourcetype indices for the given resource type name
Special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions
Generate the rolling periods for the specified timeunit
Not implemented.
Reset the unread counts for all rooms in a section.
Adds a new lexicon category to the list.
Call a nonvirtual method returning the return value.
try all other messages for this node
Make a dark color to ripple effect
stream. foreach ( null ) is equivalent to stream. of ( _str _str _str
Cache the client user id of an internal id of the consumer
find a node for a given key. Returns null if no such node is found.
Returns true if the node is public.
only one thread is allowed to receive images.
Invoice the invoice
Return the s2cellid of the i - th cell of the specified face.
Updates the actions that depend on the state of a project.
= false ;
Truncate the phone number by dividing it by the number of digits specified by the number. If
Check if a time is within a time comparison epsilon.
Returns an optional that can be used to compute the histogram of the input stream.
Create weekday label.
Returns a new path equivalent to this one but with the given relative path appended.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified substring in the specified value. If the value
null pointer exception in the executor
Read a 32 bit signed integer
Add a preprocessor directive like # define in the xml document.
Format a date according to our stored formatter.
Clear results for the current profiler.
Add a constraint to the graph query that requires a particular key s value to be equal to the
Convenience method for adding a new attribute value.
Copies the data from the inputstream to the outputstream
Print all public or protected members of a type.
Initializing the basic variables and rows.
} }
Find free space on a file or directory.
attach the header to the message.
Phonemise a string.
Stops the JVM.
the state of the function and the derivative of the function
Returns the hash code of the specified object or the default number if the object is null.
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings
asserts that the actual pivotfield matches the expected field value and count
Serializes the boolean as an XML string
Convert a string array to an XML element.
Walk the directory tree visiting each file in the directory and then calling the filetreevisitor for
highlight the hashtags in the text
Process a single block using the current cipher.
Get the topic for a command.
Checks the array for null elements.
Download a file from a URL.
test against the `` void setseed ( byte [ ] ) '' method ; it checks out that
Flip the image vertically
Creates a new morfologikfilter factory
Wrap a Callable throwing a RuntimeException if it throws another exception.
Pads the given string to the left with the given number of characters to ensure that it is
Calculates a hash code for this policy set.
Creates a new unix terminal with default settings
Is the cell editable for the specified cell?
check the online status of all streams and remove invalid ones
Add a priority package to the end of the list.
This method is called when the action is performed.
Verifies a given certificate.
Expand by one character.
Sets the supported encodings and the maximum channel count.
Returns true if the graph is configured to rotate edge labels.
Create an extension.
Uses the modified modified cumulative test values and returns the cumulative test
Appends the string representation of the boolean argument to the string builder.
Delete all server instances.
Sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
Receive notification of a fatal XSLT processing error.
Add a single terminal to the set.
Recursivly creates a new node at the specified path.
Stop recording audio.
Writes a tag.
Returns the hashcode of the timestamp.
Add a new type variable to the list and return it
Iterates from this number down to the given number inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Adds a new element to the select clause.
Remove a listener for PV change events
Check if the given geotimeserie is normal or not
Show progress.
Parse a repository expression from a string.
Closes this stream. This implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads
Add a new sourcesection to the BHT.
Load a genomerelationships file
Parses the version into an array of integers.
Computes the type of the graph.
Check if two doubles are equal to within a given tolerance.
Loads a json model from a file.
Split a line on the comment and return an array of strings.
Creates the volumes with the given name and number of volumes.
Converts a hashmap to an object of the specified type
Find a field by its field id.
locate the start of the block between the remblock and the start block. If the remblock
Checks if the there has been an error in the printstream.
Split the PDF document into a list of PDF documents of the specified size.
internal routine to validate the authschemes
Convert a uuid as a string to a uuid
Read and return the next line.
Decodes a base64 - encoded string.
Create a new paint that uses the specified width and height.
Returns a list of numbers that match the pattern in the text.
create an entry node and add it to the graph
Assert that the deliveries have the expected state.
This method is used to create a compilescope for facets.
Compresses the bitmap and writes it to a file.
Parse the given text into a sentence.
elemtemplateelement - > replace a child with another
Get the hash code for the three keys.
Flushes the output stream.
Adds an entry to an entryinfo list.
Updates the state of the current slide based on the new position
Flush the filter to the stream.
videostream ( streamstr ) - > videostream
Compares this string to the specified string. The string is compared by reference.
Flush the stream.
Start the servers in a new thread.
Evaluate the pagination annotations of the given entity class
Constructs a new runtimecollector instance for the specified algorithm with the specified frequency and result file writer.
Remove a service provider from this registry.
Creates a comparator that compares latest first relative to the given date.
Updates a comparable object item in the series.
Writes an float field value.
Decode the data provided using the decoder into a byte array.
Return a path for a scroll bar button. This is used when the buttons are placed together at
Remove all views from the adapter and notify the adapter that the adapter has changed.
Check if a mobile number is valid for the current locale
Converts an error in the generated file to a CompileError based on the source.
Returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
Add notification to notificationwidget
Caller must guarantee that attributes are not null or empty.
Returns a ignoredescriptor for a method based on the ignore annotation on the method.
Randomly sample k modifiable dbids from the source.
Draw a message size.
Parses the signature to extract a list of arguments.
javax.net.ssl.SSLContextImpl # enginecreatesslengine ( ) javax. net
Process the dispatch request.
Resets the candidate generator to the initial state
Redefine this ExtendedType object to represent a different extended type. This is intended to be used
Writes a long to the specified position.
Delete the replication set
Advance to the next frame in the pending queue or reschedule if there are no more frames to
Read a 64 - bit long from the current position in the buffer.
database metadata test.
Attempts to find the log implementation based on the log category and the user specified log class name
Create a via header from a host port transport and branch names
Returns a string representation of this write buffer.
Resolves the parameters of the executable.
Checks whether a character is a valid character for a name.
ID start char boolean.
Returns the hash code value for this key.
Instantiates a new command handler enum.
Returns true if the descriptor refers to a floating point type.
Invoked when the component is resized.
Initializes the parameter parser with the given name and description.
Attempt to remove the element at the given index using a copy of the array as the current
Remove a model from the sub - project
This method will read in a number of maps and generate the output. Note that this number will
Calculate the hoeffding regularized logarithm of the normalizing function.
scroll up or down by dx amount of pixels
Test that local instances are deterministic.
Add a match with an applied region to the list
Resets the iterator so it can be reused.
Check that a consumer throws an exception of a specific type.
Returns true if the graph is empty.
Throws a runtimeexception if the given boolean is not true.
Creates a new instance of tagkeyvaluemapconverter
Sets the flag debugall to true if the DBG table contains the key debugalltoken.
Attempt to retry the request when a volleyerror occurs.
Sort in batch list.
Add a new directoryset to the database
Returns the node in the hi iterator.
add id repoamsdkplugin to organization
Toggle the pin when a key is pressed
Return true if the string contains a hierachic indicator
Renders a portion of the layer.
Receives a char. This method will block if no input is available.
Convert a byte array to a bytebuffer.
Write a single byte to the outputstream.
Processes a local file reference such as a file or a directory.
Generate the screen on or off utterancenace
Reset the timer to the start of the timer.
Reads a 32 - bit integer.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
javax. security. auth. x500. x500principal
Add a tagtransformation
Check if a file has been modified.
Return the next string in the stream.
Overwritten for old version of Lyrics 3. 0
Calculate the Spearman rank correlation coefficient between two vectors.
is db configuration present
Checks to see if a string is a complete numeric run.
generate javascript alert close window
Returns the best maximal rule parse for the current state
Override this method to parse the attributes of the given element.
Calculates the distance between two points.
Start the table with the given conditions.
Pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it 'places'long
Registers an error result code.
Add all exceptions in the given set.
Starts the video stream.
Used by license locators to locate license files
Check whether the exception is intended for the current stack trace.
Initialize the project type registry with the set of types.
Add a notification listener to a registered MBean.
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the
Consume messages from the consumer
internal method to delete attributes from an entry
Test the dsa provider.
Checks if is classliteralpossible.
Load the log file.
Creates a new htmlstripcharfilterfactory
Updates the password of the user.
The likelihood of a tag in a document.
Get the string representation of the instruction.
Gets the value of the safemode property.
byte [ ] get and put with offset and length
Add an item to the end of the list
Returns true if we have localized messages.
creates a dockerimage from a full image name
Add a set of channels to listen for notifications.
Deletes a directory recursively.
Deletes any empty folders from the favorites database.
Perform an asynchronous sum operation
write ( byte [ ] b, int off, int len )
Parse the given XML data string and return the corresponding DOM Document.
Check if the volume is a production journal.
test compound symbol in column name
Unescape and decode a given string.
Wait before next poll.
Computes the lengths of the annotation text and the maximum lines in the annotation text.
Writes an image map to a printwriter.
Add a new message to the list of messages.
Convert the object to an XML string.
Make collection into a list of strings.
Returns the smallest of the specified values according to this ordering. If there are multiple smallest values the
Read a number of bytes from the stream.
Append a string onto the vector.
Consolidates all itemstacks that do not match in the inputstacks into a single
How many days old from time
Returns the iswfxmlchar function.
Xor for zero and zero
Invoke the provided consumer for each item in the flux.
java. util. Arrays # fill ( char [], int, int, char )
Adds missing values to the instances in the dataset.
Insert in batches of partitionsize data objects.
Removes the specified ontabselectedlistener from the listener list.
The list of uris to connect to.
Adds the volumes to a parking storage group. This is an asynchronous call.
convert string to inputstream
Has the user chosen to export to PPKCS8?
Generate a public key from a base64 encoded string.
Creates a number tick.
Determines whether the server is running and can be stopped.
Log a message to the given printstream at the given level.
Returns whether or not the given modifier is public.
Create a map from a user - defined column name to value.
Append a string in quotes
Delete user from authenticationinfo.
Log an error message.
Removes the specified iaudio processor from the pipeline.
Returns the type of animation that ended.
Append a string onto the vector.
Checks if a method is contained within a list of wrapper methods.
Delete the specified node from the graph.
Respond to the Update button being pressed.
Convert the object to a string.
Use XStream instead of java. lang. String.
Calculate the L2 distance between two vectors using the Chebyshev function.
Gets the batchsize.
Decodes an array of URL safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes.
Clear the cache of all attached scrape.
Add a new dataset to the data set.
Pass the call on to the underlying handler
Create a new libvlc instance with the specified options.
add a child to this textureview at the specified location
Returns the minimum path sum of a 2 - d grid.
Set the time from a date and time string.
initializes the dialog with the given parent
Minimize an automaton using simple elimination.
Compares the specified object with this abstract item.
Add a new column
Checks for nans in the numbervector
Fills a stringbuilder with unicode characters starting at offset.
Open the file for writing.
Calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
Closes this stream. This implementation closes the target stream.
Write a list of files to a file.
Marks all the internal classes of the message.
Obtain the cosine of the angle.
Calculate the Sserror of the predicted and the target attributes.
Returns the number of registered namespaces.
Append a character sequence to this Writer.
Convert a timestamp to a human readable string.
Consume an attribute.
Copy the contents of the internal buffer into the given byte array starting at the given offset.
Import a key to the key ring. This method is thread safe.
Instantiates a new connectiongrouptree.
Checks if a single metric is contained in the file.
Separate meta tags content from regular expression
Remove columns from the table
Read the serviceconfig from the global g11n file
Refresh the set of keys that have been assigned to the current preferences.
Add the typemirror to the list of inherited types.
Multiply the histogram by a scalar and return the result
add cacheparticipants to the verstore.
Convert a map to a JSON string.
Prints the message and context.
Returns the number of methods in this filter.
Store requestid in a HashMap using the specified key.
save Postmni to the list
Go to update page.
Create a new element from the given scope and source information.
Convert a collection of files to a list of relative paths
Creates a new security manager if one doesn t already exist.
Get the exchange rate between two currencies
Do the interaction between two servers.
Create a new engine id from a port. The port is the local port.
Parse a ruleset from a file
Method encryptandreplacewsselements.
Add an issue during transformation
Inserts a new child at the specified position in the child list.
Creates the NTLM Hash of the user s password.
Checks the value between 0 and 1 and shows a warning message if the value is between 0 and
throws IOException ; }
Raise each element of a matrix to the power of a equal number.
Splits a classname to a list of classnames handling camel case.
Use an XPath string to select a nodelist
Constructs a new resultentry with the specified non - dominated population and specified properties.
Generate the locators for the discovery XML element.
Creates a new instance of basictype.
Null implementation for no action performed
Apply properties to the parameter service
Rotates the subtree so that its root's right child is the new root.
Add a new node to the cluster.
Checks to see if a given backup set exists.
convert a string to a quoted and comma separated array
Writes a string to the output stream without compression.
Parse thresholds file.
Shutdown the server and wait for all to finish.
Converts a point in world coordinates into a point in view coordinates.
} }
Adds a new setup descriptor to the chain.
Compile a progresssuccessaction string
Join an array of floats with a separator
Put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position
Returns the number of the number of parameters defined by the given descriptor.
Optimize a trie by removing gaps and merging adjacent rows.
Is all denied boolean.
returns a key that can be used in the hashmap as a string.
Returns a formatter for the specified locale.
Wait for external storage to be mounted
This method pushes a new node into the vector.
Upload an apk and install it on the device.
Reads the data from the input stream as a list of bytes.
uninstall package silent by root < ul > < strong > Attentions : < /strong
Open a list of tracks and load the next one
Set the column names to be added.
tests negative reverse step by one with a positive closure
Returns null if the number of digits in the given bigdecimal exceeds the allowed precision otherwise returns the
This method deserializes the supplied XML string into a tree.
Append the url and the parameters.
Send event to agent.
This method is used to add the JMS objects to the filter list.
Index the given field for all the given tuples.
close outputstream without a Exception
Add a search listener
Returns true for a singleattributecontainer.
Renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time.
Open a file.
toggle the selection status of the photo
} }
Map a char value.
Invokes the wrapped producer method.
If the given name is a keyword or built - in name wrap it in one if it is
Add a new issuematcher.
Finds the scope for an annotated element.
[ ] ; }
Remove a property change listener.
Advance to the previous break position in the text.
Load the image from the specified imageresource and replace the image with a new image.
Tests whether this compound name starts with the specified compound name.
invokeall will block for a specified number of tasks
create internal listener with configmanager object
Sign a hash with the private key.
Creates a new timeperiod instance using the specified start and end time.
menu ( ) ) ; return editmenu ; } ; } ; }
Remove a listener for history changed events.
Sets the current state of the H2 database.
Gets the isbom value for this Operand.
Gets the value of the signed property.
Parse the given text into a tree of Nodes.
Returns the number of parts in this multipart body.
Make a simple database from a file using the parameters specified in the configuration.
Adds the filters for the filename extension to the JFileChooser.
To be called from an Activity or Fragment s onStop method.
Returns the next token without consuming it.
Elimina rusuariosorgano.
Add a new layer to the list of layers.
shiftright of a negative number
Performs an ignormal or logarithm normalization
Finds the first non whitespace character starting at index.
Reads the next length of content from the input stream. The type of content read is described
Sets the primitive value of this property.
Create cash based debit journal entries and reversals for savings and tax payments
Reads a number of bytes from the file into the given bytebuf.
Clear time of self and return self.
Returns the probability distribution function.
Append an integer to the given buffer.
Draw the text and optionally a color.
Test search for a spring active directory with a specified limit
Override handlekey to add global key events.
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Strip leading period from the start of a string.
check if the specified directory is a required configuration directory
Removes empty labels and assigns IDs to non - empty labels.
rotate theta degrees about the z axis
Calculate the nanoseconds since midnight from a given time in milliseconds.
execute the provided function with the provided argument
create https client balancedwebresource
Creates a new type signature with the given number of array entries added to the end of the signature
Print new line.
Increases the buffer to the given size by multiplying by the number of doubles that
Creates split on enumerated attribute.
Check if load more is enabled.
Add a new worker if necessary
Removes the node at the head of the frontier
Creates a bitmap font with the specified name and image and the specified cutoffsets and charwidth
Test if the given memorypoolmxbean is of type heap and has the same name as the
Returns a simple string representation of the matrix.
Executes the given callable in an interpreter - only environment.
Parse proxy settings and add selector for protocol
Adds a header to the response.
Reads a skeleton file from the specified reader. Each line in the skeleton file starts with the
Get the non - monogamous samples from a collection of families
create the vao for the scene
Checks if the given content is already present in the file.
Load an image from the specified file using the specified character.
Update status of cancelled receipts.
Add animations for a view.
Discover storage systems from the discovery table and set all fields to false.
Initialize the filter.
Checks whether a string exists in a specified range.
Unregisters the file or directory at the given path.
Method to add a new property criteria.
Remove a column from the table
Check if an unmanaged protection set exists in the database.
Put String to byte array
Check the query in the correct order.
Atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function on the current and given
Close the notification
Returns true if the current page should be moved.
Converts all throwable objects in an array of arguments to throwable objects if they have a message.
Creates a new rafdirectory with the specified path and lock factory.
Add minutes to the list
Recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations.
This method gets called when a bound property is changed.
Sorts the array in place and returns it.
Execute a SQL UPDATE statement.
do text normal operation
Initialize the static data structures for use with the database.
Adds the indices in the given collection to the indices parameter
Indicates whether current connection is cookie secure.
Convert a jsonstream into a list of objects
Return a list of multistep exprholders or null if there are no multistep expressions in the
Add word length weights for each quant unit.
UpdateFunctionalityTest2 # testupdate3 ( ). Updates parent and fkstrict table in
This method eliminates all exceptional out-reachable basic blocks that are reachable from the current basic
Returns the string in a spaced manner.
Parse the content type in the provided bytes. It uses the enum contenttype.
Benchmarks nothing.
Same as straight lineto but with a relative dx and dy
Parse the conflict results from the script.
Send the start of the MIME part.
Add to the actual quality value.
Checks whether the character is a vowel.
Print the stacktrace of an exception to a printwriter.
Reads the data from the stream.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. Shifts any subsequent elements to the
Build a row of components in a panel.
Add more target elements to this multitarget.
Adds a curved segment defined by the previous and next points to the path.
Test the division of two numbers of different scales when the sign is negative
This method will open a new counter input stream if it is not already open.
Add a composite predicate that evaluates p1 and p2.
Read next word.
Convert a string to a stringbuffer
Test if a file or directory exists.
Method to build the associations for the given instances.
Replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string.
}
Add an object.
Return the first child element of the given element that matches the given names.
Starting point of the application.
Returns the hashcode for the string.
Tests the functionality of the method in the class PasswordEdittext.
Normalizes the input array using the maximum value of the elements.
Writes a message to a file.
Calculates a hash code for the colormap.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Writes a file to the multipart mime stream.
This method is called whenever the locale of the application changes.
Get keymap instance by key.
Returns true if the name is gmtish. A name is gmtish if
Transforms a string that represents a URI into something more proper by adding or canonicalizing the protocol
Removes the key and its associated value from the map.
Adds the whole matched string to the stringbuilder
Start the timer
Get a single row from the table
Returns a new string that has all the characters in the given string removed.
Add all columns of the table to the returning clause.
Write the contents of an inputstream to an outputstream.
Check and setup streams drawer.
java. math. BigDecimal with bigdecimal
Copies the given component and returns the new component.
Compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution. Do this incrementally for a distribution that has
The method is used to calculate the totalpendingbalance and totaladvanceadjusted for WO
Loads the profile of the given user.
Scroll the list by the specified amount.
Checks if the symbol needsquoting ( that is whether the first and last character of the symbol
Parse a commit counter from a file name.
Creates a new XML document from the given file.
Create a floating comment node and link it to the current node.
Check if a given employee is an HOD
set singlelabel mode with list of languages.
Returns an array of statvalues that match the specified spec.
Recursively assign cluster numbers to all nodes in the tree.
Close the current subpath within a contour.
tvshowepisodescrapetask class
Save the selection to the specified minitable
Creates a new instance of modelmbeannotificationinfo
Cancel a scheduled build task by id and remove it from the tasks table.
Create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
Move the map by the given longitude and latitude
Send an event to the plugin.
function called when a header column is pressed.
Create the list of fixed records with the specified count.
Adds given attributes to this set if they are not already present.
Recompose the attribute - set declarations.
Splits the given string around matches of the given regular expression.
Delete a directory and all its subdirectories and files.
Specialized version of find to get last valid node.
Appendtonalunit data to the internal buffer.
Return the size of a directory recursively.
Pan the view by the specified distance in absolute coordinates.
Serializes and verifies that the provided object is the same as the original.
The URL to the reference guide on the website.
Returns the mean of a list of numbers
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Initializes a scanner to read from a url.
enable fullscreen after a load tests
Converts an HTML entity to a string.
Writes a byte vector to the stream.
Unlock User Interface. Called from the UI thread
Build a map of device uri to storagesystem based on a list of descriptors.
Encrypt the plaintext as bytes using the given password.
Find a field by its thrift id
Deinstalls the editor pane.
Whether this connection is secure.
Add a new record to the sample set and randomly select a value from the record with the same
Prepare the tenant create param based on the tenant object
Throws an internalerror exception for non - fatal errors.
This will draw the node highlight with the specified color.
Create a new imageencoder instance for the specified image format.
use this to apply pinchzoom to imageview
Parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
Returns true if the account is balanced.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Get the detailbase for a method.
Close the output stream.
Lock the current window.
This is the entry point for creating a statement.
Removes a document by its id.
Switches to the setup dialog.
Load the client object from the server.
Add a field property.
Parses the nowildcards text.
Returns a map of environment variables to their base64 encoded representation.
The graphical representation of a series.
listen the specified user to listen to a modified log message with a token
Checks if the classname is a valid one.
This method is called when a new minute is added to the clock.
check if data collection scan jobs are not already scheduled
Remove a set of breakpoints from the storage.
Replace all the attributes of a CreationTemplate.
reads the object from the input stream
Add a new item to the list.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Creates a new cluster server
Create a positive biginteger from a sign and an array of bytes. The sign is 4.
Test the minimalcompletionstage method.
Write directory post resource
Return a new array that contains only the first < code > size < /code > elements of
Look up a potiontype from a name.
Remove a curlmesh from the list
Returns the n best list of sentences from the specified source.
Causes the given runnable to be added to the internal queue.
Returns true if the inner map is closed.
insert think time into the script
Adds a new node to the basic block.
Ensure that the buffer can hold at least the number of elements specified.
Remove a field name.
Read a collection of resources from the inputstream.
Add a targeted by a weapon to the list of targets
Returns true if a checkpoint with the given key exists.
Creates a new omscalingraster.
copy a inputstream to a outputstream
Writes the pdf file header
Parses a string value.
This method is used to write a return value for a method that returns a primitive.
Returns the formatted link.
jsonexception.
This will try and fix the given utils and if it can find a common ancestor it will add
Reads the configuration file and parses the configuration file.
Returns a list of all the directories in a directory.
Serializes all the textedits of this object into the given stringbuffer.
Converts an int to a base 64 encoded string and appends it to the given appendable.
Remove a overlay for a cell.
Removes the foreign key at the specified position.
Inserts the string into this buffer at the specified offset.
Adds an gefaehrdung to the list of all gefaehrdungsums
Normalize the classpath.
Create a sequence containing one object.
Append a int onto the vector.
If the node is a string type insert a new stringconversionnode after the converted one and
UpdateFunctionalityTest2 # testupdate7 ( ). Updates table using subquery in update
) ; } }
Validate the uri.
Indicate that all data has been written to the output stream.
Return the physical address of a file header.
Process an internal entity declaration.
Returns true if the user is authorized to perform the specified operation.
Returns the next object in the bag.
Adds a list of messages to the chat room.
Set onrational function.
Instantiates a new generic principal.
Compares this x509crlentry with another one for equality.
Simulate a roll 1d6 instruction.
Convert a septet stream to an octet stream.
ctagstree ctagstree
Calculate the height of a marker at a specific location.
consumerfunction is called for each record in the consumer group
Calculates the Euclidean distance between two instances.
This method recursively finds all the sameas chains for a given resource and adds them to the
reindex a database.
Prints out the dot representation of this graph.
Resize tables if necessary
Checks if there is at least one more inet socket address available.
Method for computing x for given percentile level iteratedto value
Extract the queue name from a database name.
Look up the name of a type in the symbol table and use it as a reference.
Calculate the angle between two pointers
Returns a unsigned 16 bit integer from the data at the given offset.
Removes the surrounding quote characters as needed.
Generates a label for the specified series.
Tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern.
Adjust the preferred size of the font.
Find an RVMField of the given name and descriptor that is declared in this class.
Calculate a quarter using the default locale.
}
Returns a new instance with the specified key and default value.
Read boolean.
This method is called when the type of a field is autoboxed.
open pdf file with byte array data
The main method. It parses the command line arguments and generates the report.
Awaits a match from the arena.
Construct a list of signatures using a union of partitioned dbids.
test whether bit is positive
Finds the end of the given character sequence after trimming new line characters from the end of the
Calculate coordinates for the text.
Convert from a Julian date to a Java date.
Removes the last occurrence of the specified element from the end of this deque.
Serializes a compact RDF Struct Prop node.
Queries a utility table for the given variables using the given evidence
Converts a list of string with scores to a list of numeric values.
Go to the next image in the series.
Parses the message from the given input stream.
Find the best insertion score for a relocated activity in the partialroute.
Write short to the stream.
Checks if is initialized.
Called when the register button is clicked.
Keep a list of all statements that have extra valid subjects. Add the subject to the set of
Remove the leading and trailing whitespace from the start of the line.
Calculates the square of the Euclidean distance between two points.
Adds the instructions in the specified flow block to the end of the specified flow block.
Returns an iterator over the elements in the list in proper sequence.
Check if the domains is not used by any tenant.
filter out circles that do not intersect any other circle in common
Initialize without invoking the junit for a fixture method.
Return the serialization type or the declared type for the annotated type. If statictyping is set
Convert a single index file to a scene
Returns a map containing the given entries.
Write a character array to the underlying output stream.
Load a maryvoice.
Appends a new entry to the end of the map.
Add an incrementalclassifierlistener
Read a 4 - bit float.
Returns a collection of the certificates from the given input stream.
Checks if files exist on the destination but not on the source.
orderexprlist is a list of expr nodes. orderexprlist is a list of nodes that
Tick a block at a random location.
Insert the given purchase information into the database and return the number of items successfully purchased and refunded
Configure the message label.
Remove all limit lines.
Return a new filterable containing all elements from the supplied stream except those contained in the supplied stream
Calculate the metering region for a normalized display coordinate.
Flushes the stream. If the stream is already flushed then this does nothing.
Initialize the vector from a double array.
Visit an inner class. This method will be called only if the outer class is not null.
Converts a longitude to its pixel value given a longitude value in the internal format.
Returns true if the world file values of the specified avlist indicate that the world file is
Stolen from the integer at the specified register.
Remove a session from the remote sessionset.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Iterator visits the direct child nodes of this node.
Enables the output. If the output is already enabled this does nothing.
Create a new HMAC with the given secret key.
Checks whether the CharSegment starts with the specified string.
write raw bytes directly to the output stream.
Return whether or not the given soot class is a source class.
Process the ldif file.
Prints the progress.
Acquire destroy readlock and post-remote release lock to avoid deadlocks.
load positions from database
Toggle the checkbox.
Adds a new completed batch to the downloads database.
Check if the outputbuffer has enough data and if so enqueue it
Create a new retryable fixed - delay jobdefinition with the given parameters.
Find by thrift id.
Stores given 64 - bit long value at the specified address.
Uses simple pipeline to create small splits of cas.
generate a signature for the given XML document
Display a popup for this field
abstract sdfwriter.
Guesses the best firing plan under heat.
Map a volumegroup to its restrep representation
Post all filenames provided in args
Clear the current searchable
Add a new action listener to the current panel
Creates a new shapeless recipe with the specified number of additional ingredients added to the recipe.
Returns the order by clause.
Find a clone given a key and a list of clones.
Convert the specified string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
Checks if the string value looks like a repeat of a background color.
Executes the command specified by the first parameter.
Add a metacharacter and its replacement.
perform a lookup and return a matches list or null if no matches found.
Finds all history records for the given job.
Quote a single character.
Update the pending nodes by finding the nodes that have the highest expected remaining travel cost and removing those
Returns the string representation of this object.
Draws the overflow indicator for the button.
Write a line of values to the file with the default indent
Checks if the inputstream contains PEM encoded data
Sets the resource that will be closed on close.
Set the routing value.
Receive a byte array from the socket
Delete the attribute at the given position.
Adds labels for the specified locale to the index.
This method is not supported for this class.
Creates a new instance of the plugin loader
separators in the line.
Test if a save location exists.
Loads the raw modules of a database.
Writes the image to the specified outputstream.
Returns a random number from the interval [ 0 _num ) that matches the given value.
Converts the executable element properties to types.
Parse register information node.
Create a named thread with a given name prefix. The name prefix is useful when the name of
Unit test for a cpu with a uint16 group
Add a new server transaction to the list.
Sleep for a period of time.
Test split and join of properties using pipe.
Test to verify that int maps work as expected.
Returns true if the server is busy.
Parses a byte array.
Reset the state of the downloader
Test the merging of an empty descriptor into an empty descriptor.
Decodes a full revision.
Remove all characterdata nodes of the given node and all of its descendants.
Unlinks interior Node p with predecessor trail.
Calculate the mix friction between two forces.
Serialize a Java object into a JSON string.
Compares a sequence written by a sequenceZR instruction to a sequenceZR instruction.
Checks if native volume expansion is supported for the given VPLEX volume.
This method is called when the gui is updated.
If the number is greater or equal to the given value return the indicator of the value. Otherwise
Returns a new size that is identical to this one but with the specified size.
( request ) ;
Create a replay processor with an unbounded or unbounded buffer.
Method called when the user has clicked the show button.
Reads a single octet from the input stream.
Enqueue a job for execution.
test if the number is positive
Receive notification of the beginning of an element.
Draw a string using the current font and color in the x, y coordinates
Reads a sequence of characters into the array.
This method can be called to update the nonce parameters.
Match all Virtual Pools with all Virtual Pools.
returns the maximum trading fee of the player at the specified price
Adds the current search history.
Remove duplicates from filelist based on contents of the filefilter
Concatenates the string representation of each items in this array with the given string as a separator
Writes a 16 - bit Short to the underlying output stream
Specifies the fields that should be returned in the order by clause
Create a new instance of stemmingstring
merge the logstreams
Pack the cipher suites into a single string.
Specify the name of a file with the given extension.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that we have a large enough array for at least
Returns true if the argument is an argument.
recursive method to remove all children of a given type
Eventually sets to a given value.
Checks to see if the current savepoint is a valid savepoint.
set all columns of a resultset to the table editor.
Write a collection of strings to a file.
Clears all the objects from the dataset.
Reset the uidvalidity field to the current timemillis since the epoch
Write an ogg page header to a buffer.
Handle a single staticsite request
Remove a room from the set of rooms
Discharge energy of an ienergizeditem with the specified amount of energy.
Return all elements in the list as an array.
Add all the elements to the list.
Check if the specified feature is supported by the system
Get the current backup partitions for a given node ID.
Set the image url for the loader.
Build a pointer to the identity of this matrix.
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Create a new bidi that uses the attributed string as a source of text.
Check if the caller is valid for the given package. This method is package specific.
Paints the background of an internal frame title pane.
Add a graph listener
Restart and install the patches if necessary.
Helper function for missing values in the labels and missing predictions. Aligns the predictions with the
Is the given product a category for this product?
It creates a new instance of the allstatstablemulti component.
Append the contents of a file to the end of the file.
Provide a whitelist of white - list entries for this token.
Checks if name is a scoped name.
input mode.
Loads a properties file from the given path.
Method to run the sprinter for a boolean field.
Write a list of views to the given stringwriter.
Remove all database listeners
Parse the audiomap. xml file and return the audiomaptype object
Add a generic attribute to the class.
Add fahrtevent to fahrzeitevents if not already present.
This method is used to create a new instance of this provider class without using the service loader as
Checks the validity of a uuid.
Creates a new output stream for writing.
check all the servers and sites for uptime and cleanup remote sessions
Write this object to the given output stream.
Create an IV from a literal.
Add a header to the message.
Add a leaf atom
Cumulative Normal Distribution Function.
Remove the specified result from the table
Create a new entry and populate the model.
test case 22
Creates new dexportprivatekeyopenssl dialog.
Get the sum of a column for a given SQL expression
Calculate the x offset for the shadow based on the cos of the shadow angle and the shadow size
Called when the request is finished.
Use buffered reader to read the contents of the file and compare with the expected contents.
Add a number of days to the current date.
Creates a new temporary file with the appropriate cachedirs for the given mimetype.
Returns an enumeration of all the available options.
Removes the specified entry from the dataset.
Run the read test with the given compression mode.
Closes a context ignoring any naming exceptions.
Removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this queue if it is present. If the queue
Create a writable raster that can be interleaved with this one.
Util method to get the arguments to the heron scheduler.
Adds a document to be analyzed.
Executes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key that was received from one of
} }
add a bezier curve to the path
Read all the stored buckets from the shared preferences.
Reads the next character from the input stream
Accept app offer Remove from appoffers and add to acceptedoffers.
verify a public key with a custom provider
Inject dependencies into the activity graph
This method is called when a write request is received.
Read a local date from the input stream.
Remove the specified selection listener from the panel.
This method writes an integer to the internal byte array that is specified by the number of hex digits
Read the inputstream and return the content as a string.
Convert a list of typeparameter to a list of map of type parameter.
Use the command to ask for free space on a unix socket
Reads the data from the inputstream and closes the inputstream without closing the inputstream
See if within two moves of solution.
Opens a penntreebank reader on the specified directory using the specified sections.
Processes SSLv2 Hello message. SSLv2 client hello message message is an unexpected message
Closes the write half of the stream.
apply rowchange data to the database.
Recursively normalize the namedlist
Checks if the number is infinite.
Returns the znode name of the inprogress znode.
Adds a new observation with the specified value.
Indicate that the socket is receieved dual to this class.
Output the doctype declaration.
Checks to see if the passed in vector is a valid vector for the image
Resolve a base url against a target.
Computes the depth of the node and all of its children.
convert a path to an array of url objects
stack frame number must be equal to inputsize + outputsize
Notifies all connection event listeners that the manager has closed a connection.
Non - volatile put method
Numberstrategy fields of this class will be used as the field number.
create a uri from a set of server inet addresses
Creates a new plot navigator for the specified axes.
add a new column to the list
Creates a new pointcomparator for a given dimension
Adds an element to the XML document
Flushes any buffered output to the underlying stream.
Add the given character to the head of the buffer.
Adds an interface to the list of interfaces that the class implements.
Reads from the underlying stream into a byte array.
Is the window displayed and expected to contain expected components?
Process the run started tag.
Inserts a character into the styledstring at the given offset.
Adds a new root to the prototree
expand the tree to the given element or treepath and select the element or treepath
Append a float value to the current line.
Create a new svnchangesetcollector.
Ensure that the underlying canvas has a maximum size.
Determines if the given character sequence is normalized.
Returns a string representation of this rule.
Unescapes a string that starts with a backslash.
use callback instead of columnentity
read copystate from the input stream
the state at the top of the stack.
Redeem a token.
Lighten the given color by the factor
Returns the database string of a particular operand size.
Returns the filename of a class with a given typesuffix.
write the binary representation of the processvariable to the stream
Throws an exception if the given qualns string is null or empty.
Formats the float array d with the default number format.
Pack from string into array.
Removes the specified viewpoints from the list
Clear the onpagechangelisteners
Update the color of the input field based on the breakpoint condition
Removes a previously added ignored view.
Write the header to the outputstream.
Check if the resource is current.
Returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing.
Clear the contents of this object.
Toggle the selection state of a section.
Call sox and combine a list of files into a single file.
Stops scrolling the instance.
Simplified version of the execute ( ) method with two arguments.
Create a new Response object with fixed length.
Get the next event without removing it from the queue.
Replaces the endpoint in a url
This method creates the OK path.
Add a new member.
Add whitespace to each element of the list.
If the node is an element node of a widget then returns the fully qualified typename else returns
Process an ftyp atom boolean.
Parse the given input string using the given separator as the delimiter.
Perform a DELETE operation with the specified URL and expected status code.
Calculate the running sum of a single value for the current density map.
Returns a copy of the probability table
Get a subconfig based on the current configuration.
Build map of resource name to display name
Create a new integer column.
Returns the id as a string.
does the potential work for the imageview
Put bitmap to the queue.
Adds a new afterserverstartlistener.
Make sure there is enough space in the buffer for the next file.
Creates a new relation notification object.
below method will be used to add data to store
Tells whether or not the given host or domain is local.
Calculates the entropy of the given dataset.
Save working instances to file.
Calculate the color of the mbar at a specific location
Reads characters into a portion of an array.
Adjust the indentation of the current block based on the alignment that is currently being processed.
Append field to code.
Instantiates a new forward planner
Adds a new button to the bottom of the container
Checks for a nomatch for a tag in attributes of a tagset.
Returns a string representation of the business object data key.
Parse the inittalkio file and return the object
Find the enclosing method call of a gdsl member holder
Uses the genovfenv isoimage command to generate an OVF environment image
Creates an actionable event and persists to the database
Reads a rational number from the stream.
Removes all notifications of the specified type from the system.
UNIFY THE ATOM FROM THE PARENT ATOM
Adds a UUID to a ssfnode.
Returns the offset of the given field in the object
; }
Dispose - Frees allocated resources.
Concatenates a source to the end of the array.
Shutdown the server.
Test if a string is a localid.
bind to the given socketbar
Checks for interrupt, throwing an exception if interrupted.
Reset the output builders to their defaults.
Writes the carriers and their plans to a file.
Removes a listener for resource events
Test that a manifest with an activity with a launcher with a main activity is correctly reported.
Appends a message if the given name is similar to the candidate.
Write the header of the file.
Build the javavendor property.
Creates a new instance of voiceresult
Tighten the tree so that the key is only inserted at the root of the list.
Recursive method to add category nodes to the tree.
Add a listener to the drawer that will be notified each time a new drawer is drawn.
Method used to edit a note with the noteid
Adds a new entry to the history.
Called when the unhide actionbar is clicked.
Formats a time delta in human readable form.
Deconvolve a convolution matrix with the specified rate.
Remove newlines from the end of the string.
Read the object from the inputstream
Total value of a column for a list of rows.
Open the analysis of a file for writing.
called when a child is removed from the BeanContext
process a syllable path and return a string
Removes the instances of the components to scale down from the containers
Draw a normal or arrow to the first lifeline
kill consist and release all resources associated with loco assembly.
Start listening for incoming messages on the socket.
Converts a bitmask to a set of flags.
Verifies the signature bytes.
Add a matchstring to the regex pattern.
Time ago string.
Converts a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
Called when a job is stopped and we need to stop tracking it.
Returns the coefficient of variance.
Returns a string representation of the polynomial.
skeleton version checker that uses a tree map to check the version of skeleton files.
Upgrade a single attribute to a new version. The new attribute will have the default value of
Convert a canonical name to adalvik canonical name.
Emits a ensurecollection call.
Unregisters a client from the given acceptor.
Double quotes handling of string.
Allocate a new container in the list.
Check if uri represents local resource
Synchronously wait for a path to be specified.
True if the resource is a zonelevel resource
Validates that the given message is one of the expected messages.
clean up and release resources
Computes the MD5 hash of the specified message.
Run the metastore job.
Delete a list of peoplecontainers.
Test of findrecentmessageuidsinmailbox method
Queue an event to be run on the GL thread.
Add a message to the errormessages list.
Ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
Write a key with a byte array to the file.
Issues a query request and returns the results using the specified handler
check if the two links have the same linkstats attribute
Returns a new id that is guaranteed to be unique within the configured keyspace.
Remove the provider with the specified number.
Parses an XML element.
Formats the given money according to the default number of units
Removes the instance from the specified entry class.
Read the settings from the system properties
Log a warning message.
read as string from the inputstream
Creates a new field vector with the specified size that is filled with values from the specified preset
Remove a transaction service listener.
Sort the array using the quicksort algorithm.
Tests the isconsistentmodelclass method.
This method is called when a new bean is added to the BeanContext. This method is called by
Removes all the layers from the map
Returns the number of productions contained in the rule.
Asynchronously creates a full - path with the specified data and ACL.
Write this graphic object to the specified outputstream.
Compares this object with the specified object for equality.
Creates a new reflective attribute of the given object type field name.
Processes an event.
Removes a membership listener.
Add a message to the given URI using the given content resolver.
Present the final image on the screen
Determine the next day of the current year.
Push angular object to local registry given a note and a paragraph.
Removes all of the elements in the specified indexes from the list
Creates a new project tree.
Determine if the Expression is an object type.
Calculate the interpolated value for the current time in milliseconds.
If autorequestmodsenabled is set to true requests the mods for any joined channels that haven
Iterates over all values and returns true if one value matches.
Rename a file.
Handles the errorviolations.
Remove a sensor from this sensor selection model.
Print a way entity.
Returns a string representation of the contents of this buffer.
Get the full path of the given managedobjectreference.
proxyindex ;
Figure out if the object was clicked on by the user.
hash code is not supported for hash tables
Sets the measurement mappings.
extract a zip file to a destination directory
config set from file
creates a new gotolinedialog
Send a request and end the session.
Parses more data from an encoded image.
Test simpleear.
Returns the number of elements that this array can contain.
Compares the specified object with this prefix for equality.
Notify of the wifi state changed.
Checks whether the value exists in an array with a given key.
Removes a listener for the diagram change events.
Returns a connectivitygrid object given a key and a maximum range.
Removes the leading dollar from the string if it exists.
Clears the property via the host context.
Set the pnorm normalization constant.
Creates a jfreechart and displays it to the screen.
Accept a datapoint
Subtract the contents of another namedrangeset from this one.
create a new tailer and start it running in a new thread
True if operating system is macOS.
Returns the number of values in the snapshot.
Construct a dviewasn1dump dialog.
Returns a new string with all whitespace removed.
This method adds a new message to the queue.
Disposes of this menu.
calculate signed distance between a point and this point
This function will expand the real part of a number string with all possible meanings of the word
Returns a new array of all ones
Submit permissions to the activity
Test setting a null deployable property on an deployable object.
}
Create a new deletesubcommandhandler for the specified relationdefinition and path.
This method removes cycles from the graph.
Returns a string representation of the given matrix.
Find the nearest ancestor of a given context for a given match pattern.
Kill the process.
Encode a charbuffer.
Create a new metrics instance with the dimensionnames as keys and the corresponding values as values.
Resolve the class from the objectstream class description.
Check if a creaturerespawnpoint is part of this area.
Adds a buffer to the end of the list.
; } }
this method will load the level files of a given table and column for a given carbon store
Validate the contents of a zero - length file.
Write the container to a dataoutputstream
Applies the given mask to the given value.
Computes the duration from the start time to the current timemillis.
The function to handle the NIFTIF header of the RPF file. If the header
Take a screenshot of the device and return the image data.