Returns the current depth of this node.
Returns the number of bits in x and y.
This method is called when the filter is closing. This method is called when the filter is
Returns a string representation of the model.
Returns a sector that is the union of this sector and the given one.
Returns true if the given double value is equal to the given double value.
This test fails if _str is a string and _num is a positive integer.
Walks the directory tree calling handlefile for each file or directory in the tree.
Returns an array of objects for the given field in the given tupleset. The order of
This test fails if the division fails due to an illegal argument exception.
Override datasetchanged to configure the axes that have been configured for the data set to be
This method is called when the scheduler is scheduled as a library. It is called by the
Returns true if the given type is a string type i. e. the same as the
Validates that the given SQL statement is not blank.
Returns the values of the first element in the array as long.
Returns true if trace logging is enabled for this logger.
Use a missile for a given player. If the player has a rangewe
Sets up the TCP matcher with the given network configuration.
Returns the maximum level of the given node that is greater than or equal to the given level
Request confirmation of a pass code.
This method is called when a worker fails to start. This method is called when a worker
Test insert 4. This test is used to insert a new row into the table. It
Put a mapentry into the disk.
Called when the end of an element is encountered. This method is called when the end of
Log a message at the WARN level. The message is formatted according to the format of the
Delete all entries with the given name.
Returns a string representation of this vector.
Validates the given component against the given generous bitset. If the component is not generous
Remove a hook from the list of hooks to be called when the VM shuts down.
Scrolls to the top of the stack if it s within the bounds of the stack.
Wait for volumestobevisible.
Start the additional services. This method should be overridden in subclasses to provide additional services.
Update the view based on the contents of an indicator file. This method is called when the
Renders the image using the specified graphics context.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given eventname.
Returns true if the name is prefixed by the number of characters in the name.
Release any connection to the server. This method should be called when a connection is closed.
Adds a collection of actions to this quickactionview.
Adds a series renderer at the specified index.
Copy data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Calculate the angle of a given value in the y - axis of the current data set.
Return a buffer back to the pool. This method is called when a buffer is returned to
Add values to the options. The values will be filtered according to the given filter function.
Concatenate this charseq with another charseq and return the result as a new charseq
Override doget in order to send the video to the client. This method is called by
Notifies the listeners of a change in the state of the file descriptor.
Test for the order of _num in _str and _ecps. If _num
Format a throwable with a given level and color. If the log level is lower than the
Constructs a queue key for the given queue name and shard.
Decode the given string using the given character set. If the given string is not a valid
Add a domain name to the list of restricted domains. The domain name must not be empty
stopper is the cancelcriterion that will be executed when the readlock is released.
Test whether the column is an auto - increment value.
Copies the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream.
Returns true if there are no items in the list.
Renders a single frame of a GIF file into a native format.
Checks if the given string is a valid NetCDF name.
Adds a message to this repeated field. The message will be added to the end of the
Prepare the dataset.
Build the serviceregistrar array from the proxyregset.
Check if the value is a valid object name. If not throw a malformedobjectnameexception
Rebuilds the journal file with the current version version number of the application version number of the
Removes all rules and entities from the list of rules.
Add all nodes in the DTM in the given DTM iterator in the order that they appear in
Check if we need to fetch data. If so set the lastdatafetchtime to the
Create a new documenttype with the given qualifiedname publicid and systemid.
Returns the field as a byte array.
Returns the enum value for the given stylename or the default value if the stylename is
SCEMPEGNEXTAVCRAU.
Creates a hashmap of the export masks that are placed in the given set.
Inserts an object into the array at the specified index. If the index is greater than the
Writes an image to the current page. This method is called when a component is added to
Put a document in the cache. If the document is already in the cache nothing happens.
Update the progress of the job. This method is called when the job is about to be
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream. The outputstream will be closed
Fade an audio file. The audio file must have the specified type. If the type
Draws the medgeglow and medgeglowbottom to the specified canvas.
Loads properties from a list of classes. If inherit is true the properties are inherited from the
this testcase is a bit of a hack. It is a bit of a hack.
Fix the gps timestamp.
Returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
Reads a byte from the input stream. If the byte is larger than the number of bytes
Creates the y - axis for the label. The y - axis is the number of labels
Returns the maximum number of items in the queue. This is the maximum number of items that
Print the contents of the job to the given file.
Extend this rulegrounding with another rulegrounding. If the rulegrounding is failed
Returns the next token that matches the given pattern or throws an exception if there is no token
testgettabletypesorder is the same as gettabletypes but the order is
Get a filechannel from the cache or create a new one if it doesn t exist.
Remove a swipelistener from the list of swipelisteners.
Returns the descriptor for the given field signature.
Adds the given parameters to the request body. If the parameter array is null the request body
Returns an atom with the annotation interfaceto annotation class as the first element of the input
Returns true if the resource with the given id has been resourcesupportar false otherwise.
Create a method that returns the result of invoking it with the given dispatch context. This method
Create a new pattern expression with the given parameters and guarded. The parameters are assumed to
Intersect the line a and line b and store the result in the intersect parameter.
Update origset and removeocs from origset and removeocs from removeocs.
Returns the current unix timestamp in milliseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Returns true if this is a PDF license.
Draws the grid background on the given canvas. This method is called when the grid background is
Open a ZIP file for reading from the given path.
Unpacks a string into a char array. The number of characters in the packed string is
Called when the user clicks on the tmpfilescopied button. Dismisses the
Returns the common submitter queue for the current thread or null if there is none.
Returns true if the given attribute is a field package private or public.
Divide two numbers rounded half - up and store the result in _str.
Converts all the characters in the given string to lower case. The string is converted to lower
Load the text from an inputstream. The inputstream is closed after this method returns.
Calculates the MFP selector radius based on the number of selected channels and the number of selected
Returns the width of the text in pixels based on the specified measurespec.
test_getputbytearray - get a byte array from a byte array buffer.
Invoked when the object is about to be added to the database. This method is called when
Returns the local number of the next character in the input. If the input is not a
Sets the pixel value of each path in the given list of paths.
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Throws an illegalstateexception if the assertion is not enabled or if the expression is false.
Start a slide - in from - top animation on the specified view.
Set the value and intlen of val to be the same as val.
This method is called when an error occurs during the request processing. It is called by the
Reads the checkpoint manager from the specified inputstream. If no inputstream is specified the default
Override the default implementation of the indexsegmentindex method. This method is overridden by subclasses to
Check if the string is closed or not. If so return it. Otherwise return null.
Inserts a parameter value into the paramsmap.
Returns the minimum layout size of the target container.
Select the view at the given position.
Returns an enumeration of all available options. The list of options is ordered by the number of
Add a text node to the current node or create a deferred text node if it doesn t
Wait for the page to be active. If the page is not the internalfileeditor then
Returns the solution with the largest objective value in the population. If there is no solution with
Convert a latitude and longitude to a mercator y - coordinate.
Register a callback handler to be called when a notification is received. If the notification flag is
Parse an nsobject from an inputstream. The inputstream is closed after this method returns
Returns the score of the current variable. The score is the sum of the probability of the
This method initializes the grammaticality estimator with the given set of filenames.
Check zonelinks.
Check that all values in the array are non - NaN.
Processes a connection event and dispatches it to the appropriate listeners.
Returns the percentage of the values contained in the given range.
Close the given closeable without throwing an exception if it fails to close the given closeable
Release a pagecontext. If register is true the pagecontext will be regenerated. If
Adds a new sipdialogeventlistener to the list of event listeners that will be notified when
Returns true if the journal needs to be rebuilt. This method is used to determine if
Convert a string to a byte array.
Load properties from a classpath resource using the given class loader.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object. If the given object is a
parses a namevaluepair from a string.
This method is called when the user clicks on a new item. This method is called when
Return the object at the given location in the given mapping.
Parse the given file with the given velocity context and return the result as a string.
Computes the difference between two strings. The first element is the common prefix of the two strings
Sets up the repository for the given domain. If the domain is null the default domain is
Counts the number of tokens in the string.
Index the given codeindexdocument. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Reset all components that are common to this node and all of its children.
Handle an exception.
Read the object from the given input stream.
Paint the arrow enabled state.
Log a throwable.
Test tobiginteger zero.
This method is called when the accuracy of the accelerometer sensor has been changed.
Returns true if the user is allowed to pass any additional arguments to the command line.
testsetmaxcrlnumberljava_math_biginteger testsetmaxcrl
Evaluate the popup menu if the mouse event is a popuptrigger. If the mouse event is
Removes a task from the list of tasks. If the list is empty the method returns false
dividebigdecimalroundingmodehalf_up is the same as division with rounding mode half
Ensure that a file or directory exists in the local filesystem.
Loads the named class. If the class does not exist it will be created. If the
Get the size of a short measurement.
Returns true if the list child at the given coordinates is underclipped.
A set of rules to be applied to a workspace. This is a set of rules that
Writes a byte array to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created
Adds an item to the end of the list. If the list is full the call will
checkpendingcustommessages is called when there are any pending custom messages that have been delivered to
determines the number of digits in the given string starting at the given position.
Parse the node and add it to the list of screenids and return the node number.
calculates the image height multiplier based on the current puzzle type and the number of pixels
Checks that _num is an integer long double and float. This is done by writing the
Close the cache callback listeners. This method should be called when the cache manager is closed.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of o in the specified fence of the specified elements
Populate the profilescombobox with the given profiles.
Check the header of the file. If the header is invalid throw an exception. If the
Returns the real absolute value of the left side of the box.
Convert an algorithm name to an OID.
Construct a new uniform generator from the given arguments.
Refill the buffer from the current position to the end of the buffer. If the buffer
Called when the user presses or releases the mouse. If the user presses or releases
Add a module to the modulemap and add it to the modulelist.
Checks to see if the database has all the tables in the database. If the database has
Classify the given list of features using the cleartk transformation.
This method is called when a header view holder is bound. It is called when a header
Updates the horizontallineradiobutton and verticallineselected state
Draws a rectangle at the specified coordinates with the specified width and height. The rectangle will be
Refresh the loading viewssize depending on the direction of the loading view.
Replaces the fragment at the given index with the given fragment.
Append the start of the item list.
Returns the initial number of splits to split a record into.
This method is called when a mouse button is clicked. It will garbage collect the number of
Scan the given source directory for files that match any of the given includes and excludes.
Returns true if there is a next postponed route.
Returns true if there is at least one element in the list of selected widgets.
Sets the path component of the URI.
Get an attribute of an element as an integer. If the attribute is not present in the
Read the contents of a Reader into a string. The Reader is closed after this method returns
Add a property getter to the variant. The property getter will be added to each of the
Mark the given entry as used.
Override this method to customize the execution of the command.
Handle the handlestateleft event.
Registers an algorithm implementing the given class. This method will throw an exception if the algorithm is
Load the persistencesettings from a file.
Returns true if this string contains a wordbreaking character. If this string contains no word
Checks the interior intersections of the segments in the list of segments.
Removes the specified element from the list. If the list is empty the method returns false.
Composes two unary operators into a single unary operator.
Add the CDC rowchangedata columnspecs to the given list of columnspecs
Convertto java field name.
Generates a new AES key and returns it as a secretkeys object. The generated key is
Throws an exception if the expression is false. If the expression is true throws an illegalargument
Executes the specified SQL statements.
Rebuilds the journal file.
Refresh the button with the text of the done state. This is called when the button is
Creates a new migrationtaskpage and adds it to the page list.
Expands the buffer to contain the specified number of bytes. If the buffer is full the
Convert an IPv4 address string to an integer.
Closes a cursor and removes it from the cursormap.
Returns true if there is a next token that matches the given pattern. Otherwise returns false.
Pushes an integer onto the stack.
Returns an XML node with the given name attributes and content. If the content is null the
Adds an item to the list at the specified position. If the list already contains the item
Notifies the wait object that the task has failed.
Transform the given source with the given stylesheet using the given fop. If stylesheet is null
Split a string into a list of strings with the default delimiter escaped.
Reads from the underlying reader blocking if necessary. Returns true if the reader is ready to read
Deletes an obligation from the state machine. The obligation is removed from all
Set the bounds of the clip view on the right side of the screen.
Create a new compound package content.
Checks the coverage of the attributes of the subspace cluster definition. This is done by checking
Find all the values in the given string and return them as a set of integer values.
Returns the index of elt in the array or - 1 if elt is not present in the
Append a string value to a property. If the property already exists it will be appended to
Compares this certificate with another certificate.
Adds a BETWEEN clause to the SQL statement.
Encodes a string into a byte array.
Returns the histogram of the values in the given geotimeserie.
Recursively computes the weight of this node and all its children.
Initializes the searcher and the query parser. This method should be called at the beginning of each
Add a field to the query string.
Combines two completion stages using a bifunction. The completion stage will be completed when
Build the createschemastatement.
negposfirstshorter is a biginteger with a positive sign and a negative sign and
The streaminfomanager is an object that can be used to communicate with the twitch
Returns a new sentence assentence. The sentence assentence is a conjunction of the
Returns true if this type is a pronoun.
Append the short type of this field to the given string builder.
Tokenizes a string into a vector of tokens. The tokens are separated by the given separator
Backup the favorites to the backupdataoutput. The favorites are stored in the m
Update the rolling average with the current time since the last call to this method.
Validates this message against all the fields in the payment product that are not in accountonfile
Returns the current keystore state of the system.
Sets the result of the crypto operation. The list of masterkeys and the list of ciphertext
Called when the state of the setpointslider is changed. This method is called when the
Returns an array of strings from the input delimited by the specified delimiter. If the input is
Initializelayout is called at the beginning of the chart. This is called when the
Returns true if the animation is running on the current frame or false if the animation is not
Create a new mosaicdefinition with the given account and mosaicid.
Create a new result with the given node clauses and relnode. The alias will be used
Create a new SSL context and trust all HTTP certificates. This is done by creating a new
Returns true if the component is in needofform i. e. it is an action
Adds the internallisteners to the distribution.
- - - - - - - i a u S a s q r t - -
Runs a series of calls in parallel and returns the time it took to run the calls.
Appends a character to the buffer. If the buffer is full the char will be appended to
Initialize the owner references for the given association. This method is called by the association manager when
Builds a SELECT query for the unioncolumns of this query. The columns in the unioncolumns
Creates a new node at the given coordinate.
Increases the counter by one. If the current time is greater than the current accuracy the
Revert the changes made to the given files in the given virtual file.
Concatenate multiple float arrays into a new array. The returned array will have the same length
Returns an iterator over the values of this tag. The iterator will return the first _num
Sets the treefile to be the parent of the current file. If there is no parent
Returns true if the underlying stream can be read from the underlying stream.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given byte array starting at the given offset.
Called when an item is dismissed.
PDF for normal distribution.
Sorts the given array of objects in ascending order using the given comparer. The objects are
Add a zoom listener to be notified when a zoom event is received.
Clear all registers from the instruction start to instruction end. This is done by scanning the instruction
Fires an annotation that has been selected. This method is called when a new annotation is
Verify that the server evidence message is the same as the server evidence message.
The handletext method is called when the text is received from the user. This method
Remove a service from the registry.
Referenceto an attribute.
Overrides the default writer to write the escaped content to the given output stream. This method is
Checks if the cookie is valid for the given date.
Add a record to the album. The record will be stored in the bitmap. The bitmap
Returns true if the method is correct for the given arguments.
This testcase is the same as above except for the sign of the number. This test
Clears all the properties from this builder. This is a no - op if the builder is
Calculate the R - distance between two vectors.
Check the backupinfo file. If the backupinfofile does not exist it will be created
Returns a copy of the string s with all characters lower - cased and upper - case
testconstructorsignbytesnegative3 - > _str - > _num
Builds the OPUS comment byte array.
Assert that the received pair has the specified properties.
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Converts the given string to uppercase. If the string is null or empty it returns null.
Returns an iterator over the edges required by this node. The edges are returned in the order
Unlocks the given lockstate.
Formats the given text according to the JavaDoc width javadoc words and single - line words.
Forcenumbers string totwodigits.
Adds a drop item to the list of items to be dropped.
Finds all entities that match the given primary keys. The primary keys must be non - null
Load the current ad workflow into the given session.
Returns the hash code of this certificate.
Removes a tag from the list of tags.
Verifies the signature of the data against the public key of the given public key.
Recursively deletes a webappfile and its sub - directories. If the webappfile is a directory
Asserts that two iterators are in the same order. If they are not an AssertionFailedError
Returns a formatted string with the number of finished jobs and the percentage of finished jobs in the
Generates a hostname based on the given vmname and hostid.
Transfer data from a file to this IDL file. The data is read from the file
Unwraps the expression into a string. If the expression starts with _str and ends
Returns true if at least one segment of the given size is present in the segment list.
drawnexteventtimediff - Draw next event timediff.
Creates a new line from the given text and returns the number of lines created.
Returns the square root of the given number.
Returns the points and transitions between the two given resultpoints. The transitions are the number of
Convert a long into a string of the form X << Y where Y is the lowest bit
Encodes the given byte array into a URL - safe form. If the byte array is null
Messagetokenizer. This method is called by the client when the token is
Wait for a competition of the given id. If the competition of the given id
Load translations into the translation cache if they are not empty.
Set up the mode for the navigation of the mouse. This is called when the user press
Adds a new simevent to the sortedset.
Record the elapsed time of the named timer. The timer will be removed from the opent
Returns a string representation of the summary of the table. This is the string representation of the
Creates a temporary directory with the given path. If the directory does not exist it will be
Add a horizontal span to the plot.
Extend to the whole connections of the selected items. This method is called when the selected items
Creates a new instance of the sort key generator.
Returns a list of all possible parents of the given node x in the given list of nodes
Configures the configuration from the given inputstream and the root directory.
Open a new connection to the database and execute the given statement if the given url starts with
Add project relations to a task.
Do the floodlight dscp. This is called when a new packet is received.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Verify that the writeset is not found in the given btree.
Calculates the entropy of the given masses using the log2 of the logarithm of the
Returns true if the given string is a valid NMToken false otherwise.
Parse a double value out of a string.
Puts a string into the buffer.
Adds an rtcpeventlistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an
Ensure that the number of columns is the same as the number of columns in the data.
This method is called when an error occurs while parsing an XML document. This method is called
Connects to the specified port on the specified file descriptor. The port number is used as the
Returns true if the specified nodehandle is a whitespace node. If the nodehandle is a
Add a debugger provider to the panel. The debugger provider must not be null.
Open the file. If the access parameter is equal to _str then the file is opened
Deregisters a spring.
Returns the file name of the file in the Java source file system.
Parse a bnode from a string.
Reset all pilot rolls to their initial state.
Sorts the given byte array in ascending order using the dual pivot quicksort algorithm.
Close the sub - popup and remove it from the parent.
Frees an object from the cache.
Stretch the view vertically.
Returns an inetaddress object for the given 6 - byte hex - encoded address.
Updates the retry time and the backoff multiplier. This method is called when a failure occurs.
Reads a double from the input stream.
Returns true if the progress bar is at the maximum value.
Returns true if the given string starts with the escape sequence at the current position in the queue
Parse a tileset from a URL and add it to the map of maptilesets
Computes the date based on the given value.
Enable the pan feature on the specified adapter. The device must be connected to the specified adapter
Returns the distance between two points. If ballowdiags is true the distance between two
Sets up the URL with the given parameters. If a streamhandler is provided it will be
Creates a new volume method from the given arguments.
Sends a filecommandinfo to the specified file descriptor with the specified command result and parameters.
Initializes all the widgets in this widgetbase with the guimanualherblore
Set the ssl socket factory to trust all the hosts on the given connection.
Returns the maximum number of samples that have been sampled.
Get the user code form.
Test the construction of a MissionName object.
Compares two zoneoffsettransition objects for equality. The object must be of the same type.
Release the resource. This method is called when the resource pool is no longer needed.
Closes the output writer. This is called when the output writer is no longer needed.
Resolves the given paths into a map of class paths and files.
Test method for getting an instance of an object. This test fails if the object is not
Reloads the configuration. This method is called when the configuration has been changed.
Remove a messageprocessor from the list of registered messageprocessors.
Set the issuer and serial number of the given X509 certificate as the serial number of the
Add a set of graphed gematcher descriptors to the bundle.
Puts a byte array into the buffer at the current position and increases the position by the
Returns a string representation of an array of objects delimited by the given delimiter. If the array
Clear all entries from the map and close all opened encodedimages.
Creates a compierecolor object from the given attributes string.
Creates a new luastate object and adds it to the list of states.
Checks the capacity of the given memory to make sure that it is at least _num bytes
Reads a single byte from the input stream.
Limits the clipping rectangle to the specified coordinates.
Shuts down the executor. This method should be called when the executor is shut down.
Convert a collection of addresses and hostnames into a collection of inetaddress objects.
Removes all line breaks from the end of a string. If the input string is longer than
Calculates the total number of events in the database. This method is called periodically to calculate the
Append the given character to the given string builder.
Migrates the columns of the given sqltable to the entity type of the currenttable.
Returns the number of rows in the result set in the specified table.
Read the contents of a jar file into a manifest and store it in the jarentries
Adds an attribute to the table. If the table already has an attribute with the same name
Returns a new b with the given key and value converted to a string.
Sort an array of elements in descending order using a comparator for the elements in descending order.
Returns true if this is a sipservertransaction or false if this is not a sipserver
Add a marked occurrence highlight to the editor.
Reads len bytes from the inputstream into the given buffer starting at the given offset.
Checks if the given booleansupplier is true. If it is false the given messagesup
This method is used to add one or more items to a shopping cart in bulk.
Adds an itemset to the frequentset.
Skip length bytes from the peek buffer. Return the number of bytes skipped or - 1 if
Create the removevolumesfromcgmethod method.
Show a prompt for a list of URLs and ask the user to select one of them.
Convert a mouse event to the corresponding cell in the grid.
Computes the regular expression to replace oldname with newname in originalstring.
Generate a unique call identifier for the given address.
Parses an hour from the given source starting at the given offset in the given pattern character.
This method is called when a key is pressed on the history box. This method is called
Substitutes the given substitution with the given array of types and returns the resulting array.
Returns a set of all known transports.
Request the number of seconds until the idle lockout operation is completed.
Get a list of the names of all the hived databases in the system.
testnegnegfirstshorter - test negnegfirstshorter - test negnegfirst
Hackyadjuster. This is a hack because it s not a good idea to
Parse an object from a base64 encoded string.
Copies all the properties from the document to the new document and adds them to the new document
Computes the SVD of a boolean matrix.
Unlocks this distributed member for a clear operation. If the lock is the same as the
Unicast a reference to this object. This method is called when the object is unicast
Returns the last index of the specified object in the specified array starting at the specified index.
Writes a buffer of bytes to the file.
Returns the dmod of lhs by rhs. If rhs is not _num returns NaN.
This test tests that the biginteger is greater than or equal to _num. This test
Wait for a task to complete. If the task is already in the idle state wait for
Move the mouse to the current position.
Puts a number of float values from the given float array into this buffer.
Returns true if the specified IP address is contained within the specified CIDR prefix and mask bits.
Lock the object with the given name in the given service. If the object is already locked
Check if the cookie is in the known cookie map and if so update the postauthn
Select the files to be imported. This method is called when the user selects a file.
Add a metagenerated item to the list of metagenerated items.
Read all data from the inputstream and close the inputstream after the data has been read
Parses the given SQL statement and returns a parsedsql object.
Puts a 64 - bit long into the memory at the given offset.
This method is called when a single action result is received. It removes the request from the
Generates a bcrypt salt with the specified number of rounds and a secure random number generator.
Checks if the given key is in the hash table. If it is it will throw a
Returns a stringbuffer with the number in the format specified by strnumbertoconvert.
Run the initscript if required.
Parse an integer from the given string starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Print an object to the standard output stream.
Checks that all values in the array are finite numbers.
Initialize the keyboard buttons. This method is called when the user clicks on a pin button.
Returns true if the string is autonew in the given context. If the string is
Finds the relative path of the given filepath relative to the given directory.
Resets the state of this class to its initial state. This method should only be called once
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Generates a random string of the specified number of characters.
The exchangeratemanager method is called when the system property _str is not null
Remove an attribute from the list of attributes. If the name is null then all attributes are
Evicts the given key from the cache.
Returns true if the given exception is a unique constraint error.
Thrown when a configuration error occurs. This method is called when a configuration error occurs.
Adds the filler components to the given container.
Insert the used context prefixes into the character buffer. This method is called when there are no
Add a duration to the puttimenanos counter and call the delegate.
Pre - computes the hash functions for the given data and tweak. The list will be sorted
Returns the elevation at the given latitude and longitude. If the frame is invalid - 1 is
Create an observed object from an objectname.
Deletes all the children of the given element.
Recursively save the initial child state of the given component. This method is called recursively from the
Returns true if there is an overlap between the start contacts and the end contacts.
Ensures that the given value is not null and throws an exception if it is.
Read a list of strings from an XML inputstream.
Pads the given string to the right with the given minimum length.
Returns an enumeration of all the measures in this measurement.
Called when the send task has completed.
Add the preferences button to the button panel.
Clear unused pages from the cache. If the cache is full the pages are removed from the
Creates all the fields in the given windowno and ad_tab_id.
Draw a short interleaved raster using the specified sample model and databuffer. The origin is
Copy a carbondata file from the carbondatadirectorypath to the local file system
Fling the object backward. The object will be scrollable in the direction specified by is
Convert a string to a double.
Add a listener to the filter panel. This listener will be notified when the filter panel changes
Returns true if this feature set is stable or false if the feature set is not stable.
Calculate the size of the text in pixels.
Override this method to initialize the values and verify the validity of the values. This method is
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Writes an image to the output stream. The image is assumed to be in the image space
Called when the state of the slider changes. This method is called when the slider changes.
Writes content to a file. The content will be written to the destination file. The destination
Returns true if the given URL points to a file or a file - system URL.
Update the current status for the given relay state. If the current status is the previous status
Converts an OID string into an array of integers.
Returns a set of all the servers that belong to the given site.
Creates a new dialog with the given parent.
Returns true if the given styledlayerdescriptor contains any inline features.
Decodes a byte array from the given inputstream. The inputstream is closed after this method
Runs the finalization of the application.
display all string defined in string. xml
Check the length of the request. If the length of the request is not greater than the
Adds a foreign key constraint to the table.
Called when the component is created. This method is called when the component is first created.
Pushes a notification to the specified topic. The listener will be called when the notification is
Appends a key - value pair to the given JSON string builder.
Update the mappings from the system resources.
Deselect the item at the given index.
Returns true if the given node is a leaf node.
Add a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a matching drones
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Parse a vector from a string. The string s must be a space - separated list of
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance to the specified output.
Initialize the sessionwrapper with the given session. This method is called when the session is started
Sends a batch request to the batch server without closing a transaction. This method is intended to
Returns the path to the directory where the program is located.
Clear the list of routes that are associated with this controller. This method is called when the
Parse a keystore type from a string. If the string is not a valid keystore type an
Add a new level to the stack and return the previous level.
Converts a character to a digit. If the digit cannot be converted to a digit an exception
Convert the Diasporapod to a JSON object.
Load a keystore from a file. The password is used to encrypt the keystore. The keystore
Remove a propertychangelistener.
Returns whether or not Precaching is enabled for the given context.
And the given set with this set and the given set. If the set is larger than
Returns true if this entry is equal to the given object.
Returns true if this is a valid lockdown profile false otherwise.
Returns true if the given filename has one of the given extensions. If no extensions are given
Adds two streams for the FROM clause. The two streams must be of the same type.
Decode an ANSI - 12 segment from the given bitsource into the given result string builder.
Creates a new kdbdatabase from the given inputstream and kdbheader.
Decodes the addition part of a diff.
Sorts the elements of this vector in ascending order. The elements will be sorted in ascending order
Rebuilds the panel by removing all images and re - rendering the media files.
This method is called when a buffer of bytes has been read from the input stream. It
Convert a file object to a string.
This method is called when the user clicks on the next page in the list of pages.
Returns a null inputstream if the current time is greater than the number of milliseconds.
Returns a list of all the types in this set. The order of the returned list is
Delete all the rules in rulestodelete from the rules table.
Returns true if the given element is already visited.
Creates a new connection to the AWS IOT server using the specified AWS IOT client.
Creates a new completable future that completes with the given throwable if the future is completed successfully
Initializes the forecast errors based on the model and the data sequence.
Check if the mouse modifiers are the same. This is done by checking the modifiers of the
Emits the contents of the retained variables.
Creates a new URI from the current state of the URI instance.
Given a hypergraph and a number of top - n nodes extract the top - n nodes
Returns the next character in the stream or - 1 if the end of the stream is reached
Return true if the given snapshot is supported by the given database client.
Returns a list of all the service descriptors in the system.
Strips all code - value entences from the given string.
divideoundhalfevenneg2 - > round_half_even - > round
Returns the value of the logarithm of the quantile between the two values. If p is
Validates the signature of the signed data against the certificate. The certificate and the signed data must
Returns the number of elements in the sequence.
test add servletrunasrole.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sets the field to be used in the multitermquery.
Prints the specified message at the current line. This method is intended to be used for debugging
Accumulates a taggedlogapientity into this aggregate.
Test if the image is invalid XML. This is useful if you want to test if you
Returns a string representation of the number. If expand is true the string will expand the number
Returns true if member is an accessor pair of member2 or member2 is an accessor pair
Creates a new dateformat object with the specified dateformat and the timezone set to UTC.
Writes a KML document to the specified file using the specified KML type.
Returns the path to the file in which the file should be written.
Refresh the users or groups list from the server.
Initialize the bootpanel. This method is called when the application is booted. This method
Returns a list of default headers for the request.
Removes all the parameters of the current element. This is useful when you don t want to
Sends the given request to the client and returns a requesthandle.
Adds a new client to the list of available clients and broadcasts it to all subscribers.
Parse the RDF from the given inputstream and store the result in the given baseuri.
Parse a date from a string using a collection of date formats. If no dateformats are
Removes the property with the given name from this object. If the property does not exist it
Finds all loops in the given code that are reachable from the given idom.
Generate the hivetest files.
Rename an editor panel.
Returns true if the given column fits in a single line.
This method is called before the exception is thrown. It is called before the exception is thrown
Convert spherical to world coordinates.
Replaces all occurrences of the target string with the replacement string. If the target string does not
Encodes the given string as a URL - encoded string. This method is intended to be used
Draw a rendered image using the given affinetransform. The affinetrans
Skips the end of the line if the current character is the end of the line.
Returns a subset of the independencetest variables in the given list of variables.
This method is called when a new file is opened. The file is read from the input
Formats the given number of milliseconds into a human - readable string.
Add a propertychangelistener that will be called when a property changes upport changes.
Creates a new folder in the given directory. If a folder with the same name already exists
Adds a typed array to the resourcespoet.
Add a subaction to the list of subactions. If the type of the subaction
Add all of the entries in this row to the given set of entries. The entries are
Returns true if the left collection contains at least one element in the right collection.
Asserts that a duration is in the range of the number of milliseconds provided. If the duration
Log a diff between two entries in the database. If the database is null or empty the
Adds a lyrics3 image to the lyrics body image.
Create a resource with the given mimetype and the current time in milliseconds.
Parse the parameters and store them in the hashtable.
Returns the Meltolin frequency given the input frequency. The input frequency is assumed to
Sets the size and background of the icon rounded to the specified size and background color.
Generate a random byte array of the given size.
Returns a string representation of the Bloom filter.
Copy data from a buffer to the underlying message buffer.
Returns true if the token has expired within the default expiration timeout or false if it has expired
Put a boolean value into the JSON object.
Writes an attribute to an xmlstreamwriter with the given namespace prefix and attribute name and value
Handles the selection change of an item. This method is called when an item is selected or
Returns true if this method can be invoked on the given assetwk and accum_dep.
Writes the cache header to the specified outputstream.
Get the contents of the request as a byte array. This method is thread - safe.
Fade out all layers. This is called when all layers have been faded out.
Pack the modified first fit descending into a list of lists of integers. The order of the
Adds a filterquerychangelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when text
Returns an iterator over the profiles in this collection.
Returns true if the string starts with a space character.
Wraps the given path with the uriprefix and adds the uriprefix to
Returns the level of the key in the key string.
This method is called when the mouse is moved. It resizes the graph and generates the
Initialize the cachinghttpheadersfilter.
Adds a component to the list of common components. This method is called when a component is
Wait for a match to be available and return it. If timed is true the match will
Loads the data from a generalsubtrees into this table. The data is sorted by
Returns the next character in the buffer or - 1 if there are no more characters to read
Returns true if the healthcheck is disabled.
Writes the contents of a string to a file.
Make an arraylist of intwritables from a flat list of pairs. Each pair is
Returns the angle between two points.
Sets the current cursor to the beginning of a new array of column names. The current cursor
Returns true if the slider is enabled. If the slider is not enabled this method returns false
Render the foreground of the drag.
Creates a modbusserialtransaction for this transport.
Starts the thread that will be run in the background. If the thread is already running this
Exports an object to the stub. The object must be a subclass of java. lang.
Creates the dbffdcdirectory if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t exist
Reads a charactersized string from the given inputstream.
Process the children of the current querytree.
Initialize the messages list. This is the first message in the messages list. The first message
Creates a new database in the specified queueenvpath and adds it to the specified queue.
Writes the given objects to the given string builder.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given eventset descriptor.
Creates a new post opengraphaction request to the Facebook API.
Show the loading state.
Readexternal reads the data from an input stream. The data is read from the
Computes the median absolute error of an array of numbers.
This method is called when an exception is thrown from the SDP server. This method is
Links the given node as the first element of the list. If the list is full the
Notifies all registered propertychangelistener s that a change has occurred.
Returns true if the given itemplate holder is indicated a dirtyread.
Set the values of the slider. The values are in the range specified by min and max
Apply the attributes of a tactical graphic to a tacticalsymbolattributes object.
Increases the number of idle threads for a given status and updates the last time it was
Set the base url and request factory for the remoteservice descriptor. The protocol of the
Reads the journal from the given parcelfiledescriptor. If the max_journal_size
Start the server. If the server is already running this method will block until the server is
Returns true if the result is complete. If the result is not complete returns false.
Encodes the given contents using the specified width and height and returns the result as a byte array
Puts an array of ints into the current int buffer.
Adds a header to the request. If the header already exists it will be overwritten.
Update the UI of this widget. This method is called when the widget is updated.
Generate the extension manager.
Submits a task to the pool. If the pool is full the task will be executed
Checks that the given bucket name is valid. Throws an exception if the name is invalid.
Validates a usernamespaceauthorizationcreaterequest object.
Format the given object as a string. This method is used to format the object as a
Calculates the differences between the two data sets and calculates the correlation coefficient and the differences probability.
Returns true if the given block consistency group is a candeleteconsistency group.
Close the given closeable ignoring any exceptions that may occur.
Receives a message from the queue. If the queue is empty this method returns null.
Removes a range of elements from the array.
Refills the buffer from the reader. If the buffer is full reads from the reader
Stop the BK cluster and clean up any temporary directories.
Adds the given criteria to the list of criteria to be performed in the conjunction of the current
Release all elections for the given set of entities.
Reads the hublinkmapping file and stores it in the linkhubmapping table.
Delete a load from the list of load names.
Returns the compute state object for the given awsid and vmname. Returns null if the
Convert an intarraytag to a string.
Removes the argument at the given index from the given list and returns the index of the argument
Replace a policy in the resource tree with a new one. The oldpolicy is removed from
Create an atomic double array with the specified number of elements initialized to zero.
Perform a copy of the source file to the destination file. The destination file must already exist
Recomputes the cross - section of the covariance matrix.
Creates a square image if the input is square otherwise it returns the original image.
The handlelostentry method is called by the httproute client when a new
Write the start of an element. The start tag must be at the beginning of an element
Adds a process interaction listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an interaction is
Replaces the first occurence of searchstr with replacestr.
Put a byte into the buffer at the specified index.
Configures the commontoutoperation.
Generates a bcrypt salt with the given number of rounds and the given random number generator.
Draws the description to the given canvas.
Parse the number of bytes from the given freespace and return it as a long.
Find an interlanguagelink in the page of the given language.
Update the actions that need to be performed when the given addressspace is loaded or not.
Construct a parallel flux from a publisher.
Deletes all files in the given directory and all subdirectories.
Add a new gumball to the game.
Puts a new segment into the recyclebin.
test delete 6.
Creates a new channel and adds it to the list of channels.
Changes the size of this point to p_new_size.
Inserts a new row into the buffer at the given offset. If the buffer is already at
Add a default URI to the list of URIs to use when deploying a project.
Transfers a range of numbers from the beginning to the end of the sequence.
Returns the distance between the line segment p and the perpendicular line segment b.
Returns a copy of this biginteger.
Run the test. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Get the patchfixids property.
Reads the next block of data into a byte array. This method will block until all data
Returns true if the current SDK version is jelly - bean or later.
Computes the partial correlation probability for a given number of samples and a given number of samples.
Returns true if the command is enabled or false if the command is not enabled.
Validates the message. If the message is invalid the message is stored in the invalidmessage property
Adds an action listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a response is received
Calculates the log likelihood of the data.
Returns true if the automaton has dead states from the initial state.
Subtracts the given decimal from this decimal and returns the result as a new decimal object.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object.
Reads a single character from the input.
List the volumes on the docker host.
Convert a base64 encoded string to a bytebuffer.
Performs one step of the progress bar. If the progress bar is at the end of the
Load the raw characters from the input stream into the given string builder.
Create a signaturefakingacle object from a signaturefakingoracle XML document
Creates an arbitrary length path node with the given left and right termnodes.
Adds an onwheelchangedlistener to the list of listeners to be notified when the wheel changes
scanyamldirectivenumber is a scanyamldirectivenumber.
Convert an array of bits to a bit string.
Converttosigned 16 - bit samples from the given buffer.
Check if the given token is valid for the given nodeid ip port and lookupkey.
Writes an attribute to an xmlstreamwriter.
Expands all nodes in the tree.
Describe the vocabularies of the predicate partition counts. The predicate partition counts are used to
invokes a task on a fork joinpool with the given number of threads.
Signal group subtable action. Not intended to be called directly. Use signalgroupaction instead
Generate a list of generatex values from the given index to the given index.
This test tests for the comparison of two bigints with sign - 1 and - 1.
Add an attribute to the given service register.
Set the default charset for the query string decoder for the given URI. The default charset is
Converts an RGB color to a CMYK color. The color is assumed to be in
Prints an error message with the current error number and the given message. The message will be
parses a namevaluepair from a string.
Returns a copy of the string s with all of the characters in bag removed.
Returns the cosine of the given radians.
Destroys the view. This method is called when the view is destroyed. It is called
Remove a vetoablechangelistener.
Returns true if the given file exists and the size of the file matches the given filesize.
Create a windowsfileattributes object from the data in the file at the given address.
Write a map to an XML stream.
Fires an event programmatically. This method is called when the event has been consumed
Returns true if the field has a full entry. If the field has a full entry it
Returns true if the given resource is a module.
Writes an annotation to the stream.
Returns the hash code of an IPv4 address. If the address is not a valid IPv
Returns true if the revision with the given revision id contains the given template name.
Method to retrieve all account inforequests from the AppsForyour API.
Returns a new stringlist containing the elements of this list plus the elements of the given strings
Walks the parset tree calling the listeners for each parsetreewalker.
Reads a single character from the input stream.
Returns a negative integer indicating whether the first date is less than or equal to the second date
Creates a list of decompoundedwords from the input string.
Checks if the given URL is a booksearch URL.
Returns the full path to the class file for the given classname. If the classname contains a
Remove a prefix from the list of prefixes to be used for the title of the chart.
Sends this message to one or more distributed members. If multicast is true the message will be
Returns true if the given service is relevant to the given attributes.
Returns true if o1 == o2 false if o1 is null or o2 is
Find the carrier by road number.
Returns a canonicalized version of the given classname. If the classname is already canonicalized it
Returns the average precision of the values in y that are less than or equal to r.
Creates a new location with the given name. If a location with the given name already exists
Closes the resource. If the resource is no longer available the resource will be closed immediately.
Remove an omadownload from the shared prefs.
isandroidsdkdirinlocalpropertiesfile - check if android home is in local properties
Returns the hastoken information from the given bundle or false if the bundle is null.
Reset the policy to the default values.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given eventname.
Returns the element of o that is the power of o to the power of o.
Invoke the given method on the given class with the given parameter types and return the result.
Returns the prototype of the Lua function at the given chunkname or null if the stream
Adds a button to the button list.
Adds a mapping between a request matcher and a response source.
Commit the input to the jmxbeansensorassignment. This method is called when the
Splits the given string into an array of strings using the given separator.
inserttwin adds a new instruction window to the gcirmap. If the instruction
Creates a new instance of this class.
The FormatSpecifierParser class provides a way to parse a string into a format specifier.
Convert an iterator to a string builder.
Returns true if the queue is full or false if the queue is full.
Schedule a playlist save if it is not already in progress.
Returns true if all of the variables in the stack are stored as ad - hoc.
This method is called when an action is performed. It is called when an action is performed
Returns a string representation of the vector.
Returns the given integer as an integer.
Log a message at the verbose level. If the log level is greater than level_verbose
Saves all the indexes in this container to disk. The indexes are saved in the indexnames
Calculate the bitap score for a match.
Move the cursor to a new position.
Puts all of the elements in the given map into this map. The size of the map
Inserts the specified string at the specified location in the text at the specified location in the text
Returns a string representation of the value of this buffer.
Writes the data to the socket and returns true if all data has been written or false if
Copy the contents of the input stream to the output stream and close the output stream.
checkbookiesup - check if the number of children is up to the specified number of
Inverses the transformation of the source point to the destination point. The destination point is
Checks if the given closure should fail. If the closure throws an exception it will be wrapped
Write a packet to the specified destination. The destination must have the same length as the packet
Process an attribute string of type T_BOOL into a boolean value.
Load the data from the database into a list of key - value pairs.
Search for the order with the given criteriamap and return a list of workorders that
Sets the week of the year.
Add a resource to the queue. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Encode and sign this X500ASN. 1 X500ASN. 1 X500ASN.
Schedule a timertask to run at a fixed period. If the timer is already running
Abbreviates the given string by abbreviating all whitespace characters up to the given width
Stop the wraparound test if testrunning and wraptest
Checks that the given row index is valid. Throws an exception if the row index is invalid
Sets up the symbol lists to hold all of the symbols that have not been collided.
Determines the strength of the enemy blitz.
Joins the given identifier with this name and returns a new name object. The identifier must be
Try to parse a date string into a localdatetime object. If the try again is true
Returns a string representation of this exception.
Returns true if the given character is a whitespace character.
Removes a filter from the list of filters.
Remove the classifiers at the given indices. If no indices are given all classifiers are
Add a propertychangelistener to the PCSupport.
Returns the number of checkpoints currently in the ringbuffer.
Adds an object to the interval. If the interval is full the object will be selected.
Add a list of URLs to listen on.
Adds one or more virtual array URIs to the set of assigned virtual arrays.
Returns true if the specified column of the specified row is celled. If the column is
Drop in the trash of the currently selected block.
Concatenates the given values into a list of values.
Creates a new DAG iterator for the given pattern. The pattern is assumed to be a
Validate a customcatalog.
This method is called when the Gemfire function is executed. It is called by the
Returns true if the request is a SSDP discovery request. If the request is a SS
Adds a child to the child list at the specified index. If index is greater than the
Restores the sortingselection. This is called when the user changes the selection.
Returns a byte array containing the contents of this buffer. If the buffer is full this method
Cleans up the mute screen.
Consume the specified number of events until the condition is true or the timeout is reached.
Updates the uifrom command.
Compares this number to zero and returns true if it is less than or equal to zero.
Returns a random integer in the range [ mean sd ).
Computes the percent of overscrolloffset.
Sets the capacity of the vector to the given capacity. The capacity is set to the maximum
Process an invite request. This method is called by the client when a user invites a
Gets the logger for the given object.
Read the number of seconds to wait for a message to be received. If the number is
Write the given number of indentation characters up to the current number of indentation characters.
Returns the hash code of the object.
Parses a string into an integer.
Returns true if this node is an invalid node.
Pushes a float onto the stack.
This method is called when the user mouses out of view. This method is called
Remove a batch clusterer listener.
Creates a new heldlocksgrant with the same information as this one but with the given
Remove an object from the list of known objects.
Wrap the given byte array into a heapbytesstore.
Parse a jsonvalue as a string. If the value is not a string return null.
testvalueoflongnegative2. This test fails if _num is negative and _str
Inserts the specified element before the specified element at the specified position in the list.
Grows the entries in the next array to the size of the next array. This is
Computes the sided plane between two vectors. The sided plane is the point on the
Returns true if the inputstream is a gzip compressed stream.
Insert a new operation at a given position and add it to the end of the list.
Clear the state of this object. This method is called when the object is no longer valid
Register a decayable object.
Asserts that the string x does not contain the string expectedstring. If it does it will
Remove a class from the cache. If the class does not exist it will be created.
Test failed stage. This is done by creating a completion stage with the given number of times
Override paintcomponent to set the color spectrum background and cursor to the colorspectrum background.
This method is called when the class loader is destroyed. It calls the destroy method on the
delete the attachmentpoint with the given sw and port number.
Returns the total number of files that have been reused.
Process the given md5 model and return an animgameitem object.
Deletes a user from a given experiment and application. The user will be deleted from all buckets
Format the given object into a string. If the object is a date it will be parsed
Compare and set the waitstatus of the given node with the given expected status and update.
Create a new threaddump instance.
Check if we need to start the output if it is not already running and the buffer is
Returns true if the input string matches any of the filter strings. If the input string does
Removes the first element from the list and returns it. If the list is full this method
Initializes the document builder factory.
Intercepts the standard error. This is the sum of the standard deviation of the standard deviation
Create the missing values in the database.
Normalise the given path by replacing the _str character with the real path character.
Start the launch notifier thread.
Expands the hiddendirmacro macro in the given filename to include the hidden
Try to queue the current buffer. If the current buffer is empty return false. Otherwise return
Update the value of the radio button. This is called when the user changes the value of
Returns true if there is a next value in the stream. If there is no next value
Appends the parametersignature to the given string builder.
Completes the heartbeat with the given sequence number and event id.
Decrypts the input with the given key and returns the cipher parameters. The key must be
Loads the private key from the file. If the file does not exist it is created.
Remove a listener that will no longer be notified of changes to the categories of the snapshot.
Returns true if this certificate has an unsupported critical extension.
Returns true if the string is not in the array.
Create a shallow copy of the given node with the given operation. If deep is true then
Destroys the current context and releases any resources associated with it. This method should be called
This method is called when Zookeeper is initialized. It schedules the invalid login cleanup thread.
Make a list of urls for the given shard. The list will be sorted according to the
Returns an inputstreamreader that reads the content of this request in the specified charset.
Converts a rendered image to a zlib byte array.
Add a vertex to the graph.
Configure the local services on the client side. This method is called by the client side to
Returns the index of the first character in the given character sequence starting from the given index.
Append a string to the buffer.
Pushes a function onto the stack. The function will be executed in the context of the
Returns a string representation of this number with the specified depth. If the number is greater than
Sets the columnname jdbctype and defaultvalue for this column descriptor.
Removes years from the list that do not match the pattern specified in the _str parameter.
Sets the reason of the data providerevent. The reason may be null or empty
Validates a bean and returns a list of errors. If the bean is null returns an empty
Insert the text after the opening bracket if it is not already at the end of the line
Attempt to choose a formatting pattern based on the number of leading digits in the national number.
Fill the picks for the table. This is done by creating the m_warehouse
Create a copy of a fieldconfigfontpreview object.
testconstructorsignbyteszeronull3 - > testconstructorsignbyteszeron
Convert the node to the specified type. If the node is not of the specified type null
Delete a file on JVM exit. If the file is a directory it will be deleted.
Initialize the sort key.
Prints an annotation from the editor.
Adds an ipoint to the end of the line.
Loads a configuration from the given reader. The reader is closed after this method returns.
Adds an offsetted item to the end of the list.
Adds an annotation to an XML element. If the value is null the annotation is deleted.
Reads a boolean from the stream.
Returns an enumeration of all the measures in this measurement.
Returns the logarithm of the logarithm of the gamma function of the given alpha value.
Start the animation. This method is called when the animation is about to start the animation.
Returns the value of the cipher suite with the given id.
Create a new pendingactioncontext with the given action and source object and situation.
This method is called by the editor when a class is about to be marked as droid
Add the FQN of the new expression to the set of FQNs of the new expression
Pick up the pickuptothree of the given sizes. The pickuptothree is
Verifies the given log record against the current MAC address and returns true if the verification was successful
Copy the contents of the given transferable object to the clipboard.
Formats the download size and file size as a percentage.
Updates the actions based on the current state of the editor.
Make an immutable copy of the given collection. The original collection is not modified.
Track the base and orthographic images for a given hex image.
parsetext - Parses a date string into a date object.
Returns true if the node is processed in the given direction. If the node is processed in
Perform a power on selftest on all waveformsynthesizers.
Fetch the triangletovisit of the given edge. If includeframe
Generate a list of CRLs from the given input stream.
Delete the entity configuration for the specified realm and Federation ID. If the ID is
Returns a shared instance of datasourceviewsmanager. This method is thread - safe.
Creates a toast tag with the specified attributes. If the toast has a color attribute it will
Load the XML definition of the current state of the cache.
Extract the id from the request pathinfo.
Uncompresses the data in the input stream. The input stream will be re - opened
Poll for a new socket statistic. This is a blocking call that will block until the socket
Closes the underlying stream.
Compares this buffer to another buffer. Returns - 1 if this buffer is less than equal to
Writes the urbansimzone. csv file to the specified output directory.
Add a new value to the aggregation. If the new value is a byte array it will
extracts the policynotification object from the notification data in the policy service.
Flushes the journal to disk. The journal will not be flushed until this method returns.
Find a parcel object from a byte array.
Decodes a field name from an XML string. The field name is converted to upper case.
Returns true if the username and password are not null and the OAuth token are not null.
Adds a contentitem to the list of contentitems.
Canonicalizes a class name to be used as a class name. This method is used to
Pauses the current thread for the specified number of milliseconds.
Returns true if the edge should be highlighted within the visible edge otherwise returns false.
Prepare the job for cancelling.
Remove a previously registered onwheelchangedlistener.
Generate the fields from the elements.
Returns true if the dialog is currently in the flythrough window false otherwise.
Initializes the channel factory and the datagram channel factory. This method must be called before any
Remove all occurrences of the given regular expression from the given source string.
This method is called when the scroll is consumenested. This method is called when the
retrieves the waypoints that match the given searchquery and adds them to the given list
Release any resources held by this NoxItem. This is called when the NoxItem
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Adds a new count value to the list.
Called when the Dialog is closed. This method is called when the Dialog is closed.
Upload a file to a channel using a mediaconfig object.
Adds a parameter to this function.
delete an event from a JSON object.
isfullcopyrestorable returns true if the volume is full copy restorable and false otherwise
Read a sequence of q - descriptor strings from the input string at the given position.
Returns true if the given bytebuffer is a toolarge buffer.
Reset the time of the index buffer to the current time.
Creates the adminresponse object for the given distributionmanager. This method is called by subclasses to
Check external storage and notify the user of a failure. If the external storage is not mounted
Returns the plural or singular form of the given noun for the given quantity.
Verify the signature of the given XML element using the default id attribute and the certificate alias.
Adds a video object to the list of videos to be processed.
Returns true if the given point is within the target radius of the horizontal zone.
Reads the transport systems from the given reader.
Returns true if the next byte is a prefix of the input byte array. Otherwise returns false
Unshare the main hash.
Adds an item in a multifield to the current configuration.
Returns the number of names in the table.
Generates n random points with the given number of points scaled by the given scale.
Parse the parameters from the given string.
Adds a new session token to the specified site. If the site already has a session token
Deserializes a distribution string into a gradledistribution object.
The number of pixels in the meter stop window. The number of pixels is the number of
Sends data to the dataoutputstream. This method is called when the socket is ready to
Push a new context onto the stack.
Override bookmarksorhistorypicker to show a comboview in the browserbookmarkspage.
Load a file from a file - like object. If verbose is true the file will be
Normalize the z - score of the given array by subtracting the mean and standard deviation.
Add a location to the list of locations to show in the GUI. If the location is
Sets the formatting options for the Java formatter. The formatting options are the same as the standard
Encodes the given string using the given character set and returns the result as a new string.
Check if path need to be preloaded. This is done by checking if there are enough
Returns true if the given columnname is allowed to be added to the input column list.
Converts a hex color string into an RGB value.
Add a propertychangelistener to the BCSupport.
Checks that _str is empty or null blob.
Rebuilds the journal file.
This testcase is used to test the sign of a biginteger. This testcase is
Restores the state of the object from the given file. The file must be in the
Wait for the initial image to be available. This method will block until the initial image is
Calculates the window function using the Blackmanharris 4smin algorithm.
Calculates the checksum of the given key using the SHA - 1 algorithm.
Returns the hash code of this nickname.
Increments the number of received packets. If the number of received packets exceeds the number of
Parses the given text and returns a Sentence object. The text is assumed to be a sentence
Set the directory where the data will be stored.
This method is called when the consumer has finished consuming the purchase. It is called when the
Checks if the currentrulepart has a prosodicposition of the given
Parse a bigdecimal from a textual representation of an entity. The entity is assumed to be
Registers an input stream with the given name and class loader. The class loader will be used
Perform permission work before androidm.
Delete a set of groupcontainers from the server.
Creates a new task for the task queue. The task will be run in the background.
Initialize the compiler with the given command line arguments. This method should only be called from the
Returns true if the current device is a native device and false if it is not.
Send the next byte in the buffer and return the number of bytes sent to the client.
Encode a serializable object into a base64 encoded string.
Create a new image method for the given dispatch context. The method will return a new image
Adds one or more IProfile objects to the MaccountheaderBuilder.
Returns true if the given string is a valid java identifier name.
Returns true if x1 < x2 or x1 + x2 + min_value
Moves the source node to the new point relative to the clickpoint.
Converts three objects into a list. The first object is converted to the first object the second
Adds a macrorecord to the list of macrorecords. If the macrorecord is null then
Adds an addemail address to the email.
Returns the best hashprovider for the given hashparameters. The best hashprovider is the one
Read a number of bytes from the internal buffer and return them as a byte array.
Returns true if x is the sum of the elements of ar.
Loads the entries from the specified file.
Remove the item at the specified position in the list.
Adds the encodetypes to the given map.
Clear the assertion information. This method is called when the assertion was successful or failed.
Add the result to the operationlistresult.
Generate a branch plan for the given table using the given AkibanInformationsSchema
Add the given nodeporttuple to the maintenancequeue if it is not already there.
Returns the startstack of this field as an unsigned long.
Returns true if this mimetype matches the given one.
Returns true if this node is armed by the other node.
Sets the number of valid and invalid characters to the given range. The number of valid characters
Returns true if JavaScript is enabled in the session or false if it is disabled in the session
Returns true if this is equal to the specified object. If the object is an ecfield
Returns the name of the resource.
Calculate the MD5 checksum of the given string.
Checks if the given file is a valid skinspec file. If the file is not
Inserts the specified object at the specified position in the string builder. If the object is null
Called when the mouse is moved to the tooltip. If the tooltip is enabled the tooltip will
Load the unpacked umd file into the emulator. If the file does not exist it
Disable the vmax3 compression on a volume or block mirror.
Returns the relative position of a rhumb path given the azimuth and length in radians.
Returns the index of elt in array or - 1 if elt is not present in array.
Returns the maximum layout size for the given container.
Read the contents of an inputstream and return it as a string. The stream is closed
Update the number of uncounted items.
Logs the expiration of an entry.
Remove a ripple from the end of the ripples array. If the ripple
Writes the given text to the given byte buffer.
Create a new sourcerecords object with the specified number of records for each topic
Returns true if the given object is equal to this size.
Compares two version strings and returns a negative number if they are less than or equal to the
Returns true if the given vector is a valid vector. If the vector is null returns false
Returns true if the type string ends with the suffix_obsessional.
Changes the speed of the specified block to the specified speed. If the specified block is the
Remove the targetchild object from the set.
Notify all class observers of the given class descriptor.
Duplicate the second operand of this instruction.
Returns true if the given mime type is an appxml mime type.
Creates a native page for the given URL.
Throw a parseexception. If the locator is null the exception is thrown. Otherwise the exception
Set up the custom editor. This method is called when the custom editor is added to the
Performs a memoidone operation on the graph. This operation is not guaranteed to be called
Returns an enum type corresponding to the given single value type. If the single value type is
Convert a field type string to an object class.
Add an XML element after a token index.
returns a list of all the parents of the given contentid and contentassoctypeid
Create a dictionary from the given affix inputstream. The affix inputstream will be
Collapses the coordinates of the given building.
Detaches a virtual machine from a virtual machine.
Reads the next NFC error message from the stream and returns it as a string.
Set the pie to show or hide the pie. If the pie is not
Persists an authnprovider to the database and notifies the change. If newobject is true
Add an undoable action to the stack of actions to be performed on the undo stack.
Copy an array into the array. The size of the array is set to the length of
Adds a new sample to the last pinged data array.
Appends the content encoding to the given stringbuilder.
Tears down the underlying data source and the underlying data source.
Returns a substring of the given string starting at the given index and ending at the given index
Remove a custom sashform listener.
Writes a string to a file. The data is converted to UTF - 8 using the default
Deletes the specified session variables from the state datastore.
Returns a string representation of this date.
Closes the output stream and waits for the thread to finish and then closes the output stream.
Parse the given string as an integer.
Write all the values from the resultset to the output stream. If includecolumnnames is true
Test special case 1.
Verify that the given device matches the given parameters.
Adds a time window to the windowlist. The window will be sorted according to the time
Returns a hashtable containing all the intersections of all the segments in the given iterator.
Returns true if the current font is a TTF font false if it is not.
Register the providers for the current application. This method is called when the application is started.
Creates a new hashmap with the given initial capacity and load factor.
Add an ASN. 1Set object to the set.
Populates a stream blob with the contents of the given basecontent and requiredsize.
Returns the sign of the given value using the AWT - Yclic algorithm.
Adds a key to the list of nearkeys to be checked. The key is added to
Analyzes the fields of a dynamic class and performs the specified action on them.
Returns true if the specified log level is enabled. This method is intended to be used by
Load the entire contents of the specified array into the specified frame. The caller is responsible for
Checks that the _str _num _str _str _str _str _str _
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the context is critical. This is true if the context
Findedittable a partir de la string. A partir de la string de
Write the operations. car file to the default location. If the file does not exist it
Returns true if this node has a new follower in the followers list.
On track point element start.
Fires a propertychange event to all registered listeners. This method is called when a property
Checks that the given string is a valid descriptor and returns the index of the first occurrence of
Sort the fields in an array of fieldbindings. The order of the fields is defined by
Draws the background of the view.
Adds a unique attribute to an element. If the element does not exist it is created.
Check the delete vm response and throw appropriate exceptions if needed.
Run the test.
Limits the transformation of this rectangle to be within the specified bounds. The size of the rectangle
Returns the blazevaluefactory.
Check that the refresh token is the same as the one provided. If not throw an exception
Add a style to the map.
Extracts the client name from the given clientid and host. If the clientid is not
Construct a fastfuture from a completablefuture.
Returns true if the given inventoryaction is a place action.
Adds a view to the cache. If the cache is null a new list is created.
Read the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
Play the currently playing media.
Convert a UTF - 8 string to a UTF - 8 string.
Encode the gridclientcacheflag. skip_store flag in the flagset.
Adds a data source to the list of data sources. The data source will be added to
Adds a value and its weight to the distribution.
Build a row with a label and a checkbox.
Format and parse the given text using the given format date and parse date. If the text
Returns true if the given string is a child group of the current group.
Throw an exception if the given itemindex is out of bound to the array.
Create a locusinfo object for the given stopbeforelocus. If the stopbeforeloc
This method is called when the global configuration of a service has been changed. It is called
Sends an email to the given activity. This method is intended to be called from the UI
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Adds a new translator to the class pool. The translator will be started at the beginning of
Writes a string of characters to the output. The number of characters written is the number of
Returns the next line from the input or null if there are no more lines.
Returns true if the string matches the given regular expression. If the regex is null then the
Writes the spatial grid table to a file.
Adds a view to the footer of the adapter.
Add a close hook to be called when a resource is closed. This hook will be called
Rejectedexecution the given runnable if the threadpoolexecutor is not
Updates the min and max values of the bounding box with the given x and y values.
checkstandardupceanchecksum - check standard upcean checksum.
Read the configuration from the specified file. If the file does not exist it is created.
Apply the trading bonus to the player.
Returns the result of slurpurl but catches any exceptions and prints the stacktrace.
Create a new tracelist from the given tracelist and the given set of addresses
Cancels all pending tasks and cancels any pending tasks that were scheduled for execution.
Register the default deviceservice types.
Remove all subsets of swclocation from dependencymap. This is done by traversing
Draws a set of ticks on the specified canvas. The ticks are drawn using the specified angle
Returns a bifunction that always inserts a new item into the partition.
Finds entries in the specified LDAP directory using spring - openldap. This test fails if the
Test constructor string with radix 8. This is done by comparing _str and _num.
Returns true if the character is in the specified encoding. If the character is not in the
Delete an object from the store.
Remove highlights from the list of tags.
Enqueues the successor blocks of the given block into the given worklist. The successor blocks
Adds a role to the user.
Add a modulestable checkbox to the panel. The modulestable model is
Set the date in the local time zone.
This method is called when a stream response message is received from the remote peer. This method
Builds a tuple of indexshardsnapshots and the latest snapshot number from the given blobs.
Create a new forum post configuration.
Returns true if this node is armed by the other node.
Create a new attribkey for the given element and localname.
Creates a sparse array of the specified type with the specified values. The output type must be
Returns the maximum value of the given field in the given tupleset. If the tupleset
Enable or disable the updater adiolinks. The updater adiolinks are enabled
Returns a string representation of the two IDs. The first ID is the first ID and the
Reset the cache statistics to their initial values.
Testothertostring default. This is the same as testothertostring but
Removes the menu item at the given index.
Test shiftright.
Shows the filter dialog.
Returns the number of pixels between the two specified points.
allowspopup is true if the formobject has a subtype of spopup.
Creates a localgitrepo from the current working directory.
Returns the minimum of the two vectors.
Adds a test method to the list of test methods to be executed.
Serializes this object to the given serializer. This method should only be called once per instance.
Verifies that the migration of the database is consistent with the blockmirrormigrator.
Sets the log formatter for the given logger. If no logger is given the global logger is
Remove a text listener.
Create an XML element representing an IDP entity descriptor. If exportprivatedata is true
Removes all data from the queue and releases all allocated resources. This method should be called when
Applies the camera to the GL context.
Create a pointtable result set. The result set is a simpleresultset with the
Adds the given volumes to the existing volumes if they are not already present in the useradded
Create a new temporary file in the temporary directory.
Partitions the annotations into a hashmap where the key is the target type and the value is
Loads the contents of the file into the buffer.
Called when the hearing distance of the mouse is higher than the hearing distance
Returns the canonical file name for the given name. If the given name starts with the root
Initialize the tooltip. This method is called when the tooltip is initialized.
Decodes an array of strings into an array of strings. The encoded array will be split on
Computes the offset of the current angle based on the time elapsed since the start of the animation
Returns the number of significant bits in the field without changing the bit position in the field.
Generates a seed for the current process. The seed is the timestamp of the current process and
Render the given valueexpr as a string.
Stop the sampling thread. This method is called when the thread stops sampling. If the thread
Reverses the order of the points in the given list. If the list is not
The dsigncsr dialog.
Initialize the notification manager. If notification_factory_name is set in the system properties then
Await for the completion of the operation. If the operation is already completing or timed
Clamp the given value to be between the given low and high values.
Parse the host directory from the volume string.
Formats the given time as a string with the current time and number of characters padded to the
Returns an array containing all the elements in this list.
Pads the right side of a string with a character fillchar at the right side.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to this list.
Update the checkpoint with the new state hash and last checkpoint cid from the given application state.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Returns a list of pairs representing the top - level bindings in the bindings map.
Returns true if the label is not in the list of labels. If the label is not
Add a message observer to be notified when a message is received.
Shows the text in the editor with the specified character. If the current platform is not the
Converts a byte into its hexadecimal representation.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. If the index is greater than the
Returns a vector with the normal distribution of the given number of elements.
This method is called when a warning has occurred. This method is called when a warning has
Returns true if the given subname is a known subname.
Returns the text of the given diffs. The text of the diffs is the text of the
Returns true if the number is stored in this object.
Returns the size of a directory as a biginteger.
Returns true if the bit is set to 1 in the locsearchlightbits array.
The agefilefilter method is used to filter files that are older than a given date.
Calculates the number of majortick ticks and updates the number of majortickcount.
Moves the cursor to the next row in the result set. If there are no more rows
Put a hidden attribute with the given value in the given sample. If the sample does not
Unassigns the ordering of the nodes in the graph between the two given objects.
Convert a SWF file to HTML.
Writes the given classfile to the given file.
Establishes a connection to the given peer address.
Converttovector. This method converts an array of objects to a vector.
Notifies all registered version listeners that the version has been changed.
Accept a drop operation on the target context peer. This method is called when the target context
Removes all of the criteria from the set.
Returns a string representation of this capabilities object. If the capabilities object does not support this method
Returns the last modified date of a file or directory on the remote host.
Import PKCS 8.
Create a controlflow graph for the given compilation unit tree and the given classtree.
Checks if the enginerating is a valid engine type.
Checks that two floats are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown with
Calculates the mextremal frequency matrix for the given b. The mextremal
Load properties from a properties file.
Replaces all occurrences of the given pattern with the given replacement.
Returns a hashmap of all the properties of the given service. The keys are the host
Returns a stream that concatenates the contents of this stream with the contents of the other stream
readexternal reads the properties of this object from the specified input stream.
Set the default item label format and number format to be used for the XY items.
Sets the x and y components of this vector to the given direction.
Adjusts the power of this number by the given value. If the value is less than
Removes all columns from the table.
Returns true if the costingmethod is the last invoice of the invoice.
Sets the proxy port.
Fetch the cluster name from the cluster group name.
Fetch my service card information from the server.
dviewasymmetrickeyfields This is the entry point for the dviewasym
sampleconditionalmigrationevents2 returns a list of random conditional migration events from parentcolour to child
Returns true if the object value is an attribute.
Decodes an ASCII string from a byte array.
This method is called when the value of the treeview changes. This method is called when
Removes a propertychangelistener from the list of listeners.
Transfer a node to the wait queue if it is not already in the wait queue.
Creates an intent to send a sharetext to the user.
Create a new updater for an atomic integer field of a given class.
Converts a map of data to a hashmap of objects.
Add a LSR instruction to the given instruction list and return the address and node value.
Builds a rowlimitspec out of the given context.
Returns the first common layer of this item and the given other item.
Remove the specified number of items from the specified itemstack.
Saves all the indexes in this container to disk. The indexes are saved in the indexnames
Adds an artist to the list at the specified position. If the position is greater than the
Executes the given command asynchronously and returns the result as a process object. The streamhandler will
Expand and select the given location if it exists. If it doesn t exist it will select
Moves to the next token in the input string.
Saves the current provisioning validity and expiration time to the shared preferences file.
Encode this reasoncode into the given outputstream.
Create a cluster asynchronously. This method will block until the cluster is created or an error occurs
Returns the alias policy element with the specified index or null if the index is out of range
see the documentation for the getnameditemns2 method
Writes a string value to the outputstream without quoting. The string is quoted if it is
Adds a SAM record at a specific position to the list of records to be processed.
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of this file.
Adds the property type to the given property.
Checks if two objects are equal.
Returns the string representation of the ofinstructionwriteactions.
This method is called before an object is added to the list of objects to be added.
Encodes an array of bytes into a string of UTF - 8 characters using the specified separator.
readfeedlogperf is a convenience method to log the performance of the readfeed call.
Read an unsigned long from the input stream. The input stream must be positioned at the
Test shiftright 4.
Resolve the given classname from the given file using the given sootclass.
Build the response url for the given tenant and logout state.
Asserts that the label with the given path is present and that the given text is equal to
Recursively interpolates the list of interpolatable commands. The list must have at least _num
Initializes the given tokenizer with the current state of the tokenizer.
This method is called when an illegal message is received from the switch state machine. This method
This method runs the threadsizeloop in a separate thread. This is done in a
Reads the next record from the file and returns the boolean. If the record has not been
Attempts to lock the file. If the file does not already exist it will be created.
Open a datagram socket on the specified port.
Returns a string with the global information about this object.
Executes a spark script and returns the results as an array of mlresults.
Disable a rich formatter feature.
Remove an event listener from the list of listeners registered for this connection.
Returns the current python time in milliseconds.
Add items to the end of the list.
Returns a quoted string that can be used as the value of a Java property in a Java
Read a recipe from a cursor.
Checks if the given expression evaluates to true. If the expression evaluates to false an illegalstate
Adds the drop table statements for the given table and tableinfo to the given list of statements
Returns true if the queue is non - empty or false if the queue is empty.
Returns the current guest time in milliseconds. This is the number of seconds since January 1
Finds or creates a class from the given string. If the string t ends with _str
Resets the notes to their default values.
Set the time of the tick. This is called when the tick is set to zero.
Writes the given character sequence to the given file with the given encoding. If the character sequence
Populate the navdrawer items.
Test for the existence of the character in _str and _num. If _bool is
Returns a byte array containing the values of the first byte in the given byte array.
Record an audit entry for the CALLHOME event.
Computes the mean of the values in an array. The values are divided by the sum of
Construct a string representing the number of seconds since the given date.
Select a mediatype that is compatible with the given list of producibletypes.
Paints the border of the JPopupMenu.
Ensure that the array capacity is at least as large as the given minimum capacity. If the
Invalidates and unmaps the given buffers. The buffers will be freed by the cleaner.
Add a directory to the list of classes.
Returns true if the mineshafter present in the string is true otherwise returns false.
Compares two BubbleXYItemLabels objects and returns true if they are the same.
Returns true if the node has at least one child that is an element node.
Removes an item from the list.
Count the number of primitive property names in the class. This is the number of primitive property
Prints a string to the stream. The number of bytes written will be equal to the number
Check if the given object has the given permissions. If the object is a string it will
Display all strings defined in string. xml
Create an intent to be used to launch a new map activity. This method is used to
Generate the parameters string.
Write a bitmap as an EXIF file to an outputstream. The outputstream must be
Remove the attribute at the given index. The index must be less than or equal to the
Extract the classname from a fieldsignature string.
Paints the preview of the image at the specified location.
Start the camera preview thread. This method must be called before any other calls to this method
Removes all values from the map. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Creates a list of lists of lists of the same size as the given list of double values
Updates the UI for the given window and all of its owned windows.
Clear the results of the search. This is called when the search has been completed.
Finds all the widgets in the widgetcontainer that are visible within the given rectangle.
Print an ASCII symbol.
Create a new shopping cart item.
Returns a string representation of the assignment table. The string will be truncated if the number of
Update the border text.
Adds the given classes to the result set.
Reset all references to this object to their initial state.
Decodes a MPI into a biginteger.
This method is called when the schemata of a service has been changed. It is called
Sort the nodes in the vector by the given keys. The keys are the keys of the
Parse a date from a string.
Adds a message to the message queue. If the message is already in the queue it will
Convert a string to a database id.
Writes an integer in ascending order. The integer is assumed to be less than or equal to
Prints a long value to the output stream.
Sets the Thrift service metadata for the given Thrift service type.
Returns a writableraster that can be used to write to a raster of the specified dimensions
Converts a constraintviolation exception to a response with an invalid entity error code.
Check if the tracker starts a new block. If the tracker starts a new block a message
Initializes the layer list from the given URL. If the URL is malformed it logs a warning
Returns true if the incoming message is suppressed by any of its answers. Otherwise returns false.
Creates a new properties object from the given map.
Returns the first node that matches the given query or null if there are no nodes.
Returns an array of string paths from the given properties. If the property does not exist or
Compare two locales for equality.
Read the result set from a prepared query.
Adds an entry to the list if it is not already present. If the list is null
Returns true if this MSort is equal to the given object or false if it is not
End the transaction associated with the given connection.
Initialize the ccrossreferencespanel. This is the main entry point for the ccrossreferences
Double the capacity of the list.
Change the openamdebug folder.
Computes the full URL for the given link. If the link does not start with _str
Load the manifest from the jar and add it to the list of packages to be loaded.
converttorawtypes returns a new array with the converted types. If forcer
Adds a column to the table. If the column is null nothing is done.
Read data from a data input stream.
Remove a display from the display list.
Returns the next Gaussian value.
Fires an event to all registered listeners.
Update the local port of the contactheader of the given message if it exists.
Creates a new instance of the Androidhttpclient with the given user agent.
Add a new local cache entry to the cache.
Add a vertex to the features list.
Test for bsbm_q1_nosolutions. This test fails if _str
Delete a file or log a warning if the file fails to be deleted.
Removes the value at the given index from the list. This method is thread - safe.
Add a group member to a user in a group.
Override this method in order to provide the name and resourcebundlename of the logger.
Increments the value of the bin at the given coordinate. If the bin does not exist
Throws an exception if the expression is false. If the expression is true throws an illegalargument
Put all of the specified fields into the document.
Checks if a string is in a list of strings ignoring case.
Computes the median absolute error of an array of values.
Initialize all plugins that are known to be loaded. The order of the plugins is determined by
Stop the session. This method is called when the session is being stopped. This method is
Sets the keepalive flag. The default value is true. The default value is false.
Creates a new request object for uploading a file to the server.
Read a byte array from the buffer and check that it matches the checksum. If the checksum
Creates a multicast socket with the specified port and multicast group and TTL.
Check if the selected subset metadata is valid.
Validates that the destination and payload are well - formed and that the destination is a MQTT
Set the inputstream for the ASN. 1 BER encoding. The inputstream must be
Returns the next test member of the given type.
Prints a newline at the end of the outputstream. This is done by calling println on
Returns true if the system font is enabled false otherwise.
Add a url to the list of tobeloaded urls.
Put all of the fields in the given iterator into the current document.
Sets the repository and author of the app raise git review client. The author of the app
Initialize a new rootblockview with the given rootblock0 and buffer. If rootblock
Creates a SOAP request.
The innerenum is the enum constants of the playingcard class. The enum constants must be
Returns a string representation of this URI.
This test ensures that wildcards does not need twodots. This test ensures that the
Returns true if the given file is a directory and false if it is not.
Skips the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified character sequence.
Removes all of the elements from this list that are contained in the given collection.
Compare and set the tail of this object to be equal to expect and update to be equal
Create a phone field from a string.
Load a resource bundle from the given resource bundle name. If the resource bundle does not exist
Returns a set of storage pools that are associated with the given remotecopysettings.
Converttohtml. Replace all occurrences of _str with _str + _str
Adds a lock to the list of locks. Throws an exception if there is an overlapping lock
- - - - - - - - i a u f 7 - - - - -
Reload the model with a new value.
Returns the string representation of a move.
Creates an accelerated image of the specified width and height. The target component will be used
Display the current state of the compiler.
Writes the given string to the given writer. The string is written to the given writer.
Ensure that the buffer is at least n characters long and that the buffer is at least n
Decrement the reference count of this document. If the document is closed the document is closed
Convert an X500Principal object to an X500Name object.
Asserts that the given described resource is present in the described resource s description and that the expected
Returns true if this type is a flat type i. e. if this type is a
Build a list of networks that are limited by the policy editor. This list can be used
Evaluates the RPN expression.
Add all series to the end of the series list.
Exit the program with the given exit code and error message. If an error message is supplied
Compares two newsplitemittedterms and returns the index of the first occurrence.
Merge this aabb with another aabb.
Generates an autotag based on the class name of the current stack frame and the offset
Flush the pending data to the underlying writer.
Initialize the configuration views. This method is called after the configuration views have been added to the
Sets the node type namespace and localname of this node.
validatenewaddition - Asserts that the given paths are valid atenew
Start the consumer thread.
Undo the current operation. The operation will be performed immediately after the current operation is complete.
Removes a column from the table. If the column is null then nothing is done.
Returns a string representation of the histogram.
Peeks at the next available output buffer and stores it in out_bufferinfo.
scanblocklet is called when a blocklet is scanned. This method will fill the scanned
Returns the hash code of this expression. The result is the sum of all subconditions and
Balances all the segments in the acctschema that are balanced.
Initialize the annotation drawer with the given annotation model and processrenderermodel.
Returns true if there are any user - specified partitions in the output.
Inserts a string at the given offset.
Reads a code point from the input. If the next character is a high surrogate the code
Put an int value into the given byte array at the given offset.
Adds a symbol and a label to the list.
Add a tag to the tag list.
Consumes a number of bytes from the buffer and returns the number of bytes consumed.
Adds an outer join qualifier to the FROM clause.
Encodes the given string into a list of file directories.
Returns the next element in the queue or null if there are no more elements in the queue
Adds a swipelistener to the list of swipelisteners.
Returns the number of patterns.
Writes an unsigned 8 - bit integer to the given outputstream.
This testcase is the same as above except for the sign of _num. This test
Adds a new header to the response.
Store the certificate in the keystore.
Appends the top - level hierarchy of a type to a pointer hierarchy.
Sorts an array of long values in ascending order. The array is assumed to have the same
Returns a string representation of the similarity matrix.
Returns the last element in this sequence or null if this sequence is empty.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds on the current thread. If an interrupt occurs during the
Returns the index of the given element in the list.
Returns true if the given modifiers indicate a package access.
Writes the log to the specified file.
This is a decorator that can be used as a decorator for a managed window. The decorator
Writes a byte array to the output stream. This method will block until the input buffer has
Log a message at the DEBUG level. If no arguments are given the message will be formatted
Process device updates from the queue and notify listeners.
handleremotecanrebalance is true if the size is greater than or equal to
Returns the sld file for the given file. If the file does not exist returns null
Inserts the given properties into the given template string.
Changes the font of the given component to the given style.
Draws the contours of this contour with the specified color. The contours are drawn using the specified
Write a string to a file in the format of begin_cert end_cert.
Clear the moncentralpositionchangedlistener. This method is called when the position of the
Invokes a static method with the given name on the given class. If the method cannot be
Returns true if this line is the last line in the fill below the line.
onpatchserviceresult. This method is called when the patch service is healthy.
Returns a _fields object for a given thrift field id or null if not found.
Returns true if the packet is a stanza or false if it is a message iq or presence
This method is called when the user presses the enter key. It is called by the
Returns true if the version of the bean needs to be updated or false if the version is
Clear all beans from the given map.
Load all logical tables from the given name group map into the given resourcedictionaries.
Read a block of data from the input stream.
Adds a new subscription to the list of subscriptions for the specified clientid.
Create a new x509certpath from a list of x509 certificates.
Process the given XML string and return the result as an XML string. The XML string is
Sets the consultopologyfraction for this service.
Build the qualifierregex string from the given qualifiervalue. This method is used to build the
Shortens the given name to the given length. If the given name is longer than the
Blend two colors with a given weight.
Returns the kstkeip value of the field.
Decide whether or not to use the uilookandfeel class based on the
Creates a bufferedimage from an image.
Reads a JSON array.
Returns a list of nodes that are available to be assigned to the given type.
Removes a sensorselectionlistener from the list of listeners.
Writes a character to the output stream.
testdexclassloader - test if dexclassloader is available.
Register a gridcachettlmanager.
Returns a new java. sql. time object with the specified hour minute and second.
Initializes the keystore for this logger. This method is called when the keystore is initialized.
Returns an array of bytes representing the image data in the native byte order specified by the format
Remove folderstacking markers from a file name.
Discards the given registrar.
Returns true if the given state is a final state. If the given state is less than
Generates a string that contains the number of digits in the protein. The number of digits is
Writes a figtreeblock.
Returns a hash code that can be used to uniquely identify this font.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object. If the object is a map
This method is called when a DOCTYPE declaration is encountered. This method is called by the
Writes an EXIF image to the specified output file.
This method is called at the beginning of the state machine. It is called when the state
Creates a new exception object for a methodarginvalidvalue exception with the specified arguments.
Compress a string to a gzipped byte array using the default compression algorithm. This method is
Load the map for the given extension and mimetype. If the mimetype is an image it will
Start a DTD document. This method is called by the DTD parser when it is
Converttimestamp is a string that can be used as a timestamp in the future.
Encodes the given byte array into a base 64 string.
Prints a double value to the underlying output stream.
Returns a string representation of this address.
Returns true if the given string is a chroot of the given Zookeeper host.
Call dboperation with the database if the name is in the list of databases in the
Creates a hash code based on the uri and prefix.
Creates a new instance of a placeholderfragment with the specified section number.
Import the translation into the specified translation table. The translation table must be in the specified directory
Read the first line of the file and store the problem and file. The file will be
Called when an exception occurs while connecting to the IMQT. This method is called when
Returns true if the given identifier is in the blacklist false otherwise.
Checks if the given exception was caused by a communication error.
Returns true if the value of _bool is reliable. Otherwise returns false.
Pushes a new type onto the output stack.
Returns the string representation of the short in the range [ 0 short. max_value +
Fire a propertychange event for this bean context. This method is called when a property of
Encodes the given string into a URL - safe string. This method is used to encode the
Example of how to test database entities for storage policy testing.
Create a new PDF page from a page object. The page object is the page object that
Adds an element to the tomap if key is not null and values is not null.
Save the boot properties to the jar file.
Append the contents of the source file to the given printwriter and return the number of the
Writes a timestamp to the packet output stream using the specified calendar. If the timestamp is true
Returns the number of characters in s1 but not in s2. s1 and s
Morpha the given text. If the text is empty the original text is returned.
Delete the given file. If the file does not exist an exception will be thrown.
Create a checkmark path.
Initialize the cache with the contents of the cache directory. This method is called when the cache
Start a TCP channel client. This is the main entry point for the TCP channel client.
Cut the selected bean. This method is called when the user cuts the selected bean.
Adds a remover to the list of handlers to be called when an event is received.
This method is called when an action is performed on a menu item. This method is called
Adds a new entry to the entry list.
Makes sure that the children array is a copy of the array with the correct number of elements
Creates a new UUID with the given most significant and least significant bits.
Returns a prettyprint with the specified number of spaces.
Renders a user - defined handler for the given component. This method is called when a user
Constructs the TSDB metric name from the scope and the namespace.
Create a new selector and register it with the session. The new selector will be closed when
testcase4. This testcase creates a biginteger by multiplying it with a big
Called when a response is received from a stream. If the response is a follower the
Execute a rawsql query and return the results as a list of objects. The rawsql
Returns the current time in nanoseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Test cloning of a format.
Sends a synchronous sync request to the remote server.
Returns true if the given string is null or the length of the string is zero.
Add a capability to the list of dependencies. If the capability is the nominal_attributes
Extract robots. txt and robots. txt variables from a robotdebugstacktraceid.
Adds an integer element to the resourcespoet.
Map full - width letter to half - width.
Asserts that two collections are equal without changing the order of the elements in the two collections.
Returns true if the request method is not head and the response code is not the same as
Returns the number of available in - process processes.
Adds the given value to the current value. If the current value is uncontended the
Returns true if the current time has passed since the last action. If the current time has
Moves the cursor forward or backward by the word at the given column.
Handle or defermessage messages. This method is called when a message is received from the
Remove the specified volumes from the zone export mask table.
Shuts down the nbestlistwriter and the alignmentwriter.
Paints the icon at the given coordinates.
This method is called when the image is zoomed out. This method is called when the
Returns a list of all the shards and channels in the database. The list is sorted by
Returns true if this file is a hidden file of the given file.
Returns true if the scrollview canscrollvertically should be scrolled in the
Load the jar file into a jarinfo object. If the jar file contains a manifest file
Clear the titlesortable of all the movies in the list.
Adds a new row to the table.
Create a jar from a file and content.
Moves the view to the given day.
Returns true if v is in the hash table or false if it is not in the hash
Closes a JDBC connection. This method is called when a connection is closed. If the connection
Add a message item with the specified class description option and default option. The default option is
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a new column is added
Computes the p - distribution for each database id in the given relation.
Appends a suffix to the end of the string if it does not already end with one of
Request all the filesystems as a JSON array.
Called when an external problem occurs during the execution of a process. This method is called when
check if the network monitor is in the list of network monitor instancenames.
Adds a list of predicates to the conjunction of this and with the given predicates.
Adds a random number to the list.
Checks if the canonical user options are the same. The canonical user options are the options that
Close the given closeable ignoring any exceptions that may occur.
Push a textsecureenvelope onto the queue.
Returns a random integer in the range [ min max ).
Test simple premature close.
Pushes a pspgelist onto the drawlistqueue.
Add a task to the tasklist for the given source and groupmirrorsourcemap.
Returns the maximum value of the given field in the given tuples using the given comparator.
Get the clusterdefinitionstiptext.
testconstructorsignbytespositive1 This test fails if _num is negative and _str
Set the fling parameters for the scrollable object.
Adds a navigator listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the navigator changes.
This method is called when the stream is ready to be read. This method should be called
Returns the patience of the distribution with the given distribution function and number of samples.
Convert an array of objects to a list of series names.
Reads characters from the stream into a character array starting at the specified offset and ending at the
Log a message at the FATAL level. If the log level is higher than the fatal
Expands the number at the given index in the given string.
Returns true if s1 and s2 are both null or equal.
This method is called when the generator is started. It loads the data and writes it to
Returns true if all rule 17 directors are used in the portal location context false otherwise.
Stop accepting new connections. This method blocks until all connections have been accepted and then closes the
Expands the systemid to be relative to the base systemid. If the systemid
Free the specified message. The message will be removed from the buffer and added to the cache
Returns true if this builder is equal to the other builder ignoring the case of the characters.
Converts the given UUID to a long using the most significant bits of the UUID.
Adds a virtual machine argument to the command line.
Apply the given field to the given classvisitor.
Compares _num to _num but does not consider _num to be less than or equal
Test the screenshot of the current page. The screenshot will be stored in the screenshotdir.
Unlink the target volumes from a snapshot session.
Reverses the order of the symbols in the given list.
changeparttoref is called by the locpath iterator when a new part of the
Read a line of text from the stream and return it as a string.
Adds a node to the collection.
Returns the documentation homepage URL.
Checks to see if there is a hastaxonomy mapping file. If there is a
Removes a selection listener from the list of listeners that are notified when a selection changes.
Replace the n - th node with the given type.
Called when the user clicks on the button 1 request. This method is called when the user
Delete the largest node in the tree.
Removes all of the elements from the queue.
Called when the progress bar is updated. This method is called when the progress bar is updated
Add an agent to the treenode.
Sets the date to the default locale and timezone for the week. The default locale is used
Creates a codeattribute for this attribute set. If no codeattribute is present null is returned
Set the output stream to a binary file. The output stream will be written to the specified
Reads a class descriptor from the input stream.
Creates a new file. If the file already exists it will be deleted. If the file
Test that _num is equal to zero.
Execute the given prepared statement with the given columns and return the number of rows affected.
This method is used to set the configuration of the SAML authority. This method is used to
Checks that the given string is not empty.
Cancel all unnamed tasks.
Returns the min and max values of the given list of values.
Creates a new criteria for this query. The criteria will be added to the list of existing
Reads an escaped character from the input.
Update the query params and header params for all the given authentication names.
Add spaces around spans until fixed and then fallback to string.
Remove the bookmark tracking icons from the list of tracking icons.
Create a new simple metric group with the given name and metric stream. The metric stream is
Returns true if the given point is inside the bounds of this rectangle.
Resolve the protocol managers from the given classloader.
Get a list of all the host addresses on this machine.
Compute the size of the insamples of the bitmap. If the height or width of the
Returns true if the given status is in the list of statuses.
Returns a string representation of this sequence.
Computes the SHA - 256 hash of the secret and seed using the SHA - 256 algorithm.
Add a channelmap to the interval.
Adds an element to the queue. If the queue is full the method throws an exception.
Put a resource into the cache.
Parse an array of uidrange objects from the input string. The input string must be a
Replaces the suffix of the given value with the given changeto. If the value does not
Called when a claimed task is available to execute.
Creates the project directory if it doesn t already exist.
updatebuttonactionperformed This is called when the updatebuttonaction is performed on the node
Create a class from a classfile.
Returns an iterator over the targets in the target list. The target list is not modified.
Fits the size of the main widget based on the size of the scrolled content.
Returns the hash code of the field name.
Build a hashmap of the names and SNMP IDs of the memory pools in the given
Set the dcryptostrength of the dialog.
Creates and returns the jseparator component.
Adds an object to the end of the list. If the list is full the object will
Builds the table from the given realmresults.
Generate a new signature block.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Writes a portion of a byte array to the output buffer.
Opens an intent for the given open file. If the open file does not exist nothing happens
Convert a string to a java. sql. date.
Round a float value to the nearest power of 2. If the value is larger than the
Returns a plaintext representation of the given short.
Returns a copy of this attribute with all parameters copied to the new class. The new class
Create the componentchanges string from the list of differences in the difflist. The componentchanges
Prints an example with the given description followed by a given block of code that will be executed
Checks if a file is writable. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns the string representation of the OID.
Reads the internal state of this object from the specified bytecodeparser.
Skips _num bytes from the input stream. If _bool is true fails the test
Adds a character to the end of the string. If the end of the string is reached
Returns the hash code of this object.
Computes the Cholesky decomposition of a matrix.
Finds the set of candidate crossings between the two given points. The candidate crossings are
Returns a _fields object for the given thrift fieldid or null if the fieldid is
Sets the repositoryname and path components.
Add a property to the carbon properties file.
Create a new element tree from the given element and delta. This method is called by the
Returns a string representation of the title of the page. The title is the title of the
Returns the number of elements in the hashmap.
Replaces all occurrences of oldpattern with newpattern in instring.
Returns true if the given coordinate is in the given activityfacility zone.
Returns the associatortiptext.
Sets the reader to read the labels from and closes the reader. The reader will be closed
Parse a string into a double. If the string is null returns the default value.
Register a new application in the application map. If an application with the same name already exists
Put a profile into the context.
Prints a character to the output stream.
Initializes the block views. This method should be called after the workspace has been initialized.
Remove a tokenid from the list of all trails.
DnetscapecarevocationUrl method. This method is called when the user
parses a list of numbers from a string into an array of integers. If the list
This method is called when a directory or filenotfoundexception is detected.
Randomly scrambles the array.
Parses an IP header string into a sipheader object. The header string is expected to be
Converts a color from RGB to RGBtolinearrgb.
Record the beginning of the run.
Rotates a point around the y - axis by a given angle in degrees.
Checks if the given word is pronounceable according to the prefix and suffix rules.
Adds all splitedges to the given list.
Overrides the default ioutils method so that we don t have to worry about the size of
Create a new membased cache with the specified maximum size in bytes. The cache will be
Update the maxtextwidths based on the maxrequiredwidth and maxmatchcontentswidth values.
Enable or disable the overview.
Called when the mouseentered event is triggered. This method is called when the mouse is
Fetch a single page of collections from solr. The page is updated with the selected children.
Visit this node the annotation visitor. This method is called for every node in the tree that
Add one or more ids to the query.
Stop the monitor. If the monitor is not running it will be stopped. If the monitor
Normalizes the given request URL.
Invoke the Hessian method on the given inputstream and outputstream using the given serializer factory
Commits the current local transaction. If the current local transaction is null then nothing is done.
Adds the object class to the given entry if it does not already exist.
Populates the area with all the children of the given Ward.
Read the name from the input stream.
Concatenates this string with the given character and returns a new string.
Returns the logarithm of the probability of the probability of a given number.
Signal that the queue is not empty.
Fills the tree with the given marynode. The tree is sorted by number of leaves
Returns the number of nodes in the cluster.
Add a host to the global blacklist. The host will be added to the global blacklist if
Adds a node to the graph. If the node is already in the graph it is ignored
Write an object to the given outputstream.
Returns the standard deviation of the given value. The standard deviation is the square root of the
Insert or refresh a new entry in the main bucket. If the new entry is already in
Translates the current transform by the given x and y coordinates. The current transform will be applied
Writes an object to an objectoutputstream.
Writes a number of spaces to the given writer.
Calculate the relative overlap between two boxes.
Handle the auto - draw toolbar item.
Load to have at least the given number of bytes.
z21message sets the string value of the field and sets the binary field to true.
Sorts the given method descriptors according to the methodsorter. If no methodsorter is
Parse a comma - separated list of properties into a Properties object.
Returns true if the type has the specified annotation on the package of this type.
Builds the tooltip for the given node.
Removes an onitemclick listener from the list of listeners to be notified when an item is
Returns the position in the list that should be selected based on the lookforselectable
Pads the right side of a string to the specified length with spaces if necessary.
Returns a list of the names of the local files that match the collation matching rules. The
Returns true if the given class is cached safe for the given classloader.
Writes the contents of the table to the given printstream.
Creates a new part from the given encoded and decoded strings.
Creates an array of the month numbers for the given epoch day. The number of months is
Returns the name of the property in the given descriptor or throws an exception if the property is
Register the given mbean with the given description.
Check that the values in _num are correctly marshalled into a short long or double.
Set the value associated with the specified key to the specified value. If the key already exists
Returns a future that completes with the results of applying the given accumulators and combiner to
Converts the given value from reflection type to its singular form. If the value is a list
Registers a builder for a specific company id. If the builder is null then no builder is
Copy a reilcode to a reilgraph.
Reads the content - types. properties file and applies the overrides to the content - types.
Returns the contents of the given reader as a string. The contents of the reader will be
Computes the similarity between two lane objects.
Force the size of the buffer to be greater than the current size of the buffer. This
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given string or - 1 if the string is
Returns a prepoperand string for the given label datatype vt and literal flag.
Divide a conquerbrownian bridge into a list of points.
Returns the ejbjarxmlversion for the given documenttype.
Returns the mergecoords of x and y.
Print an integer to the standard output stream. The output is flushed after this method returns.
Copy the text from the selected text field to the current text field. The text field is
Handle button 1 request. This method is called when the user clicks on the button 1.
Builds the description panel.
httpmethodclient. This method is called when the client is connected to a remote server.
The iso9796d2psssigner constructor.
Decodes a text value from the given byte array. The encoding of the text is determined by
Extract a set of values from the given collection using the given extractor.
Returns true if the string is a prefix of the sbuildmodel string.
Normalizes the given string using the given encoding. If no encoding is available the original string is
Returns the first node in the skiplist that is closer than or equal to lo.
Returns the number of sets in this set.
Creates a line from a stack of 3D points.
Converts a biginteger to an unsigned byte array. If the biginteger is a byte array
Calculates the approximatelength of the control points.
Convert a mouse modifier to a mapdragoperation.
Adds an assignment to the update clause.
Step to the next value in the list. If there are no more values in the list
Create a list of iconmarkers for the current location.
Checks if the server has a network connection. If the server has a network connection the listener
Assigns a thread - forsubscriber to this thread.
validates the dynamic attribute set and adds it to the responseattrtorepoattr and
Checks if the given object is assignable from the given type or if it is a wrapper instance
Initializes the propertychangelistener.
Adds a command to the Menubar at the given offset.
Connect to a bluetooth device. If the device is already connected this method returns false.
Returns the normal density of the given value at the given mean and standard deviation.
Draw the given shape using the flatness of the path. The flatness of the path
Tears down the connection factory. This method is called when the connection factory has been
Load the groups from the given input stream.
Sets the value of this object to the given new value.
Creates a list of objects that represent the equality of the given node. This is used to
Converts a collection of objects into a string using the given separator. If the collection is null
Decode a base64 string into a byte array.
Remove all of the previously moved copies of this node from the list of previously moved copies.
clears the bit in _num and checks that the result is zero.
Stop the timer. The timer is stopped by setting the speed setting to - _num and
Encode the distinguished name in DER format to the given outputstream.
This method is called when the state of the regression has changed. It is called by the
Returns an arraylist containing all the elements in this list.
Remove the given connection from the list of active connections. If the list is empty a warning
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Splits the prefix into a list of strings. The list will be sorted by the number of
Returns the hextounsigned long representation of the given hexidecimal string.
Returns the kew standard error of the specified number of samples.
Loads the data from the given list of policyqualifierinfo objects into this table.
Run a script using the specified reader. The reader will be closed after this method returns.
Finds the first markersegment of the given class.
The default implementation of removeall that accepts an array of values and returns a new filterable
Resets the internal state of this message object to its initial state. If clear is true the
Removes the element at the specified index.
Save and close the view. If save is true the view will be saved otherwise the view
Add a message to the message queue.
Subscribes to the given observable and blocks until the subscription is complete.
Calculates the nice number from the given range and whether or not it should be rounded or not
Copies the header from the given request to the given buffer. If the header already exists it
Send a metric to the telemetry client.
Put all of the given fields into the document.
Finds the base URL of the given resource relative to the given classloader.
Returns a string representation of the expression using the given epstatementformatter.
Returns true if the character at the specified index is the specified character.
Stat the contents of the specified file.
initadbsocketaddr initializes the inetaddress with the default adb host
Reads the specified number of bytes from the file starting at the specified offset in the file.
Returns true if the given tag name matches any of the tags in the tagnames list.
Shuts down the application and cleans up any resources associated with it. This method is
Returns true if the row is expanded into a boolean value. If the row is not expanded
Returns the index of the last colon or - num in the given string or - 1 if
Add an animator listener to this animator. The listener will be called when the animation
The httpmethodinfo object represents the HTTP method that should be handled by the client.
Returns true if the two byte arrays are equal ; false otherwise.
Draws the text at the specified location.
Updates the current race with the given list of races.
Returns true if the parameter is required or false if there is no such parameter.
Send the data to the result receiver.
Prints the number to the given printwriter using the given minimum number of digits and maximum number
Creates a set from a map. If the map is empty a new set will be created
Removes all biomes of a given type from the set of allowed biomes.
Calculates the minimum preferred and minimum sizerequirements for the given layoutiterator.
Writes a padded integer to the given writer.
Creates an OR filter from the given filterset.
Sends a binary blob to the client.
Set up the labels values and the number of labels in the dataset. This method is called
Merges the given set of intervals with the given intervaltomerge and returns the resulting set.
Removes all elements from the string while the condition is true. If the condition is false the
Adds a topological node to the end of the list of nodes.
Prints the given text to the console. If the text ends with this string the text will
Removes all values from the array and resizes the array to match the size of the array
Recursively divide the data into a list of integers. The number of elements in the list is
Asserts that the specified threads are still alive after the specified number of milliseconds.
The abstract workermanager interface. This is the base implementation of the workermanager interface
Called when a message is received from the client.
inserts a new netnoslist from a given location via a given trace clearance class
Returns true if the number of distinct bindings is above the threshold or if the number of incoming
Converts the given string to a byte array.
Returns the maximum length of the string. This is the number of characters in the string.
Writes a set of characters to the output buffer. This method will flush the output buffer if
Round the plapoint to the left using the specified direction.
Determine which proxy to use based on the target request context and proxy selector. If no proxy
Adds a reference to the source position and the reference position. The source position and reference position
Returns an array containing the elements of this vector.
Returns true if the current thread is running or false if the current thread is not running.
Unwrap a VCF file into a byte array. The input file must be a VCF file
Registers a new user with the given username and password. If the user already exists it is
Creates a SELECT statement with the specified columns. The columns must have the same length as the
Test whether the given class is compliant with the given mbean interface. If the given interface is
Converts a sequence model into a set of strings. The set will be sorted according to the
Create a JKSSignatureToken from an inputstream and a password.
Write the location information to the stream. The location information is stored in the locationout.
Get the offset of the value in the vtable. If the vtable does not exist
Evaluates an XPath expression and returns the result as a string. If the expression fails to evaluate
Convert a set of HTTP headers into a set of HTTP headers that can be sent to the
calculates the mslevel of a given array of shorts. The mslevel is the
Initializes the GL program.
Returns true if the given alias is a valid alias for the current locale.
Invert the selected relations using the tablerelations in the tablerelations.
Checks that _str is a floating point number and that _num is a negative number.
Binds the keystore to be used by the application.
Draws the center of the connections in the block.
Returns true if the targeters of the given instruction handle are branch instructions. Otherwise returns false
Load the default trust manager from the keystore. The default trust manager is the first one that
Returns true if the current node is an outsidedocelem.
Creates a new thread pool with the given name and number of threads. The thread pool is
Invoke the given method on the given object with the given parameters. If the method throws an
Clears the state of this node.
Adds a new helpertext color to the list of available helpertext colors.
Method advancetonextminute.
Create a list based tokenstream from a list of attributesource and a list of tokens.
Resolve a class from an objectstreamclass.
Returns a copy of the source with all the fields set to true and all values set to
Finds the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array starting from the
Adds a new edge from original to result.
Adds an array of states to this state machine.
Read an object from an object inputstream. This method is called when the object inputstream
Get the value of a key in the format of REG_SZ. If the key is
Adds a task to the tasker. The task will be executed when the tasker is
Initialize the compute program. This is called after the program has been loaded.
Sorts the values in this list.
Reads an object from a byte array.
Generates a new storage group name for the given policy name. If the group name already exists
Assert that the column types in the resultset are the same as the types in the expected types
Set the default actions for this action group. The default actions are executed in the order they
Adds a new item to the table at the specified position. The item will be inserted into
Pushes a term onto the tail of the pending buffer.
Set the value of this object to be a numeric literal.
Compare and set the head of the linked list to the given node.
Remove a node from the set of dependent nodes. Returns the set of nodes that were removed
Creates a new concurrentmap with aggressiveconcurrency.
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given eventname. If the eventname is
Skips all whitespace characters from the given reader until it reaches a non - whitespace character.
Get an iterator over the enumerateliteralresultattributes.
Parse the given string into a hashmap.
Add a collection of elements to the priority queue. If the collection is already a priorityqueue
Returns the resource id. If the path is empty returns the last schemanodename.
Returns true if this component is the initial state of the component. If this component is the
Denormalizes the given character sequence to a string with the given number of newlines removed.
Saves the given container configuration as a schemaprefix file in the given selfilepath
Returns true if the request has been aborted false otherwise.
Append a new key - value pair to the map. If the map already contains a key
skips the next _num bytes in the gzipped output stream and reports the number of
support_testwebdata is used for test webdata.
Print a boolean value to the output stream.
Initialize a new shared memory space.
Closes the connection to the server.
Returns a copy of this version with the specified qualifier added.
Load an unsigned 16 - bit value from memory at the given address.
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Unregister a baggagehandler.
Sets the default dataset for the heatmap. The default dataset will be filled with the specified number
Checks that two arrays are in the same order as the ones in the first array. The
Collect the text from the buffer and add it to the first text node.
Unproxies the given annotation.
Parse the given text into a list of nodes.
Adds a new tickmark section to the list of tickmark sections.
Calculate the q - i value for the given function and lambda and return the result.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream.
Deletes characters from the end of the string.
Adds a new plotter to the plotter list.
Returns the first node with key kkey less than or equal to kkey and less than
Adds a speedrunslivelistener to the list of listeners.
Returns true if the input string starts at the given index. If the input string does not
Applies an action to the specified fault. If the fault does not exist it will be created
Returns true if the given string contains any whitespace.
Decodes a base - 64 encoded string into a value using the given coder.
Performs validation on the given set of strings.
Adds the given values to the current value and returns the result as a string.
Returns a list of all the mydbs in the database. If restricted is true the list
Performs the linear function on the input and outputs. The input and output are assumed to be
Adds a long value to the URL params.
Compares two objects according to this comparator.
Add an action listener to be notified when a checkbox is toggled.
Calculates the bounds of the text.
Returns a new polynomial with the sum of the coefficients of this polynomial and the coefficients of the
Returns a string representation of this message.
Returns the offset of the first field of the given class or any of its superclasses.
Log a warning message with the given tag. The message will be formatted according to the given
Removes the first element from the array.
This method is called when an action is performed. It will attempt to change the label font
test unwrap bytebuffer.
Upgrades a server instance to a new instance with the given name and instance ID.
Creates a new instance of the given class.
Pops the number off of the stack from the end of the descriptor. If the number
Create an instance of a generic ipmsrpsession for the given contactid.
Create a new forum post with the given configuration.
Draws the mark at the given position.
This method is called when the component is resized. This method is called when the component is
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Changes the value of a label.
Writes a byte array to the output stream. This method is called when the output stream is
Update the angle of a point. If the angle of the point is greater than the current
Joins the current thread and does nothing if the current thread is not joining the current thread.
Clamp the position of a view relative to its left and right position relative to its width
This is a wrapper around the super class so that we don t have to worry about the
converttopanelx returns the panel width at a given x - value.
Forward the given request to the target controller. The target controller is the target controller of the
Returns a set of primary keys for the given owner and table. The order of the primary
Reads an unsigned 32 - bit unsigned integer from the inputstream.
Convert a leaf node to a prefix token. The prefix is the number of characters in the
Adds a CSV record to the list of records to be processed.
Marks the end of a scheduled task as having been scheduled. This method is called when the
Await for an item to be present in the queue. If the item is present in
Joins the given char array with the given separator. If the separator is null the string is
Find the bindingamp for an object type.
Initializes the compute program. This method is called when the program is created.
iftaskcompletedsuccessorfailurefromresponse - check if task is completed or failed from response
Center the list of nodes horizontally in the y - axis. The position of the
Append text to the textbody.
This method is called when the user changes the position of the selected item in the bundle.
Sets the hour and day of the month.
This method is called when the undo button is pressed. This method is called when the undo
Returns true if the device is connected using a WiFi device.
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying writer. This is called when the output stream is
Returns true if the table is empty.
Process the given file and return the result. The progress listener will be notified of the progress
Extracts the music id from a media id.
This test checks that the current thread is in the same scope as the system one.
Builds the parameters for the given method. The first parameter is the first parameter of the method
Returns true if the given cell is contained in this set.
Sets the offsetw value to a random number in the range [ 0 _num ).
Returns an array of the same size as the input long array but with null values converted to
Process the lines of a file. This method is called when a new line is received.
Initializes the lookup table.
Returns a string representation of this format.
Read the data from a data input stream.
Adjusts the indentation level by the given amount. If the delta is less than the current
Returns the number of elements in the buffer.
Read a code string token and return it as a str_token. The code string is
Returns a random string between omin and omax. If omin or omax is
test_reopen01 - open a btree with branching factor 0 and close it
Search for a file in a list of file paths that have a file with the given relative
Returns true if this context has an unsupported critical extension false otherwise.
Format the given value into the given stringbuffer. If the given value is less than the
Load configuration from JVM parameters.
Returns true if the user is authorized to perform a softsignin. If the user is
Test view alter and command cache.
Returns true if the amount of units is greater than or equal to the specified size.
Create a new element with the given tag and namespace URI and prefix.
Modifies a file by applying a function to the contents of the file and writing the result
state2. This is the main entry point for the state machine. The state machine is
Test that the list of options is valid. This is done by calling checklistoptions on
Computes the lltoworld returning longitude for a given latitude and longitude.
Notifies that the size of the view has changed.
Remove the specified object from the turntablelist. This method is called when the user
Called when the end of an element is encountered. This method is called to indicate that the
Convert a buffered image into an array of RGB values.
Creates a new instance of the filesystemutils class. This is the default implementation of the filesystem
Returns the number of scheduled queuesize.
The generalnamechooser method is called when the user chooses a general name. The
Destroys the current scene. This method is called when the scene is no longer needed.
Add a limitmitrejoin segment to the linesegment. The limitmitrejoin segment
Discard non - base64 bytes from the input byte array.
The following methods are very similar to multiplicationdiffscaleposneg but the result is
Limit the lease duration to be less than or equal to the given limit. If the lease
Returns the cookie path from the given path. If the path is null returns the original string
Formats a simple decimal value as a string.
Abstract category item label generator. This method should be overridden by subclasses in order to customize the
Make a unique identifier from the given SNMP OID.
Put the attribute values into the cache for later retrieval.
Reads the grant entries from the input stream and stores them in the grantentries attribute.
Inject the intovolume information container into the volumeinformation map.
Remove the recyclerview from the recyclerview pool.
Load an ARFF file into the ARFF sorted table. If the filename is the same
Returns a gzip inputstream if the input stream supports it. If it does not support it
Returns the hash code of this object.
Creates a new prefix query. The prefix length must be a multiple of _num bytes.
Create a subject object for the given amidentity object.
Expands the vector at the given index with the given number of elements filled with the given
Add the command line parameters to the list of command line parameters.
Load a hex image into the boardview and track it in the hextileset.
Triangulates the given pointset.
Encodes the given byte array into a base64url - encoded string.
Writes a java fieldspec to the specified document.
Read an object from an object inputstream.
Parse the RDF data from the given reader and store the result in this object.
Removes the destination statement from the given text.
Adds escape sequences to the given string and returns the result as a new string.
Add a file to the list of files to be processed.
Inserts a new item at the specified rowindex in the table at the specified rowindex.
Updates the min and max values from the given collection of integers. This method is deprecated.
Returns a buffer containing the major version of the file. The buffer will be filled with the
Creates an index request with the given source. The source is encoded as a byte array.
Creates a signature for the given digest. This is the same as the digestinfopre
Set the value of the If - Modified - Since header of the outgoing request.
Creates a temporary journal file and returns the absolute path to the file.
Creates a new instance of the given class with the given dimensions.
Plays the given animators together with the current animation.
Print an error message to the log. If the exception is an abort exception the verbose level
Returns a string representation of the request statistics. This is useful for debugging and debugging purposes.
Applies the L1 regulation to the input vector x. The L1 regulation is
This method is called when a key is pressed. It adds the keycode to the list
Similar to slurpurl except that it returns null if there is an exception.
Load all the move participants from the FG move extensions and return them as an array.
Determine the preference vector for a given set of neighbor ids.
Paint the arrow disabled state.
flipbitnegativeinside1 tests that flip bit negative inside 1 is the same as flipbit
This method is called when a user is received from the client. It is called by the
Returns true if there is a next event in the queue.
Extract the XMP meta data from an inputstream.
Initializes the given validator with the given client. If the client is null the global validator is
Crossover this bayesnetrepresentation with another bayesnetrepresentation.
Resets the state to the initial state and resets the enginereset to the initial state
Create a user - defined perspective with the given name and show it if show is true.
Calculate the phred of the given error. The error is assumed to be in the range
Returns a string representation of the given class descriptor.
Returns the base64 encoded string representation of this object.
Throws an exception if the current token is not of the given type.
update 3. This is a test method. It uses the update statement to update the table
Sets the value of _num to null in the prepared statement.
Returns true if the given type can be assigned to this instance from the given type.
Insert the chqbounce penalty into the demanddetail.
Read the sample info from the buffer.
This method is called when a maintenance operation is received from the peer. This method is called
Time the given callable with the current time and update the duration. If the callable throws an
Checks if the given bytecodeversion is a post - JDK 7 version.
Adds a mapping request for the given index template type and source objects to the request.
Finds a template in the given path and returns an inputstream that can be used to render
Initialize the cache with the contents of the cache directory. This method is called when the cache
Adds a circular progress view listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a circular progress
This is the main thread of the sitestatuscheck thread. It sets up the url
Renders this glyph to the given graphics2d object with the given scaling and or form glyph
Returns a copy of the current retained variables and replaces the given list with the given list.
Release the resources held by this thread pool. This method is called when the thread pool is
Delete all tables from the database.
Find a petcategory by it s uuid.
Mark the given default session token as removed for the given site.
Exchange the given request with the given origin with the given request.
Computes the alpha value of a card. The alpha value is clamped to be within the
Convert unix timestamp to filetime.
Encrypts plaintext with secretkeys using the specified encoding. The ciphertext is encrypted using the specified
Remove an address from the list of addresses.
Sets the dimensions of this widget based on the given measurespec.
Fire an end element trace event.
Verify that the migratefromproducthome is the same as the current working directory and that the
Get the history as an array of spanned HTML strings.
Formats the given message with the given arguments.
Insert the prosody settings into the utterance if they are not already there.
Creates a folder in the given path. If the folder does not exist it will be created
Update the translation matrix after a rotation. This method is called after a rotation has been performed
Creates a character sequence that can be used to display the ticker text.
Adds a protocol type to the set if it does not already exist.
Returns a string representation of this list.
Adds the given key to the table.
Load configuration from a resource.
Writes a log message to the log file. If filename linenumber method tag and level are
Draw the chart vertically.
Construct a public key from an encoded key and an encoded key algorithm.
Count the number of hits that match the given query.
Returns true if the expression is on the left side of the given operator and false otherwise.
Adds a header with the given name and value. If the header already exists it will be
Returns the maximum value of this sequence according to the given comparator.
Writes a single line of text to the output stream. This method does nothing if the output
Test write correctrejection empty record.
Commits the current state of the interval manager. This method is called when the interval manager is
the update query is the same as the select query but the update is the same as the
Extracts an indentation string from the given line. If the line is longer than the indentwidth
Returns the full path of the given filename. If the filename does not start with a prefix
Add the filename if the status line matches the x and y character.
divideoundhalfdownneg2 - > round_half_down - > round_
Encodes the given plain string using the given character set and returns the encoded string.
Slide the panel up or down. If the panel is not shown this method does nothing.
Adds one or more idraweritems to the drawer.
Returns true if the logger is at level finest.
Reset the state of the iterator to its initial state. This is called when the iterator is
Convert radians to sine.
This method is called when an openstegoexception is thrown. This method returns null
Create a makerelated sessionid from an encrypted sessionid and a prototype sessionid
Create a cardinal path from a set of points starting at a given point.
Returns true if this sequence matches the given sequence.
Compares two comparable objects. Null values are considered to be less than or equal to zero.
Check if root by superuser. apk exists.
Returns the addexpression of the given expression. The expression is assumed to be an expression
Perform a synchronous task on the rest of the iterator. If the iterator is exhausted the task
Finds the component with the given name in the given container. If no component with the given
Returns true if the given classtemplate is a fingerprint of this class.
Write a float field.
Extract the column keys from the given line.
Draws the RHOMBUS polygon at the specified coordinates with the specified fill color and
Converts a list of byte buffers into a list of byte arrays.
Instantiates a new instance of the given classname using the given sibling s classloader.
Generates a new derived key from the password and the salt.
Test system run finalization returnsevenifqueueisnonempty.
Shows the status bar. This method is called when the status bar is to be displayed.
Computes the width of the given string in the given fontmetrics.
Checks if an accessibility event is a passessanity event.
This method is called when an action is performed. It is called when an action is performed
Returns the string representation of the given date object.
DatasourceMetadata is the data source metadata. It is the name of the datasource the properties
Create an email field from a string.
This method is used to perform an address lookup on the server. It is used by the
Add a changelistener to be notified when changes are made to the database.
Sets the value of the permission for a specific node.
Sets the rowspan and colspan of this cell.
Open a new XML element with the given name.
Format the message using the specified format string.
Returns true if this interval is equal to the given interval.
Returns a relative URL with the given base URL and the given relative URL. The base URL
Start the task. This method must be called at the beginning of the task.
Create a new index for the given store and checkpoint. This is the default implementation of the
Close the plog stream and log it to the logger. If the plog stream is
Look for the first consonant in the first consonants. If not found set str
This method initializes the buddypanel controller.
Execute javac on the specified file and return the test result or false if something went wrong
Pauses the current thread and returns true if it was interrupted by the current thread.
Returns a list of all platforms that are gpupowered.
Add an actionrequesthelper to the list of dependencies that this actionhelper depends on.
Returns true if the given object is a date.
Converts a configuration object into an XML string. If prettyxml is true the output will be
Build the quadrilateral list from the given points.
Heapifyup inserts the given element at the given position in the two - heap.
Insert a new key - value pair into the trie.
Unlocks the thread and releases all resources associated with this thread. This method should be called
Returns true if the file extension is a subformat of this format.
Writes the constant pool to the given outputstream.
Initializes the given properties with the given default values. If the reset parameter is true the default
Adds a network listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the network changes.
Append the content prefix of the given request to the given appendable.
Adds an error listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an error occurs.
Validates that the given classname is a valid Java class name.
Imports the base types for the given moduleid into the base types table for the given module
Read a matrix from a node.
Record a file system operation in the audit log. This method is called when a file system
This method is called when a token exception is thrown. This method is called when a token
The dexaminessl class. This is the main entry point for the dex
Returns the list of dynamic VM arguments that should be passed to the Java program.
Normalizes the given number replacing the number s length with the normalized number s length.
Get the vector at the given index.
Remove an organization configuration. If groupname is null the default groupname is used. If checkleg
Remove a grouplistener from the list of listeners.
Sets the changelog mapping for the given source taskname and changelogpartitionnumber.
Extracts the key from the given name. If the name does not contain the key null is
Returns the spacing between the current motion event and the target motion event.
Transforms a string map into a string map of the specified key and value types.
Initialize the component manager with the given generalseeds. The generalseeds must be a
Removes all observers from the list of observers.
Unsynchronizes the frames in the input byte array. The input byte array must be
Calculates the encryption key for a given user password. The encryption key is calculated based on the
Log a message to the given logger. The message will be logged to the given logger if
Unzips a gzipped byte array into a byte array.
Inserts an item into the combo box. If the item already exists in the combo box it
Wait for a coroutine to exit and return the object that will be returned by the coroutine.
Returns true if there is an error in the last line of the output. If there is
Returns a JSON string representation of a number. If the number is negative_zero returns the
converts a string to a hashmap with the name and value as the key and the
Returns a set of all the keys in the map.
This method is called when the stream is started. This method is called when the stream is
Sets the propagation stack and timeout for the current thread. This method is called when the current
Sets the eclipsec file to be used for the nativerunner.
Returns the indent string for the given height.
Reduce the given calendar by adding the number of milliseconds minute and hour of day to the given
Surround a string with a prefix and suffix if it does not already exist.
Returns the first coordinate that is not in the given list of points or null if it is
Trim or pad a string to a certain length. If the input string is longer than the
Scheduletotimerpool. This method is called when the timer pool is active.
Decrypts the given input with the specified keylen and returns the resulting cipher parameters.
Log the operating system information to the logger.
This method is called at the beginning of each value in the JSON stream. It is called
Generates a hash from the given input string. If the input string is empty returns null.
Generate a generatetransportzonenative GUID for a given transport type dev
Add a servlet with a name and a JSP file.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object s value.
Log an error with a specific message and throwable.
Remove a siptransactioneventlistener from the list of event listeners.
Creates a new executionsystem with the given uri and environment variables.
Returns true if the given element type is a command token or a case command.
Sends an xtracereport report to the client.
Returns true if the given string starts with the concatenation of the given strings.
This test tests that the data types are ordered by datatype. The data types are ordered by
Called when a mouse button is clicked on the map. This method is called by the map
Format the given values as a SQL string.
Paints the top edge of the border.
analyze allitandwriteresults.
Executes an SQL UPDATE statement and returns the number of affected rows.
Returns the current time in milliseconds since the last call to system. currenttimememillis
Create a new entry from a list of LDIF lines.
Remove all parser highlights from the textarea and repaint the textarea if necessary.
Reads a short from the input stream.
Formats the given value into the given buffer starting at the given offset and length. If the
Append a char array to the end of the buffer.
check if the user has permission to access the orderheader
Returns true if this class is an annotation or not.
Returns true if this basicblock is equivalent to the given one.
Calculates the checksum of the compile_checksum field of this compile_task. This is the
Returns true if this field is a longlabel field false otherwise.
Create a secretblock with the given x y and w. r. t. a y
Installs a new view with the given file path. If the file does not exist or
Create a list of items to be inserted into the tree.
Read the outline file metadata from the specified PDF file object.
Returns the un - decoded un - length of the given key. The decoder un - length
Convert an inputstream to a byte array.
Add a global parameter constraint that will be applied only if the parameter has a duplicate value.
Inflate the overlay with the given configstring.
Calculates a brute force revocation hash for the given seed and target. If the target is
Load the class using the specified classloader. This is a fancy loader that can be used to
Returns true if the given resource has been modified since the last time this method was called.
Flips the contents of the backbuffer.
Load the value of this attribute from a string.
Returns a map of all namespaces of the given soapelement.
Draw the hook on the given canvas. The hook will be drawn on the given canvas.
Compress the given bitmap to a byte array using the given compression format and quality.
This method is called when the continuebuttonactionperformed button is pressed.
Flushes the data in the header of the specified node. This method is called by the
Reset the display cache to its initial state. This method is called when the display cache is
Copy all files in the source directory to the dest directory. If the destination is a directory
Rebuilds the mjournal file.
Write the recording data to a log file. The log file will be created if it does
Parses the given string and returns a list of all the commands that need to be executed.
Returns an enumeration of the options contained in this option list.
This method is called when the connection is about to be closed. It is called by the
This method is called when a request is received from the client. It is called by the
testconstructorbytesnegative2. This test fails if _num is negative and _str is
Format a double value using the default decimal format if one is available.
Removes a collection of items from the data collection. The positions are sorted in ascending order.
Reset the bounds of the roundrectangle2d. double to match the current shape.
Attempts to get a colour from a string. If the string cannot be converted to a colour
Returns the number of elements in the matrix.
Execute a random variable modification on a modifiable variable holder. The field of the modifiable
Saves the content to the given file. If the file already exists it will be overwritten.
Delete the old temp files in the given filecfg.
Flushes the code buffer to the pool. This method is called when the code buffer is
Create a buffered image from JPEG data.
Despawn the specified visibleobject.
Returns the event topic for the given eventid. If no eventid is given the event
Returns the matchresult of the current state of the matcher. If the match was successful the
Create a project constraint from a zip file. This method will create a constraintset for each
Decodes the given string using the default charset.
Copy the original block to a new extent. The new extent will be the same as the
Returns the class loader of the calling class or null if the caller has no class loader.
Helper method to set the dashpatheffect based on the pathstyle string and the offset.
Returns the toradians of a color in colortohsv direction.
Parse the old bounded size.
Adds an encoded query parameter to the query string.
Create an image link.
Creates a new namespace with the given creator qualifier owner and users. If users is not null
Decrement and get the current int value and return the new value.
Update the bubble at the given time. The bubble will be drawn at the given time.
Removes all elements from the array.
This method locks the put and takelock to ensure that the put and tak
Removes all entries from the cache.
Update podcast publication date and last episode media url.
Remove all our uis from our internal map.
Make this object immutable. This is a no - op if this object is already immutable.
Performs a precomputed knn query on the given database using the given distance query and k.
Adjusts the positions in the given set to be between the startposition and the endposition
Appends the given ID to the given buffer.
Creates an available migration for the given version.
Parse a comment from the given string. The comment will be added to the end of the
Draw an image to the surface. The image is transformed according to the given transformation matrix.
Called when the user opens the display. This method is called when the user opens the display
Selects all elements in the sel_array.
Adds a raw parameter to the NvBuilder.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Reads an unsigned integer from the stream.
Returns a list of country options for the given shop and addresstype.
Adds a pauselistener to the animation. The listener will be called when the animation
Make this object immutable.
Adds a component to the list of components.
Opens the given URL and returns a uiresult object that can be used to display the result
Invalidates a line in the text area.
Draw a byte - banded raster in the specified sample model at the specified origin.
Initializes the values of this URI with the values from the given other URI.
Removes and returns the last element in the list. If the list is empty returns null.
Check if a refresh notification is registered for a given client and notification type.
Reads the output of a process into a collection of strings.
Fills the header and the footer of the given datamodel.
Adds an operand to the list of operands.
Calculate the total collected amount of a BillReceipt. This is the sum of all
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position. If the number of bytes is
Remove all the IMs from the list of IMs. This is useful when you want
Escapes a string so that it can be used as an ASCII string.
Copy the contents of the given reader into this object.
Clear the dictionary cache.
Generate a totypestring from an array of objects.
Renames oldfile to newfile. If the oldfile does not exist it is created
Executes a camera command. The command is executed asynchronously. If the camera is already running the
Returns a set of kindnames for the given kind.
Returns the number of characters in the text.
Serializes the given parameter map into a string that can be sent back to the client.
Populate the combos for the activity. This method is called when the activity is about to
Returns the JSON encoding for the given mediatype and HTTP headers.
Converts an image to an image of the same type. If the image is of the same
Returns the start time of the timer. This is the time when the timer is started.
Moves to the next view in the list.
Returns true if the given string is a sign or not. If the string is not a
Simulate a method. This method is called when a method is called on a class or
caches the given method to the cache.
Checks that _num is set to a non - zero value and that it is positive.
Destroy all passivationcapable beans in the given contextmap.
Closes the output stream.
Returns the item at the given index.
Returns the width of a character in the chart if it is a string or a tabstop
Creates a directory if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t exist it will be
Initializes the GTS encoder with the given basetimestamp. The GTS encoder does not
Encodes an array of coordinates into a string.
Extracts the weight values from the list of synapses and stores them in the weights array.
Close the connection. Flushes the buffer and closes the underlying connection if it is open.
Returns true if this hash set contains all of the hashes in the given list.
Ensure that the buffer is at least enough to hold the specified number of bytes.
Returns true if the given phone number is a valid phone number within this region.
Trims the URL from the end of the string if it ends with the number suffix.
Returns the next key and a list of the classes in the classification block. If an exception
Adds an alpha value to a color string. The alpha value will be rounded to the nearest
Stops the server and releases all resources associated with it. This method is called when the server
Copy the intolocal state from the current state to the local state.
Attempt to read a response message from the socket.
Add an element to the queue. If the queue is full the method blocks until the queue
Gets the translatable component.
Adds a part at the given index.
Inserts the string at the given index. If the index is greater than the length of the
Returns true if this rule has the given nature and weapon.
Dumps the current state of the state machine to a string.
Opens the connection to the server. This method is called when the connection to the server is
Returns the first conversion that can be applied to the target type from the source type.
Advance an api to the time before the given time. If the time is after the
Update userroles.
Sends the request option to the server and waits for the response to be read.
Run the doconcurrentclienttest against the given properties.
Adds a resource to the list of resources to be deleted. If the list is full the
Returns the maximum of two numbers.
Adds a new container to the container list.
Overrides the super method to write the approximation to the specified output stream.
Adds a new method call to the chain.
Get the current request.
Creates a hash from the given password.
Schedule the commercial action.
Returns the hash code of this matrix. The hash code is the same as the hash code
Unsubscribes a message from a topic. If the unsubscribequeue size is greater than
Returns true if the operating system is a digital UNIX system.
Disconnects from the server and kills the keepalive.
Returns true if this name ends with the given name. If the name is a compoundname
Calculates the total height of the star based on the size of the star and the number of
Returns true if the string is a regular expression or false if the string is not a regular
Returns true if the intent is handled by one of the hasspecialized handlers.
Flush the output buffer to the output stream. The output stream will not be flushed until the
Attach the footer text to the given content. The footer text is appended to the given content
Creates a new sentence with the given connective and children. The first argument is the connect
testisstatepreserved1 This test tests whether the state of the key is preserved.
Initializes this object. This method is called when the object is initialized. This method is called
Creates a cumulative histogram from the given histogram. The histogram is sorted by the keys and the
Update the icons for a given package.
Parse the given string into a datetimedata object.
Add values to an attribute. If the attribute already exists it will be replaced with the new
Test park until 3 seconds.
Sets the commit index of this segmentmanager.
Finishes all the fragments. This is called after all the fragments have been added to the
Writes a series of UTF - 8 segments to the output stream.
Convert a hex string to a string. If the hex string cannot be converted to a string
Returns a collection of matchingscenariosandexamples for the given feature.
Rate to speed string.
Returns the next element in the stream.
Returns true if the queuesize bit is set.
Converts the given coefficient to a string. If the string ends with _str then the string
create a new indexcreatedevent with a random uuid creation status and bulk data hit.
Checks if the given value matches the given rule. If the value does not match the rule
Find the urifromdoc for a given owner.
Returns a random integer in the range [ start end ).
Add an event to the response queue. If the predicate returns true the event is added to
Generate an algorithm parameterspec from the CBC - CBC block size.
Returns true if the given character is a letter ordigit or an isocontrol
Draws the lines and points in the graph.
Add an element type.
Generate a log entry tag for the given class.
Writes a line of text to the output stream. This method does not close the stream.
Return a new URI with the scheme scheme specificpart and fragment replaced by the given fragment
Override paint to paint the outline. This method is called when the component is painted.
Write the data to a byte array and return it. The data is written to the game
Adds an import to the list of imports to be imported.
Draw a drawarrow head.
Initialize the dynamic class loader. This is called when the dynamic class loader is initialized.
Unmarshals the parameters of the given method using the given deserialization checker.
Load the data from the dataaccess service.
Creates a resource name from the given resource and locale. If removeextension is true the extension
Convert an array of objects to a string using the specified displayable renderer.
Draws the icon on the specified graphics context.
Executes the given query and returns the number of modified rows.
Resets the runtime to its initial state and clears all read properties.
Convert an image to a bufferedimage.
Returns true if the task is cancelled. Otherwise it will fail the task and return false.
Removes the given directededge from the set of outedges.
Checks if an event is generatable for the given eventname. If the eventname is
This method is called by the producer thread when a message is received from the producer thread.
Set the untildate of the query.
Returns true if the given touch position is within the range of the thumb halfwidth.
Delete all files in the base directory.
Returns true if the value of _bool can be combined with the value of _bool.
Update the timer with the given duration in the given timeunit.
Submit a task to the queue. If the queue already contains a task with the same name
Creates a new threaddistributor that can be used to distribute the current thread.
Dump the audio data to the given writer.
Add a buffered gridfield to the editor. This method is called when a gridfield is
Adds a new incomplete expansion room to the list of incomplete expansion rooms.
Compute the esired ellipsoid magnitude.
Trims the given string by replacing all occurrences of the characters in the given string with their
Validate the mandatory details of the VNX Filesmithprovider request.
Calculates the next trace.
Convert an object to a byte buffer.
Writes the bytes to the output buffer.
Create a new sensor with the given system name and username.
Returns the maximum of the two distances.
Fills the shape with the given points using the given graphics. The points are assumed to be
Write JPEG EXIF data to outputstream.
Decodes a base 256 segment from the given bitsource and appends it to the result.
Called when the user clicks on the current day of the month. This is called by the
Convert an integer to an IPv4 address byte array.
Returns true if the current template is a valid template and false if it is not.
Take an object from the queue. This method will throw an unsupported operation exception if the queue
Cumulative density function for a normal distribution.
Destroys this connection and removes it from the port s list of connections to the server.
Parse an atom. This is the main entry point for re. op_atom and re
Returns a unary operator that converts a list of UDIDs into a list of UD
Returns true if this node is connected to a network. This is a no - op if
Called when the tab is being closed. This method is called when the user clicks on the
Adds a new collection to the collection. The name is the name of the collection supported is
Sends a close packet to the server. This is called when the client closes the connection.
Replace collapsededges in the graph with the new edges of the collapsed edges.
Update the current position of the carrier based on the current position and the current position of the
Sets the rootpane and the ui that will be used to display the title of the pane
Returns a string representation of the list of items.
Write a 64 - bit unsigned integer to the stream.
Returns a list of filenames that match any of the given names in the given directories.
Returns a charset object for the given charset name or null if no charset exists with the given
Sets the number type to integer and sets the longvalue to the given integer value.
Dumps the given stack trace element to the given message.
execute a query and process all the rows in the result set. if alistener is
Generate a cachename from a synthetic name.
Override eisset to check if the condition or channel has been set for this route.
Get the name of the native library that is being used.
Returns the next matcher in the stream. If the stream is at the end of the stream
This method is called by the fragment loader thread to process all the fragments in the queue.
Adds a private field to the given class with the given name.
reconstructprivatesubrs reconstructs the privatesubrs for a file descriptor
Matches the given string and moves the cursor to the end of the string. Returns true if
Initializes the window surface and window surface components. This method should be called before any other methods
Remove all views from the stack.
Contributetoken request parameters.
Read characters from the current position in the document. The characters are read from the current position
Add the length of this line to the end of the line. If the line starts with
Merge the children of the given node with the default merge helputilities.
Test negatenegative.
Creates a new instance of the given itemtype and binds it to the given parameters.
Sets the experiment to be displayed in the simplesetuppanel.
Adds a listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an event is received.
Process the command line arguments.
Returns true if autosanzoning is required for the given virtualarray.
Initializes the XML tree from the tokens in the input stream.
Returns true if the map contains a name - value mapping for the given name.
Returns true if this string starts with the given prefix.
Returns true if a window of the given class is present in the window pool.
Fires a propertychange event for the given property name with the old and new values.
Set the fadetolayer state to transition_starting and set the state to transition
Returns a hash code for the given boolean array. If the array is null or the same
This abstractsurfaceobject is the base class of the surfaceobject. It is called by the
parsesootmethodstring parses the given string into a sootmethodandclass object.
This method is called when the mary is started. It creates the unitselection voice
Returns the index of the first character in the specified column. If the specified column is the
Decode a color string into a color object. If the color string is not a valid color
Returns a list of marymodules that are required to be processed for the given sourc
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and the given object.
Calculates the elapsed time of all garbage collectors.
Close the connection to the server. This method is called when the connection is closed.
Adds all entries in entrylist to sourcelist and returns the number of distinct entries
Start a new object with the specified number of fields. This is called when the object is
Produce a stream of events for a given topic. The stream is returned as a hashmap
Returns a string containing the specified number of characters.
Add a new connection view to the list of connections. This method blocks until the connection view
Trims characters from the beginning and end of the input character sequence. The input character sequence
Register a listener that is notified when a script has finished execution.
This method is called when the consumer has finished consuming the purchase. It is called by the
test_getbytearray. Test put byte array.
Concatenate multiple double arrays into a single double array. The resulting array will have the same
Ensure that the array is at least mincapacity. If the array is not at least min
Adds a new value to the histogram with the given category and minimum and maximum values.
Add a session number to the list of test elements to be executed. The session number is
Calculates the rotation angle in degrees between the center point and the target point.
Returns the number of characters in this sequence that match the given sequence.
Set the deltacrlindicatorextension for the given crlnum.
Log a message at the verbose level. If the verbose level is greater than or equal to
Calculate the log probability of a given number of appearance and a given mu.
Sets the tolerance for the target softwarepidcontroller.
Called when the drag drop has finished.
Write the log to the table.
Inserts a new entry into the dynamictable array at the specified index. If the entry
Extracts the secretaccesskey from the given S3 URI.
Dials a contact. If the contact information is the same as the last contact it will
Adds the given sootclass to the list of safeclasses.
Returns true if there is room in the activelist to download the requested number of downloads.
Returns true if the server is currently running or false if the server is not running.
Parse the given resource and return a hashmap of step names to step objects.
Returns a string representation of the bet.
Test that the journal is non - empty.
Check if the row is a matchether or not. If it is a matchether then
Returns the value of the power of the given value with the given power. The result is
Returns the full path to the entry for the given class. The path is relative to the
Write a posmikheevc counter to a string.
Return a map of imported annotations for the given package element.
Pastes the current element from the storage. If the mode is cut the current element
Updates the cursor to the current state. This method is called when the cursor is at the
Returns true if the given mouse event is a middle mouse button.
Adds a success message to the list of success messages.
Called when the startstopped checkbox has been changed.
Close the input stream. This method will block until the input stream is closed.
Returns the next segment sequence number in the segment list. The first segment in the list is
Assert that the parameter is a specific language string.
Returns the number of times the onblock should be exploded in the future.
Returns true if there are any threads that have been queued for reading.
Returns the number of milliseconds since the last time the timer was last set to the current time
Checks if the condition is true. If it is false an error is printed.
Adds a COS definition to the list of COS attributes. The COS attributes are
Create a sourcedataquality object from an XML element.
Return a qualified name for the given class. If the given class is annotated with the jax
Generates a JWT using the given secret JWT ID TTL iss and claims. The JWT will be
Exports the given symbols to the given names. The names are assumed to be unique within the
Returns true if the given set of fulfilling bits are set in the given set.
Add a datasourcelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a
Find the first annotation in the qualifier hierarchy and add it to the given top annotation.
Sets the state to failed and notifies all listeners.
Reads n bytes from the inputstream into buf starting at position pos.
Evaluate the correlation coefficient between two vectors. The correlation coefficient is the sum of the difference between
This method is called when the parser has finished parsing. This method is called when the parser
Cancel all buttons that are not included only.
Kills all dead entries in the list.
Create an error dialog with the given title and message.
Checks that the suffix of the index header matches the expected suffix.
Writes a tag with the given name and values. If the tag is closed the tag stack
Splits the input string into tokens and returns the first token in the input string.
Returns true if the given object is trusted according to the trustverifier context. The object is
Create a new persistentsearchrequestcontrol object with the given parameters.
Connect the sourceneurons and target neurons together into a new synapse group
Multiplies the left by the right character and returns the result as a number.
Normalizes the given character sequence so that it contains only the first non - alpha - numeric character
Add a new zonechangelistener to be notified when a new zone changes.
Write a byte to the buffer.
Sets the resource to be notified of the start of the event.
Returns this matrix as a list of all logical values in the order they appear in this matrix
Reset the schedulershook to null.
Computes the cache key for the given key. The cache key is calculated using the MD5
Records the current timestamp of the field. This is called when the field is being updated.
Tears down the assertion. If the thread is interrupted the assertion fails. If the
Parse the given string into this object. The string is expected to be in UTF - 8
Returns the default maximum radius.
Returns a copy of the contents of this buffer as a char array.
Returns the number of pending workers.
Inserts a new component at the specified index.
Unescapes the given source string using the given escape character specialcharacters and split character.
Append the message to the given path using the given inputstream. The inputstream will be
Put all entries in the given map into the hash map.
Add a new style declaration to the current mapping. If the mapping already exists it will be
Appends the given byte array to the end of this buffer. The byte array must not be
Returns true if the OJ url is the latest DSS keystore URL.
Initializes the resource bundle with the given name. If the given name is the same as the
Initialize the layergraphicwarehousesupport.
Returns true if the package name matches the java_package_convension.
Remember a socket factory for a given host. If the maximum number of hosts is reached the
Returns the next character in the input stream or the string if there are no more characters.
Doremoves the first entry in the list and returns it. If there are no
This method is called when a computetaskcancelledexception exception is thrown.
Normalizes a range of characters in the source array to a range of characters in the destination array
Remove obsolete elements from the list of names and sharedelements.
Removes an action from the list of actions to be performed on this update manager.
Returns the buffer distance error for the specified number of quads.
Read the next line and return it as a pair of the header and sequence.
Adds a character to the list of characters. The character will be converted to a jsonpr
Returns true if the given interface ID is a valid IFD.
Remove a child group from this group.
Check if the storage port exists in the database. If it does return it. Otherwise return
Append a split element to the end of the list of splits.
Set the OSM element processor for the given map builder.
Close the output stream. Flushes any buffered data and closes the underlying output stream.
Returns the directconnection associated with this request.
Appends the national number to the end of the national number. If the national number starts with
Cut all the objects in the list and delete them from the database. This method does not
Stop the Blinker. This method should be called when the Blinker is stopped
Releases the lock on the index.
Configures the command line prefix. The command line prefix is split on the command line separator.
Write the matrix t to the output stream. The output is written to the pagestream.
Tests that _str _num is a positive number and that _num is a positive number
Prepends a painter to the beginning of the chain.
Parses an operator from the given token stream. Returns null if the operator could not be parsed
Drag an object to another object. The object will be dragged to the specified number of
queue up syncs for the contactscursor. This is done by reading from the
Removes the series at the given index from the series list.
Add a glue to the specified box.
Write the result to a file.
Returns the jmx provider.
Write the blocklet infotext to a file.
Renders the given tree to the given string builder. The indent parameter specifies how to indent the
Replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression in the given stringbuffer with the given replacement string
Returns true if the characters at index ai and bi are equal in the string a and b
Adjusts the length of the backing randomaccessfile to match the length of the given buffer
Returns a list of all the subnets in the given list ordered by the number of pins.
Create the JS method invocation expression.
This method is called when the user clicks on the button. It is called when the user
Returns a serializable representation of this node.
Execute the generated droptables queries.
Create a new segment from a segmentdescriptor.
Checks if a person with the given email address exists in the list of people.
Returns the maximum of a and b ignoring any nan values.
Add a block to the list of writenindexblks for a Crabdowndir
removereferencetoconnection removes the given connection from the connection source.
Returns true if the next character in the queue matches a letter ordigit.
Vacuums the environment.
Generate the given class definition in the given directory. If the class is not found an error
Add an addon long - click listener to the base viewholder.
Remove a creaturerespawnpoint.
Read a photo from a GSSHAPY file and store it in a local file.
Reads an unsigned long from the given byte array.
This method is called when a unicode escape sequence is encountered. It reads the unicode escape sequence
Override mouseentered to call the delegate s mousemoved method.
Remove formatting characters from a string.
negposfirstshorter test.
Prints the chargelog to standard output.
Returns true if the node is empty.
Write the most recent medtronicsensorrecord to a CSV file.
Create an organization configuration.
Delete the specified authentication domain from the specified realm. If the domain does not exist it will
Add a sourcecoderemarkon element to the test suite.
This method is called before an event is pre - modified. This method is called by the
Save the document to the database asynchronously. The callback will be called when the operation is complete
Returns true if the mark is supported by the underlying stream and false otherwise.
Resolve the name of the parent relation.
Create a new byte array with the given number of rows filled with the given default value.
Convert a SELECT expression to a REL node.
Execute a function in the context of the file at the given filepath with the given context.
xerceshtml2documentbuilderfactory - XERCESHTML2DOCUMENTBUIL
Formats the sample rate in the format specified by the samplerate parameter.
Returns true if the connection has been closed or false if it has already been closed.
Starts a new thread in the background. This method should only be called from the main thread
Create a new typesimplifier. This is the main entry point for the typesimplifier
Escapes the given byte array and returns the resulting byte array. The byte array must not contain
Returns the native name of the property.
Convert a DOM tree into a string.
Send a clientformembers command to one or more servers. The clientformembers
Convert a string to a boolean value.
Returns true if there are no more work in the work queue.
Sets the seed for the current hash.
Generate the class file.
Returns true if the compactfontformat argument is set. If the value is null then the
Main entry point for the generatortester script.
If the feature starts with _str or starts with _str replace it with _str.
Calculate the height of the demotext in pixels. This is the height of the text
Check if the server is shutting down. If so throw a rejectedexecutionexception
checkqueuefordependenciesandexecuteunblockedtasks - check queue for threads that are
Call a method of the given object with the given arguments returning the value of the method.
Fire an indexed propertychange event for the given property name and index.
Remove all active locoicons from the marker image.
captures the next token in the input stream and returns it as a preparsed token
Returns a string representation of the given long value.
testparseclienthandshake. This test parses a clienthandshake request and verifies that the
Test for the existence of a character in a document.
Checks that the given value is a valid frame value. If it is it is added to
Create a template from a string.
Returns true if the custom area should take focus based on the style of the custom area.
Initializes the certificate with the given private key.
Returns a map of zones that match the given list of initiators and list of storage
Returns true if the given filename has one of the given extensions. If no extensions are given
Writes the jar post - resource attribute to the given element.
Closes the underlying file and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Set the typedeventlistener that will be called when an event is received.
Returns a list of all child nodes of the given node. If the node is an element
Set the job context to be executed. The job context must be a valid job context.
Returns the log - likelihood of the number of times a given number of times a given number
Adds a sootmethod to this class. The method must be declared in this class.
Adds the replication factor to the given operation.
Get the initial splash image from the chosensplash url and show it.
This method decodes the suffix of the input stream.
Add a SIPServerTransaction to the list of SIPServerTransactions that will be
Returns the spacing between the current position and the given motion event.
Returns true if the given method is a member of this class.
Sets the target and source queue names for the tag mapping. The target queue names will be
Select the attribute set instance.
Makes sure that the savefile is open and if not opens a new file output stream.
Test that the canonicalizing cache is the same as the most recent committed record in the journal
Print an object to the standard output stream.
Stops the timer and runs the given runnable. If the timer is already running it will be
Reads the next number of bytes from the inputstream into the given buffer. The number is
generates a graphfile from the transmeta object and writes it to the given file.
Close an outputstream.
Add a propertychangelistener to the context.
Returns true if the timer is in the past and false if it is out of date.
Load the user info into the action bar.
Get the direction of the arrow key.
Initialize the tracegraph with a collection of spans.
Returns true if the entity is persistent.
Converts a string representation of a date into a java. util. date object.
Called when a mesos failure occurs during the execution of a task. If the task is
Finds a config file in the current working directory.
Attempts to add a word to the list of words. If the list is full the word
Called when the user clicks on a preference. This method is called when the user clicks on
Read the WWW - Authenticate header.
Returns the string representation of the given boolean value or null if the boolean value is null.
Sends all the data in the buffer to the destination and receives all the messages in the buffer
Adds a live flag to the query string.
Convert a URI to a string using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the key exists in the map. If the key does not exist returns false
Allocates a new line and column for a new line and column. The line and column
Draw an image using the given affinetransform and image observer.
Parse an integer from the given character array starting at the given offset and ending at the given
Initialize the activity monitor window. This method is called when the user clicks on an activity.
Returns the extremed and extremed positions of a great circle given a location and an azimuth
Initializes a checkbox preference.
Paint the checkmark enabled and selected state.
Returns the index of the first non - name character after the first non - name character.
Write a line of text to a temporary file. If the file does not exist it will
Reload all the files in the mediascanner with the given error message.
Creates a new DNS record with the specified name type recordclass unique and TTL.
Creates a block of text from a stream of strings.
Add a contentspectoelement to the current contentspecindex.
Grows the spine by _num elements and inserts the objects into the spine array
Try to reconnect to the server. If the server is not open log an error message.
Returns an unmodifiable collection of the gridportrecords.
Returns a string representation of the buffer.
Returns true if the variable has a change event with the given name.
reset all xml11 components to their initial state.
Returns the distance between this circle and the specified circle.
Adds a simple command to the command line. The command will be executed in the context of
Grows the size of the vector by the given number of elements. The size of the
Converttoly - case the given string to lower - case using the given table
The pickinggraphmouseplugin is a class that implements the pickinggraphmouseplugin interface
Perform a breadth - first search using the breadth - first search algorithm.
Sets the view to be rendered with the given type and priority. The view will be rendered
Checks that the given argument number is a valid number of arguments. If the argument number is
Send a multicast multicast message to the server. This method is called when a multicast message is
Sets the drawing attributes for this node. This method is called when the node is drawn.
Closes the scanner and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the scanner
Create the policy tree for the given org. If the org does not exist create it.
Rollback method for creating a snapshot.
Convert a string to a number of seconds. If the string ends in _str then the
Detaches an activity from the attrviewmaps.
Read the settings from the preferences file.
Adds the given downloadinforunnable object to the activelist. If the activelist
addexprtotla addexprtotla a tlaexpr and a tla
Checks if the given hunk is an uppercase camelcase hunk. If the hunk
Sets the type of the string. The string must be a valid UTF - 8 string.
Returns true if this expression provides an identifier otherwise returns false. If the expression provides an identifier
removeredundantaffix removes the _num - th element from strlist if it
Returns a random int with the given number of random values.
This method is called when the resume button is pressed. It is called when the resume button
Stores the current time in milliseconds since the last time it was used.
Returns true if the given child element can contain the given top element at the given index.
Extract an array of arcs from an ASN. 1 object identifier.
Checks that there are no duplicate ids in the message.
Update the statistics for a conditional density estimator. The conditional density estimator is used to compute the
Returns true if the given file should be included in the filter set.
This testcase is a bit of a hack. It is a bit of a hack.
Called when a new connection is ready to be polled.
Increments the access count by one and increases the counter by one.
Returns true if a and b are considered equal. NaNs are considered equal if they are
Convert a bitmap to a byte array using a PNG compression.
Configures the coercive parsing dialog.
Returns the logarithm of a number in a given base.
- - - - - - - - i a u f 6 - - - - -
Creates a new filesaverdescriptor with the given title description and extensions.
Read a block of data from the input stream.
Adds a run to the list of runs. The run s id will be set to the
Copies the iconverters into the given converter array.
Adds a new outputsensor to the sensor list. If the sensor already exists it will be
Initializes this buffer with the given channel. This method is called when the buffer is ready to
Resets the state of the player to its initial state. This is called when the player is
If the value is present invoke the consumer with it. If the value is not null invoke
Sends the specified intensity to the device. The intensity is rounded to the nearest multiple of the
Read a float value from the input stream.
Set the scheduler for the glow server. This is called when the glow server is
fill with integer. max_value and fill with 0... _num - 1... _
Calculates the width of the items layout based on the given widthsize and mode.
Deletes the directory and all of its contents.
Execute the psimodifier on the given psielement and add it to the resultlist
Writes a set of characters to the output stream. The output stream will be closed after this
Converts an ISO 8601 duration into a human readable string.
Sends a text message to a group chat. The message is sent to a group chat.
Returns the string representation of the value.
Remove a TCPServerThread from the list of running threads.
The docknodeeventhandler will be called when the docknodeevent is triggered.
Returns the number of characters to log from the source string. If the string cannot be parsed
Delete the current license fileondisk if it exists.
Returns the test network parameters.
This method will be called when the thread is running. This method will block until the thread
Read data from a data input stream.
Update the bounds of the fastscroller based on the current scroll view and the last touch
Dnetscapecapolicy url dialog.
Creates a directory with the given name under the given parent path. If the directory does not
Returns true if the operating system is Windows 8.
Returns a set of all functions that are used in the given units. The returned set is
Adds items from startindex to endindex in the list of values.
Returns a list of no - proxy objects. This list is thread - safe and may be
Adds a list of includes to the compiler. The includes are added to linker_more and
Adds a new value to the specified group.
Tally a VCF record using the names of the VCF files in the VCF header.
Reads bytes from the input stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and length
Read a list of LDIF entries from one or more LDIF lines.
Update the presoninfo of this person.
Removes the map at the specified position. If the position is greater than or equal to the
Presents the licenses to the user. If preaccept is true the licenses will be accepted
Add a geokey to the table.
Detects a set of time intervals in a set of time intervals using the BSAX
Debug dumps the list of candidates to the given string builder.
Writes an array of boolean values to an XML stream.
Adds an outbound rule to the list of outbound rules. The outbound rule is added to the
Sets the skype username and password.
Called when a drag has been stopped.
Adds the given flags to the current layout flags. The new flags are applied to the current
Returns the alias of the given certificate in the given keystore or null if not found.
Purges up to amounttopurge articles from the database. The amounttopurge
Reclaim all the views in this layout and add them to the given list of views.
This method is called when a proxy verifier is received from a remote server. The proxy verifier
Override paint to apply the current translation to the graphics context. This method is called by the
This method is called before the next key in the JSON object. It is called by the
Transfers data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Test that the file directory is the same as the properties in the properties file.
Add two long values and throw an exception if they are not.
Serialize a compact rdfgeneralqualifier.
Adds a checkbox to the given container. The checkbox will be placed at the left of the
Push the current graphics state onto the stack.
Drops an index from a table in the given schema.
Returns the element at the current position in the list or null if the list is empty.
Adds a new iaudioprocessor to the processor pool and returns the index of
Add a data chunk to the script at the given index. The data must be of the
Initializes the comparator based on the configuration parameters.
Deletes the last free poolentry from the pool. If there is no free poolentry then
converts an integer into a string in the form of a tenssthanoneth
Returns true if the given URI is an isembedded base64 image.
Changes the state of the channel. If the channel is already in the state then nothing happens
Returns the number of characters in the link label or - 1 if there is no link label
Read a file as a string. The file is assumed to be relative to the working directory
This method is called when an exception is thrown. This method is called when an exception is
Check if the license is allowed to access this resource. If not call the callback with the
Closes the file stream. This method is called when the file stream is closed. This method
Select an operator from the list of operators. This method is used to select a random operator
Split a string into a list of strings using the delimiters specified in the constructor.
Converts a boolean array to a string.
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a bytebuffer.
Clear all the buttons in this button list.
Returns a brighter version of the given color.
Shuts down the network thread pool. This method should be called when the network thread pool
This method is called when a message is received from the serial port. The message is converted
Called when the transfer is complete. This method is called when the transfer is complete.
Writes a golomb value to the stream. The golomb value will be written
Adds a force to the list of force objects. If the force is an item force then
Convert a number to a metricvalue.
Returns true if the given sequence overlaps with the given range of start and end.
Sets the k1 and b parameters of the OkAPIBM - 25 model.
This method is called before any other method is called. It is called before any other method
Returns true if the server is configured.
Converts a delimited list of strings to an array of strings. The input string is assumed to
Read a byte array from the file at the given offset and length. The offset and length
This method is called when a fatal error occurs. It is called by the JNI
Creates a backup of the given file in the given directory. If the given file already exists
Pushes a pair of values onto the end of the list.
removes the data storage from the backup directory.
Append the labels to the container config.
Read only gamesettings. This is used for testing purposes only.
Delete a set of users from the server.
Returns true if the given file matches any of the wildcard patterns.
removeregion removes a region from the list of regions.
Close an inputstream without throwing an exception if it fails to close the inputstream.
Override startelement to set the requestid attribute if the element name is the same as the
Stop the selector thread and close all open connections. If the selector thread is the current thread
Set the temporary storage directory.
Calculates the width of the item in the plot.
Start the camera preview thread. This method must be called before any other calls to this method
Add a breakpoint listener that will be notified when a new breakpoint is detected.
Paints this rectangle with the given graphics context. This method is called by the graphics context
Release all waiters that are waiting for a given phase.
Converts a string to a dateformat object.
Prints the stacktrace of the throwable. If the throwable is wrapped in a throwable that is wrapped
Visits a typeelement. This scans the type parameters of the typeelement and then calls the
Write the string to the output buffer. If multipush is true the output buffer will be
Returns the Poisson log - likelihood of the given value.
Find the next expression in the expression tree and return it. If no expression is found return
Put a stored client channel into the channel pool. This method is called when a channel is
Delete all files in a directory.
Pipe an inputstream to an outputstream. The outputstream will be closed after this method
Release any resources held by the MDC.
Removes all leading characters from the beginning of the string.
Returns the next element in the queue or null if there are no more elements available.
Schedule an action to be executed when the current thread times out. If the current thread is
Submits a processanddisplayimagetask to the executor.
Adds an attribute selector to the attributeselection vector. If the selector already has an attribute
Create a new leftover byte array and set the current position to - _num.
Samples the next action value from the distribution.
This method is called when a channel is closed. It decrements the number of active connections
Configures the headless simulation mode.
Returns true if the given window id is the next window id.
Returns true if the given class is visible in the given classloader.
Remove the given event from the Zookeeper. If the event doesn t exist it will be
Initialize the builder with the given serviceschema model and set of attributeschemas.
Returns true if the name matches the given argument. If allowabbr is true the argument is
Adds all elements in the array to the list.
Remove the given supercardtoast from the list of supercardtoasts.
Parse the header and data and assert that the header and data are in the correct format.
Generate a secret key from a password and a salt.
Partially escape the assertion value. The assertion value must be of the form _str or
Remove the view at the given childindex from the given parent viewgroup.
Returns true if the given prefix is already declared in the current context.
Adds the agent to the environment and then calls the env s step method. If an exception
Calculates the physical status of the attack.
Sets the vertex processor.
Releases a reference to the current state. If the current state is busy the method returns immediately
validatereplicaavailability - checks if the slice is valid at the given replica count.
The default implementation of the asclass method. This is the default implementation of the asclass
Returns the partitionspectoname of the given map.
Convert the given character sequence to an inputstream with the given encoding.
Test for the end of the search after finding a hit. This is done after finding a
Delete the cheque with the given id from the chequerepository and photorepository
Returns the partial correlation between the submatrix and this submatrix.
Adds a column to the table with the given name and expression. If an error occurs during
Add a duration to the put and get timenanos and then call the delegate.
Checks whether the given value is within the range of _num and if so returns it.
Parse a cell string and return the value of the specified layout constant.
Fires a pseudopropertychange event for the given property name.
Run a command in the given directory and return the output as a string. If the command
Returns the selectable channel.
Test constructor iiiiiiii.
Convert a bytearraytag to a string.
Add the chooser filters to the jfilechooser.
Get the value of a key in the Windows registry. If the value does not exist then
Parse a date from the FC822 format into a java. util. datetime object.
Validate the given shapesgraphuri against the given dataset and return a model of the results.
Adds an annotation to the page.
Finds the preferred provider id for the given realm and request. If the request is null or
Check and create a directory if it doesn t exist. If it doesn t exist it will
Asserts that this subscriber s values match the given consumers.
Returns true if the journal needs to be rebuilt. This method is used to determine if
Writes a float value to the output stream.
Extract a register from a translation environment and return it as a translationresult.
This method is called when a login attempt fails. This method is called when the user logs
Builds the interceptor array for the given method. The interceptor array will be null if the method
Remove all phases of the IR that conforms to the PHI of the IR.
Counts the number of times the given token is found in the target string.
Initializes the coveragemap from the list of tests.
Build the interceptor array for the given resource class and method. The interceptor array will be cleared
Check if the footprint is a valid GML footprint.
The main method of this class. Takes the prebuffer and postbuffer from the command line
Quantile function of the Gammadistribution distribution.
Creates a new cipherparameters object from the given pbekey and algorithmparameterspec.
Initializes the orion editor with the given configuration and code assistant factory and quickassist.
Puts a byte into the memory at the given offset.
Adds a validation error to the list of errors that occurred during the validation process.
Parse the given option setting string into the given map of option names to values.
Generates a new client credentials using the given salt identity and password. The client credentials are generated
Build the dictionary and store it in the given storedir. If the storedir is set
Start the guidedtour from the given JSON string.
Run a random test for a given word length byte padding and number of words.
Adds a new listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an event is received
Clamp the magnitude of a value to be between a minimum and a maximum.
This method is called when the user clicks on a plot. It is called when the user
Adjusts the bytecode index of the given instruction if it is forosrspecialization.
Returns the string representation of this object.
Interposes a range of length len into a range of length len starting at the specified offset
Creates a temporary directory with the given prefix. If the directory already exists it will be overwritten
Synchronize all the authdata for the current user in a thread - safe manner.
Create an element in the encryptionspace. The element will be added to the document
Iterate over the active views and remove them from the active views array. The active views are
Draw the winding line.
Returns true if the proxy settings have been set in the given properties object.
Returns true if the value is equal to the default value.
Parse a string into a map of key - value pairs using the default key and value separators
Called when the size of the view has changed. This is called when the size of the
Add a new buffer to the buffer pool. If the buffer is already in the buffer pool
Creates a new websiteaddress instance.
Test for nameandextensionfilter version 1. 0.
Remove all telemissile attacks from the pending telemissileattacks list
Add padding to a byte array.
Adds all the commands of a page to the PDF file.
Returns a string representation of the table as a string. The first row of the table is
Adds all of the statements in the given sequence to the end of the current statement sequence.
Notifies all registered activity listeners that the activity state has changed.
Returns the elasticity of the value at a given spot.
Convert an HTTP entity to a byte array.
Fetch the first foo matching the given uuid.
Round a floating point value to the nearest integer precision.
This is the main entry point for the runner. It is the main entry point for the
Returns true if the operating system is Windows me or not.
Convert a date object to a string.
Returns the size of a component based on the size of the form specification.
Returns true if node1 and node2 are of the same element type.
Append a datato to the given stringbuilder.
Convert a long value to a string. If the long value is out of range return the
Resets the cursor to the beginning of the current position.
Reads a single byte from the inputstream.
Writes the given character sequence to the given file. The character sequence is converted to UTF -
Returns true if the IDP proxy is enabled for the given request. If the request is
Compiles the given prolog to javasource using the given temporary directories.
Removes all listeners from the list of listeners registered with this spring instance.
Creates a new selection input dialog with the specified owner key value validator and key arguments. The
Builds the dictionary and stores it in the given storedir. If the storedir is set
Converts a class name to a resource path that can be used as a relative class name.
Creates a new URI from the given scheme schemespecificpart and fragment.
Adds a top - opulation to the graph. Returns the id of the new top -
Returns a copy of this buffer s contents as a byte array.
Create a new disk in the project specified by projectid asynchronously. This method will block until
Returns true if the given host ends with the given domain.
Disable the attribute with the given name. The attribute will not be enabled if it is enabled
Pushes the given LDCinsn handle onto the stack of LDCinsn objects
Encodes the post body of the given parameters into a string using the specified boundary.
Lookup the ifitsheader for the given key.
Writes the contents of the index to the output.
Gets the togglenode property.
Decodes an octal string from the given byte buffer and appends it to the given string builder
Copies the elements of v1 into v2 and stores them in this arrayfieldvector.
Reverses the order of the animators.
This method is called at the beginning of the Phraseanet. It is responsible for
Fire a vetoablechange event for the given property name and old and new values.
Test the LM - Dirichlet similarity.
Called when a source s mediasinks are received. This method is called by the
Convert a userdto to an entity.
Write the DDL statement for dropping an external foreign key.
Obtain a lock. If the lock is already obtained this method will block until the lock is
This method is deprecated and will be removed in the future. Please use fillheader instead.
Collects the affected files from the given virtual file array.
Update the position of the particle based on the elapsed time and the current particle speed.
Updates the ticklabel values and ticklabels to reflect the new length of the ticklabels.
Returns true if targetposition is within bounds of startposition and endposition.
Asserts that the indices of the statements in the given triplestore are consistent.
Shows the badge for the specified item id.
Sets the given option to the given integer value. If the value is null the option is
determines the target page based on the current position velocity and deltax.
Returns the string representation of the object at the given index in the given objectmatrix1d
Clones this vector3f from the given source vector3f.
Converts a glob string to a regular expression using the specified separator. The glob string will be
Forcenoloss is a bit of a hack to allow forcenoloss
Splits the given string into an array of strings without escaped characters. The returned array will contain
Splits the string on escaped semicolons and puts the result in _num _str _
Removes the object at the specified offset from the source array and places the result in the destination
This method is called when a dictionary adapter is created. This method is called when a dictionary
Returns true if the given tabid is associated with an activity that has not been destroyed.
Set the underlying httpstream instance. This is used to set the underlying httpstream instance.
Add a file to the list of files to be processed.
Returns true if the character at index n is a number and false otherwise.
Adds two points to the partial hull. The points are added to the end of the hull
Reads a short from the input stream.
Prints an integer to the stream.
Create a proximity node.
Returns true if the varray is zoning required or false if the varray is not
Send a reply to the stream.
Initialize the ccanimation.
Navigates to the parent of the current selection and scrolls to the parent of the
Adds a new message to the end of the message list. If the message list is null
Generate a random cache entry. If data is null a random entry is generated. If i
Swap the buffers in the EGL context. The buffers will be swapped back to the
Returns a list of windows of size windowsize from the given words.
Builds a path from a jsonpath object.
Adds an element to the array at the specified index.
Returns the double value of this field as a double. If the field is null returns 0
Returns the matrix as a MATLAB string.
The fileinputreader method is called when the file input reader is opened. The file input
Create a new object outputstream for the given path. The stream will be closed when finished
Returns a set of all keys contained in this hashmap.
Adds a certificatevalidity to the list of certificatevalidities.
Add a policy listener to the policy cache. The listener will be notified when the policy changes
Verify that the given code is valid for the given session id. If the code is not
Creates a new scriptengine for the given file.
Finds the raw module with the given id.
Extract a value from a list of objects of a given type. If the list is not
Obtains a copy of this date with the year - of - year and day - of -
Recovers an entry from a keystore. If the entry doesn t exist it will try to
Creates a new urlclassloader with the given base url.
Checks that _str is less than or equal to _num and that _num is less
Wiser method to wiser the server. This method will be called when the server is
Concatenates the given objects into a new array. If the input array is null or empty
Move the camera to a truck position. The camera will be rotated around the origin.
Shuts down the scheduler. This method should be called when the scheduler is shut down.
Clear the locale builder. This is a no - op if there is no locale builder.
Returns a new string that is the same as the previous string but with the contents of current
Returns the index of the first element of the list that is a multiple of the number of
Log an error message with the given tag.
Adds a propertychangelistener to the list of listeners. If the list already contains the
Recursively cleans a directory and its contents.
Returns the minimum version of the cached entries for the given transaction or null if there is no
Sets the name and value of this field from a dimensioned scalar field value.
This method is called for each character in the input stream. It appends the characters to the
Computes the estimated standard deviation of the given instance using the given kernel matrix.
Initialize the bean with the given properties. This method should be called at the beginning of the
Adds an element to the list at the specified index. If the index is greater than the
Set the datastores to be multiplexed.
Returns true if the element s raw name matches this pattern matcher s raw name pattern.
Returns the given value or the given default value if the given value is null.
Compare the key - value pair with the last received key - value pair.
Paint the car using the current track and car position. The car is drawn from the track
Convert a string to a java. sql. time object.
Selects a server alias for the given keytype and issuers.
PDF of a Gaussian distribution with a given shape and scale and a given factor.
Charges this object into a tax and returns it as a string. If the object is
Parses the input string and returns an array of actors. This method is called by the parser
testabandcbbrokernetwork is the same as for both bridgebrokers and consumers.
Writes the MIB header to the output stream and flushes it to the output stream.
Discards the current thread. This method is thread - safe and should not be called concurrently
Returns the next token for the given leaf node. The next token is the type of the
Write the values to the given packetbuffer and return the new packetbuffer. This method is
Registers a new filetype with the given name.
Parse an integer from a locale - formatted string.
Parse an XML string into a requestsecuritytokenresponse object.
Requests a resource from the YARN cluster.
Filter the itemscollections to only contain items with a level greater than or equal
Search for the key in the sorted array and return the index of the smallest element that is
Adds a symbol to the symbol table. If the symbol already exists it will be overwritten.
Adds escape sequences to the given string.
Returns the number of elements in the array or - 1 if the array is not a script
Convert a base64 string to a long.
Returns the bottom n localtime values in the time series. The bottom n localtime values
Returns the sum of the authority score of the outlinks of the given page.
End the printer. This method should be called at the end of the printer. This method
Browse a file and return a list of the status of the file in the file system.
Append the given character sequence to the text buffer.
Set the pageid for the initial object creation page. This is the default page for the
Unwraps the input data and renegotiates the result if needed.
Returns true if the specified attribute has been set on this node or false if it has not
Check if the current user has permission to do something.
Store the password in the sharedstate if isstore is true.
Delete the specified child node from this node s list of children. If this node is a
Checks that _str + _num is a floating point number and that _num is a
Waits for the termination of the external process and returns its exit value and stdout and stderr.
Refreshes the inherited methods of this expandometaclass and all of its superexpandos
Overrides the failed method to mark the relation as cancelled and call the super class s failed method
Change the state of an annotation document in the repository.
Remove an edge from the graph. If the edge is the opposite of this node the edge
This method is called when the user presses a long key press. This method is called
Returns true if this bnode has a descendant that matches the given pattern.
Write data to the file.
Generate the data files for the given language and country. The data files are stored in the
iscglibproxy returns true if object is a cglib proxy false otherwise.
Calculate the image indents based on the rotation of the current image and the cropping rectangle
Test bug 10630.
Returns true if the two boolean arrays are equal. If the two arrays are null or empty
Adds an annotation to the front of the list of annotations to be drawn.
Add a new frame to the animation.
Returns a string representation of the given Unicode code point.
Delete the minidump file if it is not marked as uploaded.
Closes the outbound stream. The stream will be closed immediately after this method returns. The stream
Extract a thumbnail from a bitmap.
Write the package info to the file.
Returns an array containing all the events in this event object. The array will contain the first
Decodes the contents of the input stream into an array of bytes. If the input stream is
Process a list of namespaces and return a stringvector containing the namespacing of the namespaces
Creates a copy of this CategoricalResults object.
Dump a long value to a string builder.
typespecialchar is a special character that can be a tab or a key press.
Returns true if o1 == o2 false if o1 is null or o2 is
Returns true if the mimetype is present in the mimetypetoextensionmap.
Returns an iterable of notifications starting from the given notification id starting from the given notification id.
Writes the data for the given object to the given pdxwriter. If the object is
Writes an integer value to the given byte buffer.
Returns true if the queue is empty or false if the queue is empty.
Sets the item to be viterbipointed.
Paints the bottom edge of the content border.
Emits the listadd instruction for the given field name using the given method and builder.
Parse an RSA public key from a PEM formatted string.
Creates a parallelpublisher from a publisher.
get the next frequency from the current frequency set to the given start time and the current count
Adds a variable to the end of the queue. The variable will be added to the end
Canonicalizes the given URL.
Reads the contents of the specified file in the current process.
Calculates the duration of the animation. The duration is clamped to a value between minimum_
Computes the norm of a vector.
Returns the height of the line in pixels based on the specified measurespec.
Adds a byte to the buffer at the specified position.
Computes the mean of the values in the vector.
Add a sprite to the player. The sprite will be transformed according to the position of the
Closes the output stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Creates a new synctoken from the given date string and uuid.
Returns true if a and b are equal or if a and b are both null.
Initializes the flagz directory.
Close an inputstream.
Testrandom method. This method should be called from the constructor. It should be
Replaces all occurrences of a character in a string with a new string.
This method is called when a new form is entered. It is called when a new form
Canonicalize the union type declaration. This is done by creating a uniontype with all union
Opens an other URI in the given activity. This method is intended to be called from the
Wait for all active and livivere replicas.
Adds an element to the end of the list. If the list is full the size of
Returns true if the value of this column is not null and the value is not null.
Split the file path into a list of file names. The list will be sorted from the
Checks if the given taxa is compatible with the given list of available abletaxa
Draws the label text at the given x and y coordinates according to the given textdecoration
Returns true if the map has any mapobjects.
Perform all of the actions that have been thrown by this exception. This method will be called
Returns a collection of references to the top - down dumping the top - down of the
Adds the name of the field to the embeddable mapping. If the overridename contains the
Returns the minimum layout size of the chart and its sub - widgets. The minimum layout size
Check if a resource has changed in a group. If so call the callback with the resource
Create a Telephone URL from the given URI.
Construct an evosvm model from the given exampleset and a list of support vectors.
Restarts the servlet engine. This method is called when the servlet is being restarted.
This method is called by the user to sort the data. This method is called by the
Returns the string representation of the character.
Log PDF of the logarithm of a normal distribution with a given shape and a given mu
Generate a format for the given codec.
Write a comment. This method is called by the XML parser when a comment is encountered.
Returns the maximum integer value contained in the stream or an empty optionalint if there is no
Returns the block with the given commit counter or null if no block with the given commit counter
Start the animation. This method is called when the animation is about to start. This method
Trace an exception and return the stack trace as a string. The exception is logged with the
Splits the given string into two parts and returns the left and right parts of the string.
Called when the child thread is resumed. This method is called when the child thread is
Register the transportmbean object in the specified container. If the object is already registered
Update a table. If the table doesn t have an annotation an error will be logged.
Stop the video creentimer. This method is called when the video creentimer is
Remove a timeoutevent listener from the list of listeners.
Process the properties file and create the generic input properties that will be used by the properties creator
Add a lock object to the tablelockmap if it does not already exist.
Returns a random element from the list.
Updates the mapping to immutableset with the newqual set for the given key.
Joins the thread associated with the given async invocation with a timeout of the given number of milliseconds
Defines a new local variable in this scope.
Open a connection to the database. The autocommit parameter can be set to true to enable
This method is called when an error occurs. It is called when an error occurs.
Called when a mouse button is pressed. This method is called when a mouse button is pressed
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Evaluate the given function body with the given parameters. If the function is a closure call it
Returns a set of all keys in the cache.
Output the contents of the list to the given writer.
Computes the remainder of the polynomial a divided by the polynomial f. The remainder of the polynomial
Returns a list of all the options in the cluster. The list is ordered by cluster number
Appends the hexadecimal representation of the given character to the given string builder.
Print the bootstrap map to the log.
Converts an enumeration to a vector.
Adds a token to the token list.
Filter large valuesets.
Add the tags for the given data to the given builder. This method is called by the
Load the build number from the application metadata.
buildrandomleftregularbipartitegraph creates a new left - degree bipartite graph
Add this view to the given list of views if it is focusable. If it is
Configures the given request object with the credentials user agent and accept headers.
Converttotitle returns a string of the form _str + n where n is
Reads an escape character from the input.
Processes the given input and outputs the result in the given packfilename. The packfilename is
Load the replicator runtime configuration files for the given servicename.
Returns a string representation of the given number in the format expected by the mdecimalformat.
Simulates a method. This method is called when a method is called on a class.
Convert a list of longs to an array of longs.
Update the menu state based on the current state of the tree.
Test put - get - remove operation.
Format a list of strings to a string.
Remove a notification listener from the list of registered listeners. The listener is removed from the list
- - - - - - - - i a u u m - - - - -
Returns a list of modulespecs in the given directory that match any of the given modules
Returns the contents of a list of processerrorstateinfo objects as a string.
The X509CRLSelector. getissuernames method is used to test the X509CRL
Start the checkpoint generator. This is the first step in the checkpoint generator. This is the
Create an xadatasource from the given properties.
Convert x to degrees.
Adds a view to the header of the header bar. The view will be shown in the
Returns true if systemid is an absolute path. If systemid is null returns _bool
Initializes the demand and collection maps.
Get the specifier at the given index in the list of specifiers.
Constructs a shapedcrafting recipe.
Writes a tag and a font value to the output stream.
Internal method to write a byte array to the output stream. This method is called by the
Connects to the given host and port using the given portstring.
This method is called when the batch is finished. This method is called when the batch is
Configure the HTTP client.
Parse the given file and return the result as a string. If the file does not contain
Returns true if the test is true otherwise returns false. If the test is false then the
Load an element into an object. This method is called when an element is loaded from the
Draw an image in the raster space of an imageicon at the specified location.
Start a new thread to dequeue from the queue. If the queue is full the threads are
This method is called when the user changes the width or margin of the table. This method
Checks if two objects are equal.
Returns a string representation of the flag names in the given flags. The flag names are the
Format the given object as SQL. If the expression is a string it will be converted to
Appends the indent string to the indent buffer.
Adds a fake view to this view. This method is called when a view is added to
Compiles a list of N4J projects into a list of N4J projects.
Print the contact information to the given window. This method is called from the UI thread.
Set the result of this promise to the given result. This will trigger all of the callbacks
Adjusts the name and position of a node based on the deltax and deltay
Creates a snapshot from the given snapshot object.
Saves the configuration properties to the properties file.
Returns the number of characters in the list that are contained in the specified delimiter. If the
Builds a URI from the given parameters.
Disposes of the current rendering context. This method is called when the rendering context is being
Write the kanjiresourcefile to the specified file.
Report an exception that occurred while scanning a file.
Renders the normal of the current framebuffer.
Returns a list of resources for the given type and class. If there are no resources for
Calculate the sum of the absolute values of all the entries in the values table.
Decrements the reference count by decrement and returns true if the reference count was decremented.
Returns the number of elements in the list. This is the sum of the size of all
Find a TCP connection by its thread id.
Estimates a uniform distribution with the given minimum and maximum values. The count parameter specifies the
Read repository metadata from a stream input.
Returns true if the given IRI is a property of the XML schema that can be used to
Append a new line to the contents list.
This method is called at the end of a query. It is called after the query has
Returns true if the set contains the given node. If the set does not contain the node
Persist a temporary file to disk. This method is called when a temporary file is created.
Adds a value to the write set.
Load the given unit into the current space. If the unit can t be loaded an exception
Process the exit of a worker. This method is called by the worker thread when it exits
Finishes writing the compressed data to the output stream. If the compressed data is not yet
Free an object from the pool. If the pool is full the object is added to the
Returns true if the injector has a binding with the given key.
Create an internal replicatormanager object.
Checks if the directory is an index and if so returns the status of the index.
Overrides the default outputstream with a proxy that will be used to write output to the output
Builds the message list and returns it. If the message list is not mutable it will be
Puts a short value into the specified address in big - endian byte order.
Calculates the hashtwice hash of the given input starting at the given offset and length
Load a pronounceable file system from the given URL.
Set the value associated with the given key. If the key already exists the old value is
Make all of the elements in this list immutable.
Returns the native path of the named library or null if it can t be found.
Remove a componentupdatelistener from the list of listeners registered for this component.
Returns a _fields object for the given thrift fieldid or null if the fieldid is
Returns true if the given text is null or empty or the length of the text is the
Encode and decode an igangliamessage. This method does not throw an exception.
Returns true if the given term is indexable.
Sends the response to the client.
Decode a base64 encoded string using the given encryption object.
Wait for the shutdown signal to be signaled. If the shutdown signal is not signaled
Adds a connection to the pool. The connection will be added to the pool at the end
Returns the distance between this point and the given point.
Attempts to convert a string to an integer. If the string is empty returns the defaultvalue
Adds an item to the end of this chainiterable.
Update the view of the state. This method is called when the view is updated. It
The main loop of the event loop. This is the main loop of the event loop.
Returns a list of all the keys in the cache. The keys are the names of the
This method is called when the dialoguesystem is opened. This method is called when the
Generate a unique id that can be used as a future id in the future.
Reschedule missed alarms.
Add a name to the list of names for this component.
Execute the given todoublefunction and return the result as a completablefuture.
Changes the state of this object to the given state.
Returns a string representation of the date.
Add a test to the list of tests.
Swaps the elements at position i and j in the list.
Build the list of namevaluepairs for the given ipt parameter.
This method allows you to pass a closeable object as the first argument to the closure.
Returns true if the actualstring matches any of the patterns in the linkedlist.
Add a new server to the server group map.
Adds a catalog treeleaf to the list of leaves.
Returns a string representation of the time stamp in the given formatmask. The formatmask is
Sets the Content - Length header.
Draws this frame on the specified canvas. Returns true if the frame is on the idle state
Modify a lun in the vnxecommandjob queue. This is a blocking call.
Replaces all occurrences of this string with the given replacement character sequence. The target character sequence must
Deletes all the files in the directory. This is a no - op if the directory does
Compares two semantic concepts and returns true if they are present in both synset and concepts.
Track an event in the jgoogleanalyticstracker system.
Add the given tuple to the internal list of tuples. If the tuple is already in the
Adds a song to the song list. If the song is not already in the list it
Returns the children of this node that are of the given class and with the given name.
Emits a mapput field from the given method to the given string builder.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this object s hash code.
Returns the user s title as a string.
Parses a JSON string and returns an arraylist of events.
Remove a tablemodellistener from the list of listeners.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified substring in this builder with the specified substring starting at the specified
Add a posix file permission to a directory and all its sub - directories.
The runtimeouttask is a long running routine that runs in a separate thread. This is
Learn a new entity in the system.
Returns true if the signature is a valid type signature. The signature is assumed to be a
Testcase 19. This testcase uses the remainder of _num as the remainder of _
Recursive method to check if all the children of an actiongroup are visible.
Checks that the given typesnippet contains at least the given number of argument references.
Randomizes the incoming weights and normalizes the outgoing weights.
Save the image at the given coordinates in the given path. The image will be compressed using
Check if the file is valid. If not log the message and return false.
Removes a sootclass from the list of sootclasses.
Updates the min and max values based on the given value.
Close the current JSON string.
Append a byte array to the end of the buffer.
Returns true if the realsizeonphone value is greater than the given update size.
Set the visibility of the buttons to indicate that the cancel button has been performed.
Adds an attribute to this character iterator.
Convert a string to a value. If oldvalue is a string it will be converted to
Returns a z - string representation of this number. The number is assumed to be greater than
Records a dialoguestate and its name. If the name is already in the list
Writes a UTF - 8 sequence of bytes from the given character sequence to the output stream.
Sets the geoserverwpsclient connection.
Verify that a file is a ZIP file.
Cleans up the pool of idle connections. Returns the number of idle connections that should be closed
Returns information about the state of the node.
Compares the current value with the expected value. If the current value is null then the number
Generates a seed for the current process. The seed is a byte array that can be used
Returns true if we need to exclude this item from the list of items to exclude.
Decodes the given hex string into a byte array. The hex string must be a multiple of
Create a list of usernamespaceauthorizations for the given list of usernamespaceauthorizationentities.
Read the header of the DCT file.
Draws two texts at the specified coordinates. The first text is drawn at the start of the
Returns true if this number is less than or equal to the given percentage.
Returns a clone of this predicatednodetest. The clone is a copy of this
Returns true if the point p is outside of the preferred size of the cell at the given
Adds the source folder to the list of folders to look for.
Suspend a SRDF group method from the given source and target volumes.
Calculates the M - value of the distribution. The M - value of the distribution is the
Creates a server socket. The server socket is created using the specified port and bindaddress.
Prints the specified number of bytes from the specified byte array at the specified offset and length.
Delete a vset from the server. If the server returns an error it will be thrown
Find the index of a keycomment in the keyvalcomments array.
Returns true if the cookie is isexpired in the current system time.
Returns true if install to home intent is supported.
Initialize an in - memory entry store. This stores all the entries in a hashmap.
Adds properties to the class annotations. This method is called by the class loader when the class
Returns the next number in the generator.
Put an inputstream into the cache. If the inputstream is already cached return null.
parsetitle - Parses the title and returns an array with the title and the number
Returns the selection as a string.
Calculates the excitatory ratio of the synapses.
Notifies all listeners that a root has been removed from the repository.
Inserts a new element into the priority queue. If the queue is full the elements will be
Returns the message to be sent to the client. This method is called when the client is
Returns the wraplinux command with the current user and group.
parses a sqlquery and returns an abstractdmlquery. If the query is already
Returns the index of the given element in the given level.
Returns the number of attributes in this attribute set.
Returns the consumetagname from the current position to the end of the current string.
Perform a deep sort on the tree.
removelisteners removes all listeners from the list of listeners.
Decrypts the sciphertext using the Blowfish cipher and returns the decrypted string.
Returns the L - Rankloss of a given pair of integers.
Add the clusters in clus to the Hilbert - Schmidt hull.
This method is called when a printserviceattributeevent is about to be updated. It is
Decodes a base64 encoded string and writes it to a file.
Evicts idle resources from the pool. If the pool is empty it will be evicted
Generates a new population with the given number of individuals and the fitness functions. The population is
Sets up the session. This is called by the JVM when the session is started.
Metodo que se devuelve la lista de visitante de la consulta.
Assert that all the values in ones and twos are in the same order as the ones
Appends a character to the buffer.
Inserts instructions before the first instruction in the list.
Creates a new builder with the default configuration.
Count the number of strings in the given array.
This method is called when a message has been processed. It is called when the message is
Returns a copy of the vector with the same elements as this vector but with the same shape
Called when a new frame number is received from the client.
Delete the subject with the given name. If the subject name is the same as the given
Push an elemattributeset onto the top of the attrset stack.
Finishes the scroll stacks animation. This is called when the scroll stacks are finished.
Adds a key and a distance from a given value.
Send a response to the client.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified characters in the specified string with the specified character.
Return the text in the buffer at the current mark position.
Canonicalizes the given path. The path is assumed to be in the form of a path
Sets the in - memory message store configuration and token provider. The token provider is used to
Moves the pointer to the next item in the playlist.
Draws a bitmap with a stroke at the specified radius with the specified draw paint.
Returns the MQTT device associated with this connection.
Start collecting the abbalocking detectors.
Read an object override from the input stream. If the input stream is null null is returned
Calculate the tometers from the given number of pixels. This is the number of meters per
Add a character to the buffer. If the buffer is full print it to the output buffer
Returns the length of the vector.
Create a new cache instance.
Add the attributelist panel to the table.
Throws an unreachable environment exception if the environment is unreachable.
Remove a photo from the list of photos.
Search for the value in the binary array starting at the specified index and ending at the specified
Computes the best match score for a given classification name and the top percent of the read.
Returns the elements in this array as an array of elements. If the array is not the
Adds a failure to the list of failures that should be retried.
Dumps the current stack to the debug log.
Creates a hashset from the given set of categories.
Load a listener for a given serverkey. If the serverkey does not exist an exception
Upload a file to the FTP server. The file will be read from the local file system
Create a new SSL socket.
Format a binary node into a string. This is used to format a binary node in the
Unregisters an interface from the platform mbean server. If the interface is not registered a warning
Write an EXIF file from an inputstream to an outputstream. The outputstream is
Sorts the objects in this collection according to the given comparator. The objects are sorted according to
Returns true if the disk accessexception is caused by a regiondestroyedexception
Adds a string value to the array.
This method is called when the magic variables arguments bundle is called. It is called by the
This function is called when the kernel is ready to be used to setup the video using the
Load all the users from a cursor. The cursor is positioned at the start of the
Convert an ISO 8601 formatted date string into a date object.
Creates a DOM Document from an input stream.
Returns a string representation of the value of this Double object.
Reset the message counter to the current message count. This is used to reset the message counter
Schedule a task at a fixed rate.
Decode the attribute body.
Copy the assets into the given file.
Check if two housenumber objects are the same.
Returns the next value up to d. If d is positive_infinity d is returned
Returns the threeway distance between two keys.
Removes any whitespace from the beginning of a string and returns a packed byte array.
Open the selector and wait for it to be ready to be used.
Removes the child at the given index.
Perform a bisect - split between two strings and return a list of diffs.
Paints the given painter with the given context. If the painter is null a new image
Loads the contents of the given directory into the given module candidate.
Checks if a throwable is hassuppressed from another throwable of a given class.
Writes a variable - length long to the outputstream. The outputstream is assumed to be
Update the signature with the given byte.
Writes the contents of this queue to the given output stream.
Checks if the initiator is a RP or not and logs a debug message if so.
Initializes the collection of supported messages. If the refresh parameter is set to true the collection will
Read configuration from a file or the default configuration file if no configuration file is specified.
Returns a default value for the given key. If the key does not exist it will be
Combine the combineresults from multiplereads into a new array.
Returns true if the device is a retina device or false if it is not a ret
Sends an object to the Po and Pn channels. The Po and Pn
Set the resolveinfo for this activity.
Add a post - indexed LSR instruction to the given list of instructions.
Append the end of the formals flag to the buffer.
Returns true if the next character in the string is a letter ordigit.
Extracts the project name from the URI.
Adds an object reference to the list of references.
Resets the notes2 to reflect the current state of the second state.
Add a required property to the requirements builder.
Detects a new hit and adds it to the current pattern.
Set the head rule for this tagset.
negposfirstshorter is a biginteger that is less than or equal to _num
Submits a task to the queue. If the queue is full the task will be executed
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Allocate a new xsqlda object from the given rowdescriptor.
Overwrites the value at the given offset with the given length. The length of the value
Returns true if the given string is null or an empty string.
Add a wxscrollviewlistener to be notified when a scrollview changes.
Try to get a callback from the queue. If the queue is full null is returned.
This method is called at the beginning of an update. It is called at the beginning of
Translate the java2d point to the dtoscreen coordinates.
Update the airmap traffic projections based on the groundspeedkt and trueheading values.
Log a stacktrace with the given severity level and throwable.
Read the next character from the stream and write it to the branch.
Decodes the given BCD short value into a string.
Draws the background of this rectangle.
Adds a key - value pair to the hashmap. If the hashmap already contains a
Adds a layouteditor to the list of panels. If the list is already at the same
Trigger the wildcardexpander.
Create an IP interface for a host.
Collect all the edit proposals that are applicable to the currently selected view.
Sets the query parameters for an extension point. If the extensionpointname contains the _str
Ensure that the image s namespace exists. If it doesn t it will create a default namespace
Creates and returns a new map with the given key - value pairs.
Test the filtered classifier. This is the main method of the test classifier.
Returns a copy of the string with the first character upper - cased.
Choose a random index based on the given proportions. The index is based on the
Update pagex and pagey based on the current width and height of the image.
Creates a hashmap that maps each component s parent to its sibling list. The returned map
Count the number of non - newline characters in the given string starting at the given offset.
Convert a spantosparsegrid into a number of indexes.
Compares two zonerules and returns a boolean indicating whether they are the same or not.
Returns a human - readable description of this leg.
Adds the claimed signer role.
Writes the contents of the given map to the given outputstream.
Sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds and number of nanoseconds.
Restores the previous output and error streams. This method is not thread - safe. It
Create a new biginteger from two lists of bigintegers and a list of biginteg
Returns the height of the measure in pixels based on the given measurespec.
Puts a byte array into the byte vector.
Waits for the task - stage property of the given document to be set to finished failed or
Sets the content and priority of the action.
Finds all the surrounding islands in the specified region.
Writes the binary representation of the window function into the given buffer.
Calculates the width and height of the gap between two rectangles.
Move the cursor to the next tile in the list and set the display fields.
hasmyomerbooster returns true if there is a mere booster on the
Checks if an intent is available for the given action.
test wrap for 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2 test wrap for 2
Sends a CONNECT request to the server.
Returns true if the given certificate is a selfsigned certificate.
Insert a new userroles object into the userroles database. The userroles object will be
Returns the set of words that are closest to the given distance from the given start token.
Derives the current time from the given date and time. The time is assumed to be
Adds a new category and its titles and values to the histogram.
Rewind to the beginning of the list of used parameters.
Merges the given list of intervals into a new list of intervals. The returned list will be
Format the type of the value.
Computes the SHA - 1 hash of the given keystorefile.
Pan the domain axes of the subplot with the given source point.
Initializes the check views. This method should be called before any other methods in the view.
Creates an icon label for the given checkbox.
Send a window_closing event to the client.
Delete an entry from the keystore by its alias. The alias is case - insensitive.
Sets the disjointsets of this set to the specified number of elements. The disjoint
Print the cluster data to the specified printwriter.
Add a textfield to the GUI. This method is called when a textfield is added
Removes the category at the given index from the list of categories and values at the given index
Create a tokenstream for the given field name and content. The field name must be the
Checks the trace of the given polyline. If the trace is valid returns true otherwise false.
Delete a file or folder.
Expands an array of double values into a new array of double values.
Encodes the given value to the given number of bits using the given lower and upper bounds.
Skips n bytes from the input stream. If the input stream is null then this method
Create a new lock file and delete the file on exit. If the lock file already exists
Handletbld sattributemaplisthrefactionrequest event handler.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no such key.
This method is called when a SWF event is received from the SWF. It dumps
Quick reply to the currently active message in the popup pager. This method is called when the
Writes a byte array to the file at the given offset. If the file does not exist
Returns true if the configuration has changed since the last call to this method.
Fixes the compatibility between the view and the viewgroup. This is necessary because the view
Binds the given local addresses to this socket. This method is intended to be overridden by subclasses
Substitute the header of the current page with the given string.
Creates a new service from a patterntimetable.
Remove an imageinfo object from the list. If the object is not present in the list
Sets the list of users that the user is allowed to access. The list of users is
Get info about a distributed device.
Read a copystate from an input stream.
Notifies all threads that a task needs to be interrupted. This method is called by the
Adds the specified request parameters to this request. This method is intended to be used by the
Confirms that the file should be overwritten. This method is called when the user press
This method is called when a new datasource is added to the list of datasources to update
Find the line number that starts at the given offset.
Removes all sensors from the selection and fires a selectionchanged event if the selection is not empty
Creates a new non - movable array of the given type and length.
Loads a thrift file and its sub - files into a map. This method is called recursively
Checks if the proxy connection is still open and restarts the proxy if it is not.
Adds a message to the list of messages that will be displayed to the user.
Get the hash key from the given hash. The hash must have the same length as the
Concatenate the given arrays into a new array with the length of _num elements. The
Comparision of a way with a new tag and a new value in a way.
Read an array of bytes from the input stream.
Returns the number of chunks that will be used to store the given number of elements.
Returns the userelativepathtiptext.
Returns a new joiner that joins the given dataobjects with the given alias and ids.
Closes the underlying file. The file will be closed after this method returns. If the file
Show the specified interface on the remote device.
cleardatalists is called when an error occurs. This method is called when an error
Creates a new quadedge between the two vertices o and d and adds it to the
Sort a list of strings in alphabetical order.
default b with key and value as long as long string.
Returns a list of files in the specified directory.
Create a path for the edge of a rectangular rectangular rectangular rectangular rectangular
This method is called when this object is no longer needed. This method is called when the
Test a scenario with a configuration and a list of methods. If amethodstocall
Creates a directory in the cache directory if it doesn t already exist. If it doesn t
Returns true if the resource has been called.
The readexternal method is called when the class is read from an input stream.
This is the entry point for the objidmap. This is the entry point for the
Returns a criteria that is the conjunction of this criteria and the given criteria.
Creates a new failover connectionpool for the given set of servers. The failover connectionpool is
Format the given string using the default locale.
Initializes the cause of the given throwable with the given cause. If the throwable already has a
Sets the description and ordinal of this message property key.
Adds a new waiter to the queue. If the queue already contains a waiter it will be
Asserts that the string is added or removed from the deserialized set. If the string is not
Paints the border of the specified component at the specified coordinates.
Restores a checkpoint from a byte stream.
Reads a class from the inputstream.
Returns true if the given HCI is supported by this server. If the HCI is
This method is called when a new debugger is added to an inavi project. It
Convert a shape to a scissor shape. This is used to create a sciss
Add a window to be closed when the application shuts down. If the application shuts
This method is called every time a new task is executed. This method is called when the
Authenticates with the given list of discoveries and returns the result of the authentication.
Sets the hash to the given hex string. The hex string must match the length of the
Find the longest common prefix and suffix in the shorttext starting at index i.
Checks if the pin number is a numerical run.
Returns the URI type of the given string or - 1 if it is not a URI.
Adds a transparent box to the specified component.
Returns true if the given string is a source reference of the character at _num.
Delete this node from zookeeper. If the node is empty wait for it to become empty.
Returns an enumeration of the members of this group.
Add a property value expression to the SELECT clause. The property name will be used as the
Adds an interface to the class constant pool.
Cut the string from the first occurrence of the given substring.
Perform an HTTP GET request from the registry. If the request fails the exception is thrown.
Test iterator method. This method is used to test if the queue is populated and if so
Initializes this session with the given remote authenticated user.
Invoke the finalize method of the given object. This method should be invoked when the object is
Remove a tvshow node from the model.
Checks if the encryption policy is supported or not. If it is enabled and the operation is
Returns true if the object is an instance of the given class false otherwise.
Adds an element to the list at the specified location.
Computes the cacheresponseage based on the received date and the number of ageseconds
Returns the index of the ith element in the array.
Invalidate all of the switchpoints.
Convert the vdcinfo object to a vdcconfig object.
Creates a new OSX proxy adapter for the given proxysignature target and handler.
Returns the prediction for the given instance. The prediction is normalized and denormalized.
Finishes the execution of the provider. This method is called when the provider is finished.
Returns true if the given switchport is a valid attachmentpoint for the given datapathid.
Fires a clusterchange event to all registered listeners.
Add a batched request to the batched request queue. The batched request will be
Returns the RGB value of a pixel. The pixel is assumed to be in the range 0
Checks to see if the character at the given position is a carry or not.
Add a component to the bottom of the panel.
Delete all files in a set of files that are directories. If any file does not exist
Creates a temporary directory and adds a cleanup hook to the directory if cleanup is true.
Emits the initial chunk of the symbol table.
Read the cookieignorespecial characters from the cookie header.
Merges all resources of a given type into a list of resources of a given type.
Translates the given string into a byte array. The returned byte array will have the length of
Creates a preview buffer of the specified size. The buffer will be filled with the contents of
Adds a box to the box list at the specified position.
Create a new position at the given offset.
Pads the given string with the given number of characters. If the string is longer than
Reset the dtx and invdtx to the given affinetransform.
Adds an activity listener to be notified when an activity is added to the activity tracker.
Add a muted username to the list of muted usernames.
doparse is called when the network response is received from the server. This is the
Apply the orientation of the specified component to this cursor. The cursor will be moved to the
Returns true if any of the currently selected widgets are empty.
Closes the stream and releases any resources associated with it. The stream will be closed after this
Create a new instance of a parcelable adapter.
Returns the next number of bytes in the given byte array.
Draw the low farout line.
Returns true if the class is a javalibrary class false otherwise.
Return a set of objectnames from a list of namedobjects filtered by a query.
Check if the drag is within mtouchslop or not.
Create a new endpoint element with the given name binding location and responselocation attributes.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Test multipleresourcelocking resources 10 locktries 10.
This method is called when a start element is encountered. This method will throw an exception if
Returns the contents of this buffer as a byte array. The contents of the buffer are copied
Converts a string to a calendar object.
Convert a bitmap to a PNG byte array.
Saves a template to a file in the given parent directory. If the file does not exist
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this option set.
Adds a composite node to the list of composite nodes. The composite node is added to the
Post - process the flooding of the fields. This method is called after the flooding
Expanddigits the digit number in the numberstring and add it to the word
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified character in the specified range of characters.
Creates a new diagnostic formatter with the given messages and prefix. The default error flags are mandatory
Returns true if the frontier is empty. This method is called when the frontier is
Returns true if the attribute selection panel is enabled. If the attribute selection panel is not enabled
Computes the variance of the given array of values. The variance is the sum of all NaN
Stashes the user information in the request and response object.
Send a list of locations to the server.
serializetext - Serializes a text node. This method is called when the text node
Returns true if the visualposition is softwrap false otherwise. This method is intended to be
Returns true if the rule is valid for the given world. If the rule is invalid returns
Removes all items from the list.
Move to the next item in the list.
Grows the priority queue by p and returns the new priority queue. The priority queue is
Flushes the buffer to the output stream at the given offset.
Generates a label for the given key in the given dataset. If the dataset is null returns
Remove a listener from the list of registered listeners.
Override dofadein in order to implement the dofadein method.
Executes the given command with the given description and basecommand. If the command is successful the
Increments the number by the given amount and returns the new number. If the number is
Creates a new service configuration from the given input stream.
Splits the sentence into words and returns them as an array of integers.
Returns true if there are no actions in the given list or if there are no actions in
Adds the given string to the current dictionary. If the autocomplete flag is set to false the
Returns a deep copy of the given matrix.
Returns true if the given identifier is part of the tag set.
Wait for a message to arrive.
Parses a date string into month day and year.
Copy a file or directory to a destination. If the destination is a directory it will be
Sets the pokemongo API instance to be used for mapping objects.
Read a byte array from the buffer. This method will throw an exception if the buffer is
Encodes the given string using the default charset.
Test sortsaccordingnumberofattributes.
Sets the values to be included in the set of values to be included in the predicate.
Delete a file or a directory and its contents. If the file is a directory it recursively
Prepare the sortkey statements for the query.
Convert an ofinstructionexperimenter into a string.
Prints the magnitude of each pixel in the system s out.
Creates a new Zookeeper client and starts it if it doesn t already exist.
Adds the description of a cv number to a tooltip. If the tooltip is null the description
Read the characters from the input starting at the given index until the end character is encountered.
Converttohtml40 convert from attributeset to mutableattributeset.
Closes the input stream.
Update the total amount of the transaction.
Creates a new instance of this class and checks that the creation is unique. The creation is
Evaluate the expression and return the result as a string. If the expression is null return the
Read the data from the given file into a byte array. The file is assumed to be
Adds an animatorupdatelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when
Perform a runcommercial request on the specified stream with the specified length.
Add a subtree to the tree at the given index. The tree will be ordered by the
Generate the while clause of the given whilestatement.
Compute the Igamma function of a gamma distribution a x = a x = b a =
Initializes the activeslotslist with the given slots.
converts RAML action type to RAML action type
Adds the hidden prefix to the given key if it is not already present.
removes the imqtt token from the tokenmap. returns null if there is no
Returns true if the type is the same as the all type in the given array.
Read until the specified delimiter is found or the end of the input is reached.
Throws an assertionerror if the string is not a valid configuration string.
Returns true if this node is a leaf node.
Checks to see if the number is within the range of the character sequence.
Interrupts the specified thread. If the specified thread is null this method does nothing.
Writes the attributes to the specified output stream.
Creates a container that encloses the east border of the specified component.
Returns an array of eventids for all putall events in the cache. The array is
Loads the layout of the specified file into this layout object. If the file is a new
Adds a file to the list of tracked files. The file is added to the list of
Returns a path with windows and unix separators replaced with unix separators.
Returns true if the request has a parameter with the given name.
Returns the number of bytes that have been written to the given windowid in the keystream
Returns true if the given identifier is an SQL - 99 non - reserved keyword.
Sorts the elements in the list using the specified comparator. The elements in the list will be
Writes the contents of the buffer to the journal at the given commit time.
Returns true if the task name should be appended to the name of the task.
Convert the given string to a string. If the string is null return the original string.
Generate a random cache entry. If data is null a random entry is generated. If i
Returns the maximum value in an array of numbers.
Returns true if the line starts with the first element of _str or if it ends with
Reads a 64 - bit integer from the stream.
Remove the instance at the given index from the list of instances.
Extracts the access key from the given S3 URI.
Executes the next operation in a transaction. If the operation is successful the method returns true.
Add a boolean value to the string.
Copies the contents of the source object to the destination object excepting the element at the specified
Set the list of site URLs that should be monitored. This is only used for testing.
Returns a hashset that contains all the entries in the second set that are in the first
Returns the blazevertex with the given id or an empty blazevertex if
Add toadd to current and return the result. If current is greater than or equal to
This method is called from the start of the servlet. It is called when the servlet is
Returns the norm of this vector.
P - Harmonic regression.
Write the entry to the outputstream.
Specifies a list of bitmaps to be closeable and a list of durations for the animation
Read a label file into a string. The label file will be separated by entryseparator.
Adds a converter to the converterset and returns a new converterset. If the converter already
Parse the boolean value from the source object list. If the xstream property is not configured
Returns a copy of the given map with the entries from the given range sorted from the given
Dump the spatial index to the log.
Compares two parameters for equality.
Generates n random numbers in the given array.
Escapes the given text for use in a JSON string. This method is used to escape the
Write the contents of this buffer to the given outputstream. The contents of this buffer are
Checks the heading hierarchy of the elements. If the elements are empty the tests are not applicable
Returns an iterator over the elements in the JSON object.
Called when a mouse wheel is moved to the visualizationviewer.
Asserts that the given strings are equal to each other in the list of strings passed to the
Returns true if the imfmarkertype is equivalent to the other imfmarkertype.
Load the workspacescreens from the content store.
Renders the output of the given node. The output is written to the given writer.
Parse the given string and return the formatted string. If an exception is thrown it will be
Multiplies this matrix by the given scaling factor and then by the given scaling factor.
Changes the state of the link and unlinkedimic image.
Buffer the geometry g by the segments of the given distance. If the distance is less than
Record the end time of the request.
Checks if the string is accessible usertokibana based on the set of filters.
Removes all elements from the list. If the list is empty this method will return false.
Returns the index of the given type in the list of known types.
Load the contents of the specified file into this object. If the file does not exist it
Returns the string representation of the parameter.
Calculates the height and width of the textgrid based on the numbers radius and the text size
Flushes the journal to disk. The journal will be flushed after this call returns.
Expands the array of seen names into a new array of max_shared_names.
Add a request property to the message.
Update this member with a new client address and a new time. If the new time is
Returns true if the given ad_client_id and ad_table_id are org
This method is called when the thread is about to be decremented as a runnable.
The actionperformed method is called when an action is performed. This method is called when
Serializes an object to a byte array.
Returns the modulepointer for the given module name or null if the module is not found.
Adds a certstore to the list of known certstores.
Sets the narworkingdirectory for the class loader. The narworkingdirectory is the
Get the block number.
Substitutes the given substitution to the given array of typebindings and returns the resulting array
Check if the motion event is scrolling in mslop milliseconds.
Merge one filter intodocument with the same filter in a web. xml file.
Creates an edge from the source symbol to the destination symbol. The source symbol is the source
Pushes a field instruction onto the stack.
Create a new extended text label.
Right - pads a string to a minimum length with a character filling at the end.
Returns true if the given feature is supported by the given version.
Removes all of the elements from the queue.
Read a quoted descriptor from the given substringreader.
Returns a CSV representation of the model.
this testcase 9 is the same as above but the result is not the same as the
Assign an ID number value to an object. The ID number is converted to a number and
Writes a wapped integer to the given outputstream.
Returns true if the connection is currently open and false if it is closed.
find a list of entities and return them as a map of strings to objects.
Convert a soapelement to a string using the owner document of the element.
Close the output stream and delete the lockfile.
Initializes the cameramanager with the given context.
Checks if two objects are equal.
Writes a boolean value to the underlying stream.
Load a set of filenames and train the model.
findspringopenldapwithlimit test.
Format the given string using the default locale. The default locale will be used if no locale
SVD version of Pythag s method.
Writes a fixed - length 32 - bit integer to the given outputstream.
Queues a Cube to be loaded from the cache. If the Cube is already loaded
Checks if an object is available from the given date and is available until the given date.
This method is called when the user clicks on a button. It is called when the user
Returns the id of the highest release message in the list. If there is no highest release
Remove a changelistener from the list of listeners.
Returns a copy of the current request log and removes it from the request log.
URL - decode a string.
Get all tables in the database. This test is done by calling gettables on the underlying
Adds all of the objects in the specified collection to the end of the list. If the
Remove a log from the current filelist.
Initialize the composestate.
Create a list of all the toolbars for the given application and view.
Parse a date string into a date object. The date object will be null if the string
Sets the regular expression to use to filter files based on the given pattern and case sensitivity
Executes the given SQL statement and returns the resultset. If an exception is thrown during the execution
Writes a byte array to the underlying output stream. This method is not thread - safe.
Encodes the given string using URL - encoding. If the input string is null returns the original
Read a currency from a string.
Parse a float from a string. If the string is a number it will be converted to
Creates a new instance of the specified content interface.
Ask the user to request a password for sharevialink. If createshare is true
Force out - of - memory copy of the array. This is done by allocating a
Put an entry into the cache.
Computes the enlargements of two sets of numbers scaled by the given scale.
Sets the intersection of this rectangle with the specified rectangle.
Returns true if this symbol is a Canget - int symbol false otherwise.
Add a new condition waiter to the list of waiting threads. If the current thread is the
Remove all items from the list. This is a no - op if the list is empty
stripbannedcodeunits removes all non - ASCII characters from the beginning of a string.
Asserts that two strings are line - wise equals. If they do not the assertion fails with
Log a warning message and print the throwable s stack trace.
Fullform the given string with the given lowstring. If the given string is already in
Set the time when a password attempt has been warned.
Returns a copy of the locale with the language country and variant removed. If the locale is
Append the timezone information to the given stringbuffer.
Unbinds the listeners from the current object to the property on the current object.
Pads the given string to the left with the given number of characters.
Set whether or not the scores should be shown or not.
Writes the given character sequence to the given file. If the file already exists it will be
Compute the kernel kernel for a given number of characters starting at index s and ending at index
Open a connection to the H2 database using the specified autocommit flag.
Emits a clear field with the given name and append it to the given string builder.
Start the recoarding.
Add an input method listener to this text pane.
Adds a view to the footer of the adapter.
Loads the user class from the given URL.
Add a document to the file. If the file is in read mode the document will be
Adds a command to the list of commands to be executed.
Generate the SQL statement for writecolumnautoincrement.
Saves the pusher data to the shared preferences file. This is done by saving the app
Write the current blocklight handle to the given bytebuf.
Executes the search query and returns the result as a string. If the query is successful the
Returns the next element that matches the given pattern.
Add a new duration to the timer. If the duration is less than the minimum the timer
Paints the background solid.
Add the default values for the specified attribute of the specified schema to the specified default values.
Encodes the product tokens into a string that can be sent to the server.
Is metadatamodifiedsincelastpublication.
Sets the list of resource directories to search for resources.
Make a classnode from a classnode. If usingclass is true return the classnode
Push an import URL onto the import stack.
Returns a string representation of the results of the query.
Sort the test trees in ascending order. The order of the test trees is defined by the
Add event to array and return the new array.
Add a new marker to the list of markers. The name and threadid must be unique
Replaces all occurences of a with b in the given string c.
This method reflects the member variables in the final button. This method should only be called
testDecoder6 - test decoder for WSP version 6. This is done by reading the
Remove all actions and constraints from the list.
Checks if the given file is writable. If the file does not exist it will be deleted
GMP publishing priority.
Get the relying party from the request. If the request contains a relying party that
Rotate this matrix by the given angle about the z - axis.
Create a new instance of the given service and return it as a servicehost instance.
Wake the pipe out of the queue. If the queue is full the pipe will be
Returns the number of columns in a string. If c is not a string the number is
Sets the value to the given value ensuring that it is non - null.
Creates a new kafkamessagelistenercontainer with the given consumer factory and
Remove an entry from the keystore. This is called when an entry is deleted from the keystore
Returns the string representation of the given group of the given matcher. If the group is the
Returns a new plalineint that is the point_a + p_vector.
Rejects the given command. The command will be executed in the context of this thread.
Calculate the menu margin relative to the height of the current window.
Adds an attackaction to the pending list of attackactions.
Creates a list of integer colors from the given array of colors.
test configfileproperty - test configfileproperty - test configfileproperty - test configfile
Generates a byte array that can be used to generate a random alt value. This is the
Adds a projector listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a projector
Select the next tuple expression in the given list of expressions based on the cardinality of the expressions
Writes a BCD number to the given outputstream.
Adds a message to the history. If the history is longer than max_history the message
Start the executor for the given container. This method should only be called if the container is
Convert a string to a date using the given dateformat. If the string cannot be parsed
Visit all the logentries in the logentries list.
Load the latest versions of the extensions from the registry. If there are no versions available then
This method is called when the start of a node is encountered. It sets the location information
clearbitnegativeinside2 Test clear bit negative inside 2.
compares two numbers with the same scale and returns - 1 if they are the same.
Reads an integer from the input stream.
Cancels the autocompletion of the textfield. The textfield and caret position
Returns an enumeration of all the options in this option set.
Sets the client service proxy host name.
Verify the setter methods for the given fields. If the field has a custom setter it will
Removes and returns an element from the queue. If there are no more elements in the queue
Generate a random positive floating point number.
Remove all textbox indexes except the ones specified in the excludedlist from the textbox.
Learn a device by its MAC address vlan ipv4address switchdpid and switchport
Returns a copy of the data in this buffer. The data is copied into a new array
Returns the version of the device as an array of strings. If the device is not connected
Count the number of times the specified character is contained in the specified string.
Adds a color to an imageicon.
Read all bytes from the inputstream up to the specified limit. The inputstream is closed
Search for the first occurrence of a string in the target string starting at the given string.
Validate that the rebalanceorder of the given cacheconfiguration array is valid.
Start the mplayer in a new thread. The thread is started in a new thread.
Remove an environment variable from the list of environment variables.
Calculates the threshold for the number of numbers that are below the threshold and returns the number of
Peek at the top of the stack. If the stack is empty throw a jsonexception.
Test whether _num is signed.
Returns the index of the last unix or windows separator in the given filename or - 1 if
Returns true if the given point lies inside of the given view.
Unrolls the bounds of the given typearguments into a new bounds array.
Delete the quota with the given id.
Creates a basic auth header with the given username and password. The username and password must be
Add a new entry to the extent model and enable the button to remove the entry.
Check if the network is in the cache. If not create it from the sourcebucket.
Read an XML file into a DOM tree. The file is assumed to be an XML file
Returns true if all permissions have been granted for the current user.
Executes the given runnable in the thread pool. The runnable is executed in the thread pool.
Sends the next message over the network. This method will block until the next message is received
Add a field to useas attribute.
Returns true if the given token is a valid session token false otherwise.
Returns the rootmeans squared error of the real and predicted values.
Exports the table to the given byte buffer.
Creates a hashmap mapping voucher constants to their respective objects. The voucher constants are
Rotate the height of the root node to the right of the pivot node.
Enable or disable the Advance Dataset First checkboxes and Enable the Advance Iterator First checkbox
Updates the histogram with a new value.
Draws the series for the given seriesindex and the given yaxisvalue. The series will be
Checks that the given class signature is a valid class signature. Throws an exception if the signature
Select a card from the Fidesmo AID with the given suffix.
Adds a root entry to the list of entries to be compared to.
Creates a source from the given URL using the given character set.
test mergeoneservletintodocumentwithanotherservlet.
Extract a re object from the coefficients of the polynomial. If the polynomial is empty an exception
This method is deprecated and will be removed in the future. Use this method if you want
Add a result to the search result map.
Register a quickfix to be applied to a range of text.
Create a new file in the zip archive.
Checks that _str has at least one attribute of _num. This test fails if _
Start a document with the given locator encoding and namespacecontext. This method is called by the
Dumps the window hierarchy to a string.
Register a rule changes observer.
Sends the current heartbeats to the heartbeat service.
Serializes the given message to the given outputstream using the given name and message length.
Initializes the ssl context and key managers. If client is true the client will use the client
Sets the random access source to be used for reading and writing random data. The buffer is
Sets the program name and the argument parser. The program name is used to identify the program
Checks that _num is set to 0 and that _num is set to 0.
Write a model to a file in XStream format.
Sorts the collections and collapses the mspans into a single collection.
Split a random number array into two based on the distance between the start and the end.
Removes the prefix from the given path if it is present.
Publishes the message to the MQTT broker.
Remove an iadaptable from the list of children.
Concatenate two intstreams into a single stream. The resulting stream will be closed when either
Returns true if the two strings are the same in the framework.
Set whether or not to force the authentication of the user to be performed on the server.
Fetches a user configuration from the API.
Stops the event loop and waits for the event to stop.
Pushes a message to the server asynchronously. This method will block until the message is pushed
Writes a single characteristic to the specified service.
Returns the linkformessage for the given protoelement. If the element is an isex
Read a list of strings from the given inputstream and transform them using the given transformer.
Removes the given element from the list of elements.
Send this message as a binary message to the given tstream. The returned tstream will
Sorts the given brokeritems according to the given sorttype.
Check if special characters need to be escaped. This method is called by the escapex
Update the pathconstraints for the given test chromosome.
Test that one index doesn t exist in the journal.
Returns true if the given classloader is a p2p loader.
Removes the subtrailers from a decoded subject.
Advances to the next inputstream. If there are no more inputstreams returns false.
Convert a BitMap object to a byte array.
Inflate the given name by prefixing it with the global prefix.
Adds a warninghandler to the list of warninghandlers that will be called when a warning occurs
Prints a string to the underlying output stream including the number of bytes and the length of the
Write an attribute to the current node.
Convert a syntaxdef to a syntaxdesc string.
Writes the given buffer to the underlying stream.
Skips a member value from the given byte buffer.
recursivenestedjoin is a recursive method that traverses the childnodes of the current
Generate the minimal MATSIM configuration file. This is the configuration for the MAT
Take a request from the request queue and return it. If the queue is full the request
Convert the location of the column in the list to the actual column in the list.
Returns a list of files in the given directory that match the given filenamefilter.
Returns a string that can be used to drop a table from the database. This is useful
Register all child listeners.
Returns true if the scroll amount of the stack is greater than or equal to the scroll amount
Reduces the given list of instructions into a single list of instructions. The list of instructions
Returns true if this node is the same as the given ownerid or if it is the
Try to move to the next item in the list. If the list is empty move to
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Delete the word at the current cursor position. This method is called when the cursor is at
Cumulative density function.
Read in a continuous dataset from the specified file using the specified delimiter.
Generates a generatenative GUID for storage port from indication.
Returns true if the given paths are contiguous. If the paths are not contiguous returns false.
This is the fast way to read a string from a stream. This is used for reading
Add a field to the query. The field will be added at the end of the query
Returns the current date as a string in the given format.
Initialize the stream buffersize parameter based on the init parameter. If the init parameter is not
Registers a sensor with the given index. If the sensor is already registered it will be replaced
Converts a string into a number. If the string cannot be parsed as a number the default
Samples a number of values from the histogram.
Apply a replacement to the contents of a bidimap.
Creates a new encryption key from a kerberos principal password and algorithm. The encryption key is
Returns a string representation of this object.
Process a list of packages and generate a list of VM files for each of them.
Check if the direction is in the correct direction and if it is increases the expiration time
Parses the given path and stores the result in the data array.
Records a variable declaration in the symbol table.
readdontverify - reads the file header and verifies the magic and version of the file
Returns true if the given media type is supported by this library.
Exports the dependencies of the given jcas object to a file in the jcas format.
Removes the 83600 signature from the beginning of the given signature.
Returns true if the network is available on the system.
Returns a random string that matches the regular expression r.
Create list of expectedpartitionvalueentities for given partitionkeygroupname and list of expectedpartition
Returns the text as a string.
Register a runnable as a low - memory watcher.
Writes the message to the given dataoutput.
Extract the hard reference from the given object.
Format a long as a string.
Unregisters a component from the list of contributed components and uninitializes it.
Copy the contents of the page into the outputstream with the given page id. The page
Writes a portion of a byte array to the output buffer starting at the current position.
Assert that the backupstatus is non - null.
This method is called when a metadata binding error occurs. This method is called when a request
Checks that the current state matches one of the given states.
Sort the movies in ascending order.
Sets the key - value delimiters to the given regular expressions. The key - value delimiters are
Polls the stats broker for the given queue and returns true if there are stats available.
Returns a copy of pathname if it is acceptable. Otherwise returns a copy of pathname with the
Returns true if the edge a and b intersect the scell boundary of the given cell.
Update the overlay contents based on the lookat and camera information.
Returns the jstypename of the given type. If the typeref is a
Creates a new statemachine from the given statemachinedefinition.
Disposes of this object. This method is called when the object is no longer needed.
Reads an object from an input stream.
Return the path for a triangle on the right side of the line.
Returns the terminal with the given name or null if no terminal with the given name exists.
Creates a new layoutblock with the given system name and username. If the block already exists
Modifynonstaticjpedal parameters.
Escapes all occurrences of the given regular expression in the given string and returns the resulting string.
Creates a char buffer from the specified string. The char buffer will be filled with the characters
Update the promocontent height and opacity depending on whether or not the promocont
Set the value of the value geometry.
Flushes the heapinsintervalmanager to disk. This method should be called after propagation.
Returns true if the given libname and version are installed on the local file system.
Finish common parts of the parsing process. This method is called when the parsing is complete.
Display a guimessage in a dialog.
This method is called during initialization of the class. This method is called when the class is
This method is called when a new file is created. It calls the files. walkfil
Sets the baselineresize of the springs to the given position and size
Read an int from a JSON array.
Add a propertychangelistener to the PCSupport.
Unregisters a dependent preference from this preference s dependents list.
validates that the storagepolicyselection is a valid storagepolicykey and storagepolicyversion.
Returns a string representation of the COBWebTree. If the COBWebTree is
Converts the given collection to an array of the given component type. If the component type is
Returns a new gradleexception with a formatted error message for the given problemfiles.
Computes the labeldistances of the given hypergraph starting at the given root node.
Returns the current position in the line buffer or - 1 if there is no line buffer.
Adds a frequency to the list of frequencies.
Parse a header element from a string.
Returns a list of intervals from the given interval to the given timegrain.
Returns true if the type string starts with verb_gerund.
This method is called when an error occurs. This method is called when an error occurs.
Creates a new request object with the given headers uri method and payload.
Run the test. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Download the tlogfiles from the local filesystem and store them in the tlogfilesdown
Read the attributes of a Windows file.
Add all participants in the collection to the completion queue for replay.
Creates a JPanel with a checkbox.
Assigns the probabilitiestoinstances for each model in the given relation.
Returns the given URI as a string or null if the URI is null.
Sets the kernel to the given array of values. The offset is set to the offset of
initializeworklist is the list of congruence classes that need to be done
Called before a model is linked. This is called before the model is linked.
Add a file to the list of files to be processed. This method is called by the
Called when a tree is expanded. This method is called when the tree is expanded.
Returns true if the given object is present in the source. This method is thread - safe
Returns true if v1 and v2 are the same or if v1 and v2
Invoked when the connection to the server failed to close. This method is called when the connection
This method is called for each child element of a schemacomplextype. This method is called
Push a new value onto the annotatorsref stack and set it to the given values.
Returns the version compacted version string.
Handles a sequence query entry. If the sequence number is greater than the current command sequence then
Expungestale entries in the hash table. If there are no more entries in the
Returns a list containing the rest of the elements in the given list.
Creates a list of integers from the given start and end indices. The returned list will be
Close all windows.
Find and undo a map bean. This method is used to find and undo a map bean
Recalculates the completion date for this rule based on the given priority and startdate.
Adds a documenttype to the list of documenttypes to add to the document.
Returns true if the specified table exists in the specified databasemetadata object. If the table does
Checks that an element has one or more attributes. This test fails if the element does not
Returns the position of the next token in the given position. Returns null if there are no
This method is called when a WebGLRenderingContext is updated. This method will be called
Compute the HPD interval of the given proportion at the given indices in the given array.
Check if the directories exist in the disk store.
Adds a port to the list of already allocated contexts. The port is added to the list
Converts the bytes into a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Writes a list of long values to a dataoutput. If the list is null or empty
Returns true if the specified attribute is defined in this context.
Show the preloading stage.
Removes all of the elements from the queue.
Removes the value associated with the given key from this map.
Test copystream with full block.
Run the test. This is the main method of the test class. It will load the
Converts an IP address into an array of bytes.
Send a reply to the given key with the given message. The key is the filename of
Add the authentication headers to the given HTTP connection. If the tenantid is null the default
Add a selection listener to the list of listeners for selection events. The listener will be called
Prints a new line to the output stream.
Returns a string representation of the capabilities.
Set the clientid and clientcomms to be used for debugging purposes.
Alters the case of the given string according to the current case setting.
Returns true if the ack required for this message has been received or false if the message is
Returns the string representation of this array.
Add a reporter icon to the menu.
Draws the selection rectangle if the selection fill paint is enabled or outline paint is turned on.
Sets the cause of the conversion exception.
Returns true if the given exportgroup has connectivity to all the given storagesystems.
Construct a new derivation from a marked node and a set of features extracted from it.
Tests that _str + _num is a positive number and that _num is a positive
Checks that the string is a testradix - 24 negative number.
Convert a commontree into a cabstractorexpression.
Display a panel in the current window with the specified title. The panel will be placed in
Sets the JSON tokenizer to use for the next token in the input stream.
Compresses the input string into a trie and writes it to the output stream.
Adds a tokenizer factory to the builder. The tokenizer factory will be called when the builder is
Compute the offset for the azimuth label based on the given radius and maximum radius.
Adds the keys and values from a resource bundle to the list of defaults.
This method is called when the display has been changed. This method is called when the display
Returns a stream of the methods of the given class or an empty stream if there are no
Update the address of the frontend and the server manager for the given application.
Removes the item at the specified position from the list. If the specified position is greater than
Choose a random enemy from the list of enemy forces.
Returns true if the destination route is valid for the given protecting block and false otherwise.
Sort the given list of storagepools by their average port metrics and then by the given comparator
Adds a collection of overlays to the current overlays.
Create a resource for the given path. If the path starts with classpathresource or fileres
Returns true if the version is older than the leopard version.
Returns an enumeration of the options contained in this option list.
Escapes a string for use in an XML content - escape sequence.
Feeds forward the input to the activations and derivatives. The activations and derivatives are
Finds a file in the given directory with the given name. If the file does not exist
Returns true if the solr server comparses the results of the queries.
Returns an arraylist containing the values of the elements that match the given XPath expression.
Creates a new context from the current gl context.
Collapses the tree into the first row of the tree. The first row of the
Queue a player to be re - placed in the thread pool. This is done by submit
Remove a vetoablechangelistener from the vetoablechangelistener list.
Sets the throughput of the stream. This is used to set the throughput of the stream.
Parse the command from the command line arguments.
Edits an existing bookmark with the given ID and JSON data. The JSON data must be
Converts a UTF - 32 string to a UTF - 8 string.
Creates the bounds of the widget.
Records a pattern in the row.
Finds a method with a list of parameters. The method name is the method name and the
Returns the index of the first illegal character in the source string or - 1 if there are
Decodes a byte buffer into a character buffer.
This method is called when a new fast clock minute occurs. This method is called when the
Add a creaturerespawnpoint.
load all orgaccess objects for this role from the database into the given list.
Test that the JSON source is the same as the JSON source of the JSON source of the
Generate a certificate from the given inputstream.
Returns a string representation of the given object in pretty - printed format.
Returns the generaterolling periods for the given datetimeunit. The generaterolling
Find a counter by key. If the counter is not in the cache create a new one
Adds a sms message to the given resolver.
This is the main method of the test. It loads the character data from the element with
Sets the engine mode. This method will throw an illegalargumentexception if the mode is not
Expungestaleentries removes all the entries in the queue that are no longer in the
This method is called when the work item is added to the work item list. This method
Override firevetoablechange to fire a property change event to all child - support.
This method is called when the storage volume is full backup. It is called when the storage
Remove a connection from the list of connections in the specified tab.
Paint the paintrangerings between the origin point and the destination point.
Replace unix and windows separators with windows separators.
Translate the input buffer and append the remaining bytes to the output buffer at the current position.
Optimize the given trie by lifting up all rows from the original trie and then removing
Installs a handler that will be called after the request has been handled.
Try to shutdown the connection if it is not already shutting down and the connection is still open
Create a new storage entity with the given name storage platform and attributes.
Display the infoline string. If the infoline string is longer than the number of characters
Formats the given string with the given arguments and flushes the output to the console.
This test fails if _str is not in the identityscope of the current system scope.
Invokes a static method on the given class with the given name with the given arguments.
An abstract class that can be used to annotate a regular expression with a number of characters.
removeloopsafepoint removes a loop from the first loop in the graph
This method is called when a new item is bound to the view holder. This method is
This testcase is used to test the sign of the number. This testcase is used
Adds the given min and max values to this histogram.
Returns a date that is the first day of the year before the specified number of days.
Returns the number of items remaining in the buffer.
Calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation to the specified output stream.
Puts the given data into the heap and returns the offset of the old data.
Override paint in order to paint the border of the cell.
Adds a label and a textfield to the panel.
Called when the trackpointstart event is received. This method is called when the trackpoint
Combines a list of byte arrays into a single byte array.
Commit the current state of the policy. This method is called when the policy is committed.
Returns true if the worker should be canspawned.
Returns true if this sessionid is equal to the given object.
Returns true if the given offlineplayer is the same as the given offlineplayer.
Adds a name and value pair to the list of names and values to be parsed.
Returns the string representation of this instance without the header.
Returns true if the value is always non - null.
Removes the item at the specified position from the specified list.
Set the name of the view bean. This is the name of the view bean.
Returns true if this gesture has been consumed.
Initializelayer method. Creates a list of neurons with the given number of nodes
Returns the angle between the y - axis and the x - axis.
Notifies listeners that a neuron has been moved to another neuron.
Create an X. 509 certificate from a byte array.
Called when a selection is changed. This is called when the user clicks on a tap or
Parse the termsack source into a termsack parser. The termsack parser will parse the
Formats the given string with the given parameters.
Sets the server to connect to.
executesecount - execute the count query and return a response packet with the count.
Calculate the confidence value based on the number of records and the number of base counts.
Adds a parameter to the list of parameters. If the parameter already exists it will be overwritten
Reads a byte array from an inputstream and stores it in the internal data array.
Returns the type of the given value in the given locale using the given pattern and locale.
Adds a new limitline to the list of limitlines. If the number of limitlines
Reads the function and data from the specified data input stream.
Read the next chunk of data from the buffer into the given byte array at the given position
Inflates the contents of the given byte array into the given result array. If the previous
Returns an array of the items in this queue. The elements are copied into a new array
Draws a list of legends to the graph.
Fetch the metadata for a table from the database. If the table is not in the cache
Encodes the data into a string. The data is encoded as UTF - 8 using UTF -
Read len bytes from the underlying stream.
Flushes the log records to the log file. This method will block until all log records
pagecreatorbuttons creates a list of pages from a list of pages and a manualtype.
posposfirstlonger test.
Creates a new export mask workflow for the given list of initiator URIs.
Returns true if this number is less than or equal to the given percentage.
Returns the edge URI for the given key.
Reads a short from the Mdexfile.
Returns a list of inaviproject objects that can be used by the given debuggermanager
Syllabifies the given phonestring using the syllabifier.
Remove a node from the frontier.
Checks if the given path points to a file.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Sets the port of the zookeeper server to use as the log directory. The log directory is
Creates a new basiccondition with the given variable value and a given relation.
Read a set of stopwords from the given path.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Mark the current generation as broken and update the count of parties and signal all of the
Filter points based on a given tolerance. If the tolerance is less than the number of points
Sends a message to the syslog server using the given component and message. The callback will be
Writes the stacktrace of the given throwable to the given streamoutput.
Creates a new distributedlogmultistreamwriter.
Convert a number to a string. If the number is greater than or equal to _str
Loads the image element with the specified ID.
Set the register values for this thread.
Sets the configuration parameters to be used in the launcher discovery request. The keys of the map
Returns true if the button is triggered. This method is used to determine if the button is
Adds all of the elements in the specified array to the array at the specified index.
Calculates the sum of the play counts for each week in the week count array. The sum
Remove an onesheeldscanningcallback from the list of callbacks.
Paints a rectangle on the back - image.
Sample a value from the acquire and release counters. The value is stored in the _value
Returns true if the given row is a page break.
Shuts down the executor service. This method should be called when the executor service is stopped
Returns true if the given character is a proposition symbol identifier part.
Write a diagonal matrix to the standard output.
Search for the first occurrence of pat in txt and return the index of the first occurrence.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Converts the string to a string of characters using the specified indices. The indices are assumed to
Truncates the given string to the given length. If the given string is longer than the
Removes all transactions from the block at the given height. This method is safe for concurrent access
Load the script and return true if the script was executed successfully or false if the script was
Set the dirty region to the given coordinates.
Sorts the given fields in ascending order. The order of the fields must be the same as
Returns true if the current point is less than the successthreashold and false
Start the location service.
Delete the configuration file for the specified resource type and dataset name. The file will be deleted
Creates a new busmovement object and registers it with the control system.
Removes the most recently used file from the set of files to be deleted. Returns the number
Create the GUI panel and add it to the tabbedpane.
Returns a random float between lowerlimit and upperlimit.
The adapter factory for the item providers. The adapter factory is responsible for generating the appropriate adapter
Adds a new tracer to the list of active tracers. If the tracer is already active
Grows the internal buffer by a new size and copies the contents of this buffer into it
Damages the current value by the given value.
ConcurrentEventSonemptyregion is a version that does not have an empty region.
Creates a new graph with the current state of the graph. The graph is constructed from the
Removes the version number from the given string. If the given string is null returns null.
Query the server for inventory information. If queryskudetails is true then query skud
This method is called when an incoming object is analyzed. It calculates the raw score of the
Read the contents of a file as a string. If no encoding is specified the default encoding
Set the embayesestimatoreditor from an embayesestimatorwrapper
Check if the savedatodisk flag is set. If it is set the savedat
Writes a map to an XML stream using the specified XML serializer. If the map is null
Returns true if the key at the given index needs to be preloaded.
Generates a random token for the given address.
Perform the type check on the basicblocks in the IR. This method is called by the
Run the given task with retries. If the task throws an exception it will be retried.
Packs the value into an array if it is a list. If it is an array
Remove an interrupt request from the queue.
Called when the heatmap failed to update.
Inflate a drawable by its id.
Returns the offset in bytes of the given field in the object.
Adds an annotation to the chart.
Writes a byte array to the buffer at the given offset. If the buffer is null throws
Encrypts and concatenates the given ciphertext with the given IV. The resulting ciphertext will be
Sets the timestamp of the event.
Create a new materialpackage from a list of generictracks. The generictrack
Returns the edge with the shortest edge between p0 and p1 or null if there is
Acquires the sequence probabilities for the given string.
Called when a health issue has been resolved. If the issue is active the eventbus will
Decodes a base64 encoded string into a byte array.
Returns true if the class is found in the database. If finaltry is set to true
Add a new value to the aggregation set. If the new value is a byte array then
Returns true if the entity with the given name has been parsed. If the entity is not
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream.
URL - encode the given text.
Override processfocusevent to hide the popup when the focus is lost.
Add a request property to this connection.
Executes the given abortabletask. If the abortabletask throws an exception the
Serialize the given value into a bytebuffer.
Load all the submissions from the jplagcentral server.
Get the bit value of the given string.
Move to the next record in the stream.
Composes a component of a and b.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given outputstream.
Removes the given listener from the list of listeners for this Treemodel.
Sets the host IP and scheme from the given name. The name is assumed to be a
Adds a view to the projectedstream.
Reads the next speech record from the recorder and stores it in mrecording.
Reset the candiesstore.
Returns a hash code for the given object.
Adds a parameter template to the list of templates to be used in the template processor.
Attach an image from the camera to the activity. The camera will be attached to the activity
Returns the minimum of two numbers ignoring any nan values.
Unregister this service with the given mbeanserver. If the given name is null the service name
Match the input string with the given pattern and return the first group of the input string.
Return the source form for an initializer annotation value.
Creates a new byte buffer with the given capacity. The new byte buffer will be in little
Add a new value to the histogram.
Checks that the given collection attribute is valid for the given set of collections. If it is
Puts a string into the buffer. The string must be non - null.
This method is called when an external entity declaration is encountered. This method is called by the
Set the alpha of the holtwinters model.
Create a classdescriptor from a fieldsignature string.
check the serviceticket response and throw an exception if the response is not ok or system
Schedules the given task for execution after the given delay. If the delay is less than the
Draws a filled ellipse at the specified coordinates with the specified semimajoraxis and semim
Swap the current cursor with the new cursor and return the new cursor. The newcursor is
Lock the flush lock. This method is thread - safe and should not be called concurrently with
Returns true if the given class can be used as a random string or idiscordclient
Generate a generatenative GUID for the given device type and serial number.
Creates a new secretkeys object from a base64 encoded key string. The key string must
Create a writable child of this raster. The child will be placed at x0 y0
Sort the children of the given node. The children are added to the given parent node.
Returns the number of random elements in the Poisson distribution with the given probability lambda.
Returns true if a builtinsound with the given identifier is available.
Returns an iterator over the registered serializers. The iterator is guaranteed to be non - null.
Checks that the given key is valid. If not throws a malformedobjectnameexception.
Returns true if the server is shutting down and false if it is not.
Initializes the component. This method should be called by subclasses to initialize the component.
Drawarc the Marionette ring using the Marionette dash mode
Format the given date according to the given format and locale and timezone.
Decodes the given input into a byte array. The input is assumed to have the same length
Sets the algorithm to use for the messagedigest.
Sorts an array of integers in ascending order and returns a new array of the same length.
Copies the access control levels from this instance to the given list of access control levels.
Puts the given bytebuffer into this response s content - length. The bytebuffer must be
Handle a response from the server. This is called when the server responds with a response.
Request a follower or a subscriber from the server.
Remove a view from the hierarchy if it is hidden. If the view is hidden it is
Consumes a consumecssidentifier from the current position up to the next non - empty
Test populate 1kbwrites.
Serialize this message to the given serializer.
Rollback to the temporary file. If the temporary file doesn t exist it will be created.
Parse the x and y coordinates from a geometry string.
Writes the given data to the next packet in the sendmsgqueue. If no packet is
Returns the last index of the specified object in the array or - 1 if the object is
Returns true if the undo list is non - empty and false if there is no undo list
This method calculates the destination for the given UX file and stores it in the given destination
Called when a single event is received from the project. If the event is an updated or
Called when the user clicks on the mouse.
Update the list of visible ids in the content manager. The list must be sorted by priority
Add this node to the semnodestable. If the node is already in the sem
Show the previous notification. This method is called when the user clicks on the previous notification.
Calls the super method and writes the value of isleaf and numentries to the specified output
Internal method to add an input node to the list of input nodes. This method is called
Initializes the database with the given configuration.
Register an object to be read from the wire.
Register an addextension header with the given classname. The header name will be converted
Merge this frame with the given frame.
The main method of the keytool. This is the main method of the keytool.
Smooths naptoposition. This is called when the user clicks on a
Update the value of the property to the value of 2 in the properties file.
Unassign a set of services from an organization.
Expands the cluster by adding the point to the cluster. The point is added to the
Get the elements of a float array from the given JNI environment.
prepare transfers to be sent to the remote end of a bulk transfer. This method is called
Output all the full lines of the string in the left buffer and the right buffer.
Add a new payment to a user. This is a simple method. It is used to
Register all namespaces that have not been registered. This method is called when a namespace has been
Remove all allobjects from the list.
Sets the deletedisplayname field.
Create a new type from the given AST and variable declaration.
Deletes the directory and all of its contents.
Wait for iteratorscleared after the specified number of seconds. If the cache is empty
Adds the given lifecyclelistener to the list of registered listeners.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of _str in fullpath or - _num if no
Destroys the volume. If force is set to true the volume will not be destroyed.
Perform a stack spline on a set of points. The points are assumed to be in
Check if the cooldown setting is valid.
Converttobytes the number of bytes to the given megabytes.
Generates the long name for the zonesetclonename based on the specified string.
Write a signature block to the outputstream.
Builds a SELECT statement from the given parameters.
Show the button using the specified animation.
Returns true if the given key ends with the URI key suffix.
Receive data from the device.
add ofchannelhandler and send rolerequest
Sends a byte array to the connection. If an IOexception occurs the connection will be closed
Copy the elements of the given collection to this array.
Convert an HTTP entity to a byte array.
Adds an argument to the tail of the command line.
Sets the namespace to be used for inline URIs. This is only used for internal use.
Calculates the variable coefficient for a given variogram at a given set of points.
Deserializes an object from a file.
Returns true if this segment is a merged segment of the given name.
Create a cipherparameters object from a pbekeyspec and a type and a hash.
Add a list of easeemojicongroupentities to the addemojicong
Called at the end of a sample.
Returns true if the given path should be included based on the configured include matchers.
Generate the specified number of units using the specified unit filter.
Concatenate two automata objects into a single automaton. The first automaton is the
This method is called when the contents of the list has changed. It is called when the
Creates a partitioned histogram from an array of quantiles and the number of partitions.
Reads an object from an input stream.
testconstructor_inetaddressi testconstructor_inetaddressi testconstructor
Convert a user input into a fully qualified path. If the input is already an absolute path
Returns a new resize timestamp with the specified number of leading zeros set to zero.
Read a single byte from the input stream.
Expands the key derivation function into a byte array of the specified length with the specified
Returns true if the given emoticon is ignored by this emoticon manager.
Returns true if the given property name is allowed to be accessed by this context.
Read a roster from a file.
testconstructorsignbyteszeronull2 - > testconstructorsignbyteszeron
Accept a new file descriptor and return the number of accepted files.
Transcode an SVG file using the given transcoder. The transcoder will be used to
Report the progress of the current download. This is called when the progress of the download is
Create a new document.
Sets the sascore and grain for this SCES asset. The sascore is
handletblrequesthandlerlistbuttonaddrequest handletblrequesthandlerlistbuttonaddrequest
Draw a single data point on the specified graphics object with the specified size and shape.
Chunk a set of objects into a single message. The set must be sorted in ascending order
Parse the metadata information into an array of column indices. The array will contain the indices of
Find a field in the given object. If the field is not found an exception is thrown
Creates a new SSL session from a byte array.
Adds the dumpfile to the list of files to dump.
Format a date according to the ordinal of the year and dayofyear fields.
Returns true if the given pagenumber is in the range of the sequence starts and ends.
This method is called when the object is no longer needed. It is called when the object
Convert a collection of dimensional item objects into a list of objects.
Put index templaterequest aliases.
Add a new table to the system catalog.
removelistener removes the given configuration listener from the list of registered listeners.
Reclaim all the scrapviews.
Opens the connection to the Dowindow. This method is called when the Dowindow
Schedules a task for execution. The task will be executed in the order specified by the priority
Computes a hash code for two objects. The result is the result of calling identityhashcode
Parse a vector string into an array of doubles.
Returns a string containing the global information about this object.
Concatenate two streams into a single stream. The resulting stream will be closed when either of
Find all the elements in the iterator and initialize the iterator with their values. The iterator is
Decode an XML document into a datasource properties object. The datasource properties will be returned in the
Move the cursor to the next character in the text segment.
Adjusts the rowheights of the given table to match the preferred size of the cells
Get a list of volumes that are referenced by the given URIs. If delete is true the
Parse the given string into an array of formatstrings.
Updates the index column buttons depending on the current selection index.
Generate a URL for a Poisearch request.
Wait for decoding tofinish. This is done by waiting for _num milliseconds to
Returns a Wikitoplaintext version of the given string.
Update the input buffer with the given input. The input buffer must have the same length as
Create the packed parameters for the graphics context.
Executes an UPDATE statement with the given parameters. Returns the number of affected rows or - 1
Returns true if the subject is a lock subject false if it is a lock subject.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Adds an action to this quickactionview.
Display the help in the specified file. If the file does not exist throw an exception.
Stores the latitude and longitude of a point in the preferences file.
Returns either the best point or null if there is no best point.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Convert a row of jsonarray to a string.
removetable removes the table with the given name from the database.
Returns true if the given category is a bug category in the set of bug categories.
isvolumefullcopysource - check if the volume is full copy source or not.
Checks that two linear regression models have the same coefficients probabilities standardized errors and tolerances
Check if the user has permission to access this resource. If not return a failure message.
Test the result of a quorum operation.
Request a set of permissions after the explanation of the user has been granted to the user.
Pause the current thread for the specified duration. If the current thread throws an exception log it
Writes a string to the output stream. If an IOexception occurs the log level will be
Reads characters from the underlying stream. This method is not thread - safe and should not be
Reads an integer from the input stream.
Call a method of a non - virtual boolean type.
Returns true if any of the child blocks of the given programblock contains the given variable.
Sets the rootfolder of the project to be imported. The rootfolder can be a file
This test fails if _str is null and _num is not greater than _num.
Returns true if the given class is registered in the registry.
Loads the class with the given name. If the class is not found an exception is thrown
Wait for all operations to complete.
Returns true if all test components in the test geometry have the same exterior as the test
This method is called by the rest of the request. It is called by the rest of
Sets the endpoint URL and security modes.
Parse a value from the input stream. If the next character in the stream is not a
Creates a new timeseries collection with the default time zone. The default time zone is used.
Creates a list with three elements.
Allocates a new byte array of the specified size.
Adds a float attribute to the current element.
Create a new directory in a container.
Fill an array of plaellipse with a graphics object.
Set the zoom domain axes. This method is called when the domain axes are zoomed.
Refresh the due challengecounts from the mduechallengelogic
Sets the identity for the given dimension.
Converts a buffered image into an imagedata that can be used to visualize the color
Returns true if the unlimited strength policy is available.
Returns the rsslim of the field as a long.
Adds the totals to the table.
Fills a stringbuffer with the stacktrace elements.
Returns true if the specified filetype is supported by any of the midifilewriters.
Sets the ismutable property to _bool if it is set to _bool otherwise it is
Returns a random number in the range [ 0 1 ).
amsetupdsconfig - Get the default values for the DS manager and the base directory.
Increments the number of workers in the current thread by one and sets the current worker count
Make all the items in the viewlist at the given fingerposition.
Returns true if the given path is a Windows path.
Process an attribute string of type T_CHAR into a character object.
Adds a child element with the given name and value to the given element.
Returns true if the segment is balanced. The segment is balanced if at least one
parseattributes - parses the attributes of the XML file and returns them as an attributes object.
Reads the contents of a file into a byte array.
The streamapi test for the encoding of an encoded string. This test fails if the encoded
Adds a term to the split condition.
This method is called when the threshold is reached. It creates a temp file and writes the
Removes an interval from the list. The interval must be in the range [ index0 index
Rebuildeventlist - Rebuildevent list.
Creates a diskstorefactory for this database.
deletes all directories under the given root directory and returns true if all directories have been deleted
Puts the specified bytes into the response body.
Mark the given ropreg and category as reserved.
Register the default resolvers. These resolvers will be used by the server and will be used by
Process the authentication response for the given HTTP method. This method is called when the HTTP method
Release a byte array back to the pool. If the pool is full the byte array is
This method is used to configure the pipeline to be executed. The pipeline will be executed in
Initializes the list of acceptable methods.
Adds an order to the list of active orders and returns true if the order was added.
Puts a packet into the buffer. This method is called when the buffer is ready to be
Writes an array of strings to an XML stream.
Unify the usernames in the given devnamemap into a new username for each commit.
Sets the connection and table to be used by the JDBC driver. This method should be called
Store a throwable in the exception stack. If the throwable is not already in the exception stack
This method is called when the log message is received from the server. This method is called
Read the data from the given URL into a byte array. The data is read from the
Returns true if the current time is after the specified check time. If the current time is
Creates a new network with a random id. The id is automatically generated if it is not
Returns a string representation of the given number of bytes in the form of kiloby
Create a pending intent from the given class name. If the class name is not found null
Returns true if the method is static.
Test for equality of a random string. This is done by comparing a random string with a
Unify lineseparators from the given string.
Decrypt the given encrypted key using the given password. The encrypted key must be encrypted using the
Sets the platform configurations for the given platforms. The platform configuration will be used to determine the
Fill the view with the selected item and its children from the selection. This method is called
Find a field in the given object. If the field is not found an exception is thrown
Calculates the position of the break at the given x0 position in the text area.
Returns a simplex representation of this line.
Injects the content into the destination file.
Returns true if the given character sequence is null or the length of the character sequence is the
Create a boolean setting from the raw settings. If the setting is not found return the default
This method is called when a client disconnects from the server. This method is called when
Returns a marshalled wrapper for the given template or null if the template does not match any
Generate a unique key. This key is used to generate a unique identifier for the user.
Copy the values of this vector into a new double array. The elements in the vector are
Delete the file or directory at the given path. If the path points to a directory the
Initializes the regular expression pattern. This is done by replacing all placeholders with quotation marks and
Adds a line of text to the given file.
Update the attachmentpoint map if the size of the attachmentpoints is different from the current size
Removes the softwrap at the given offset from the end of this list.
Format the given double as a string with the current string.
Truncate a string to a certain length.
Returns a sorted set of elements in the range [ start end ).
Checks if the legion is disbanding and if so disbands the legion
Index the given field in the tuple t. If the field does not exist nothing is done
Iterate from self to to to until to is greater than or equal to to.
Parse the attributes of an OSP element. This method is used to parse the attributes of
Reads the given number of bytes from the inputstream into the given buffer.
Insert a fullscreeninfo object into a list of fullscreeninfo objects.
Creates an inputstream from a file or URL. If the location points to a file the
Adds an item to the list. The item will be added to the end of the list
Copy the CIF ACLs from origacllist to shareacllist.
Parse the resourcelist string and return a ResourcelistParser object.
Delete entitlements.
Incorporates the signed properties and the signatures of this object. This method is called
Creates a channelselection for a contrast method.
Computes the mean of the values at the specified indices.
Returns the depth of this node. This is the depth of the node in the tree.
Run the domrmwtest with the given properties.
Import the selected file into the htmltext field.
Method to fetch the list of file cos ids from the server.
Add a scaling state monitor task to the task queue and start monitoring.
Inserts a new child node into the given parent node at the given index.
Returns the maximum value of the distribution.
Writes a list of lines to a file. If the file does not exist it will be
Verify that the given chunk authtag matches the one stored in the file at the given
Guess the MIME type from an extension. If the extension is not recognized null is returned.
Register a methodbinder. This method will register the methodbinder as an object binder
Parse the routefile into a document.
Remove a dteddirectoryhandler from the list of directory handlers.
Add a file to a content provider.
Reads the next token from the input stream and stores it in the lookahead array.
Split the original vector into a new vector of varbinds from the given limit.
initurbansimzonewriter initializes the urbansimparcelwriter.
This method is called when the dialog is reset. This method is called when the dialog is
Adds a task to be run in a thread - safe manner. The task will be executed
Replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Migrates all entities in the database. Returns the number of migrated entities.
Captures a string in the map if it s not the same as the old string.
Called when a child thread is resumed. This method is called when a child thread is
Draws the x - axis labels on the specified canvas. The x - axis labels are drawn
Encodes the given byte array into a UTF - 8 string. If the byte array is already
Compares two ecfieldf2m objects and returns true if they are the same.
Make a new instance of the EslaializerPOjo.
Load binary data from an inputstream. The inputstream must be a fileinputstream or
Returns true if the given classnode is a woslot type.
Specify the sections to be used in the specification runner. The sections can be specified in the
Consumes the next character from the input stream.
Process the logout request and return the sessionid of the logout request.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object. If the object is a coverage
Accept the given file. This method is called when a new file is requested to be processed
Adds a list of option names and values to a list of command line arguments.
Returns the current activity. If the current activity is null throws an illegalstateexception.
Starts the scan. This method is called when the scan is started. The scan is started
Returns true if the given URL is a landing page.
Write the index count definitions for the given table creator. The index count is the number of
Sends the given string to the client.
Initializes the timer with the given number of delays. The timer is scheduled with a fixed
Returns a _fields object for the given thrift fieldid or null if the fieldid is
Returns the string representation of the value of the bean.
Returns the path part of the given filename with the given number of separators added. If the
Signs the given content with the given MIME content and writes the signature to the given output
Returns true if the next item in the buffer matches the given match string.
Deserializes an object from the given byte array using the given classloader.
Initialize this interval with the given parameters. This method should only be called from the constructor.
Returns the value of the specified key in the specified dictionary as a boolean.
Returns the shopping cart item.
Bind the given outputstream to the current outputstream. If the current outputstream is already
Set the current zoom level and translate the mapview to match the current image.
Computes the kew of a sample given a moment and a sample variance. The kew
Extract a span from a range of HTML spans. This method assumes that the start and end
Called when the chain is finished. This method should be called when the chain is finished.
Returns true if the timer has a delay. This is true if the timer has a delay
Push a space handling value onto the stack. If the value is null then the stack is
Frees the resources associated with this context. This method is called when the context is closed
Sets the input stream reader. The input stream reader is used to read the data from the
This method is called when a message is delivered to a consumer. It is called by the
Decodes a message into a string. If the message is encoded as a boolean the string is
votedreclassifyexample is called when a new example is added to the decision list
Returns the identity hash code of this object.
Creates a clone of this iterator. The clone is a copy of the current iterator and copies
Example of how to use bigqueryio. This method is intended to be used for testing
Returns true if the key toadd is in the keychain false otherwise.
Adds data to the script. If the length of the data is equal to the number of
Sets the rotation angle for all the planes in this matrix builder.
Write the users and groups to the users. xml file in the given configdir.
Returns the string representation of the given double value.
decodehanzisegment reads count bytes from bitsource and appends them to result.
Create a new record with the given name address class and metadata.
Start the CPU timer.
Looks up an audio file from the database. If the file does not exist it is created
Adds the given condition to the list of conditions. The condition s id will be incremented.
Read a byte array from a byte buffer.
Finds the package name and class name from the input file. If no package name is found
Log a message and a throwable if debug mode is on.
Fetch the list of target virtual pools from the database.
Reads the namespace data from the given file. The file must have the same length as the
Returns the cardinality of this BitSet.
Returns a literal with escaped characters replaced by the literal s string representation. The literal s string
Get the cookie uri from the uri and the httpcookie. If the cookie has a domain
Log a message at the INFO level. Arguments are handled in the manner of String. format
Adds the given value to the given list if both sourcelist and value are not
DNewKeystoreType Method. This method is called when the user opens a new key
Print the string representation of a long field.
Replaces all occurrences of a string with another string in the input string. The input string is
Removes a listener from the list of listeners.
This is the main loop of the config processor. It runs in a separate thread. It
Clamp a magnitude value to be within the range specified by the absmin and absmax
Read an object from an input stream.
Returns the index of the pre - block lock corresponding to the source block index or - 1
Create a file writer that can write data to the given file. The file will be opened
Appends the program description to the given wrappingstringbuilder.
Decodes a base64 string into a byte array. This method is not thread - safe.
Convert a file or URL to a URL. If the file is not found return null.
Parse a value from the input string.
Returns a copy of the string with all upper case characters converted to upper case.
Updates the list of environment variables. If the list is null then all environment variables are updated
Generates the class names for the given string. The class names are generated from the characters in
This method is called when a timestampstogateways event is received. It is called
Returns the next token that matches the given regular expression. If there is no next token an
Remove a node from the list of nodes in the cluster.
Returns the content of the response as a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Sends the key to the handshaker and receives the response.
Calculates and sets the minimum value of the histogram.
Emits the next taskcountallowed bytes from the queue. If the queue is full the
Rotates around the x - axis by the given angle.
This method is called when auditing is completed. It is called when auditing is completed
Scales the center of the rect by the given scale.
Parse an unprintable extended character handler from a list of codestrings.
Returns the height of the line in pixels based on the specified measurespec.
Returns true if the given id is null or equal to the null_uri.
Update the list of pending download requests. This method will block until the list has room.
If value is between startvalue and endvalue return it. If value is between startvalue
Creates a new title with the current version number and the given title.
Returns true if the device is connected to the given network type. If the network type is
Deletes the item at the specified position.
Calculates the channel index based on the source channel and destination channel and the distance and offset.
Add a new startuplistener to the list of startuplisteners.
Close a channel quietly. This is useful when you want to close a channel that is
Runs the task pool and returns a future that will be completed when all the files have been
Creates a key from the given byte array and offset. The key is stored in _num
Checks that the descriptor is valid and throws an illegalargumentexception if it is not.
Creates a new JSOutput instance for the given module.
Returns the text of the nodes in the tree. The text is the text of the nodes
Adds a new line to the output.
Write the string to the given stringbuffer. The stringbuffer will be backed by this object
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Executes the given command asynchronously with the given handler. The handler will be called when the command
Creates a new instance of libertymanagerclient. Libertymanagerclient is a
Check if compliance attributes are present in the attribute set. If not throw an amexception.
Update the zone infomap for the given list of initiators and storageports.
Wait for an invitation answer to arrive and return the invitation status.
Returns the x - prime for the given number of variables. The x - prime is the
Returns the number of components in the set.
testroundmathcontextprecision0 - test roundmathcontext precision 0
Remove words that are less than less_freq_ratio or less than minimum_freq.
Parse a public key selector from its string representation.
Generates a tag hashmap for the given partitions and tags. The tag hashmap is sorted
Describes the detail of the path flattening.
Shortens a class name by removing the last dot of c from the end of nam.
Adds a graphic to the end of the list. This method is safe for concurrent access.
Returns a string representation of the type parameter type return type and exceptions. The string representation is
Flips the specified buffer.
Adds a property restriction to this restriction.
Initialise Google Analytics with the given trackerid and exception parser.
This method is called when the turn is moved. It updates the speed and jitter accordingly.
Reads the service id from the given input stream.
This method is called when an element has been consumed. It pushes the current attributes onto the
Add a finally block to the bytecode.
Returns the next meta - data from the JSON stream or false if there are no more data
Writes a JSON string representation of the given collection to the given writer. If the collection is
Read a colortable from the rawdata buffer.
Updates the last modified time of the file. If the file is in read - only mode
Add a private key to a keystore.
Returns true if the given file needs to be reloaded.
Adds a repository definition to the request. The length of the repository definition must match the length
Disables the buttons.
Returns true if the given string is an additivenumber of this number.
Writes the given string to the log.
Adds a nodeporttuple to the quarantinequeue if it is not already there
Creates and returns a sortinfo object for the columns of the dictionary.
Adds a point feature to the feature list. If the feature is not a polygon or a
Sets the value of this bitstring to true or false depending on the value of the given
Sorts the individuals according to the given comparator. If the comparator is null then all individuals are
Writes the contents of the buffer to the given writer.
Sets the executor to the default executor. The default executor is set to the default executor.
Returns true if the given method is a CGlib renamed method.
This method is called when a pwreset exception is thrown. This method is called by the
Returns the union of the two arrays. If both arrays are null returns the first array.
Check if the window is in a state change. If the window is in a withdraw
Execute the XPATH expression and return the result as an xobject. The XPATH expression
Returns the top n localtime values in the time series. The top n localtime values
Grab the class name from a class signature.
Sets the values of the timeseries metric deltaset.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Returns the next element in the vector.
Escapes the bytes in the given bytestring according to the normalization rules defined in RFC 3986
Repeats all the given number of times and appends them to the end of the input
Renames all the attributes and methods in this class to the given classnames.
This method is called when the user clicks on the button 3 request. This method is called
This method is called when an exception is thrown. It is called when an exception is thrown
Returns the Euclidean distance between this point and this point.
Override done to handle handletestrunfailed events.
Returns a list of the challenges in this response.
Returns a byte array representation of the given SSL session. If the session is not an SSL
Initializes the Mersennetwister instance.
Verifies that the timestamp matches the timestamp of the certificate. If the timestamp does not match the
Encrypt the password with the seed and return the result as an array of bytes.
Returns the number of rows in the result set.
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Writes a message to a byte array that is checked. This is used to write a message
Reduceto the image to the specified width and height. If the image is larger than
Installs a built - insound with the given identifier and inputstream.
Counts the number of pages in the given list of template fragments filtered by the given whitelist.
Returns the index of the given name in the given table or - 1 if not found.
Score the tracks with the given search query and add the result to the output collection.
Returns the current time in milliseconds as a percentage of the number of seconds since the epoch.
Encodes the given latitude and longitude into a byte array.
Puts a long volatile into an object starting at offset off.
Executes a list of commands on the remote host.
Draws a circle at the specified coordinates.
Prints a double value to the output stream.
Writes a 32 - bit integer to the stream.
Map a bytesequence to a string builder.
Adds a listener which is called when the button is pressed.
Release resources associated with this object. This method is called when the object is no longer needed
Fill the attribute at the given index with the value of the attribute at the given index.
Creates a property gui component for the given property consumer. The property gui is created using the
Copy data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Deserializes the kdbheader from the given input stream.
Run the test.
Returns true if all permissions have been granted for the current user.
Fetch charset from cache.
Paint this layer on the given graphics context. This method is called when the layer is drawn
Adds a pilotingrolldata object to the list of control rolls.
Process the addon changes and update the dialog if needed.
Re - derives the color from the uimanager. If the uimanager is
Returns a string representation of the given OID array.
This method is called when the thread is idle. It increases the number of idle threads
Adds a span to the span forking it if it doesn t already exist.
Returns true if this name is equal to the given object.
Repaint all the children of this panel.
Validates that the input is a valid DNS name. Throws an exception if the input is invalid
Read a comment from the input string at the given index.
Finds the next occurrence of a separator in a string and appends it to a string builder.
Try to guess the content - type from the given URL.
Extract the csvoutputlinedomain from the given csvout string.
Connect to the logwriter.
The docacheheadervalidation method is used to check if the docache header is valid.
Show the active ivr zoneset.
Returns an immutable array with an empty element. Note that this method does not throw an exception
Replacenon optional non - minus nodes with the given ordered list of nodes.
Returns a string representation of the accountable object.
Returns the hash code for this value.
Delete a typevertex of a given typecategory.
Read a list of strings from the given reader into a list of strings.
Add a cachecontext to the context.
Returns true if the given method is a cglibgetcallbacks method.
Compares this namedmediatype with another namedmediatype.
Returns true if any of the dependencies in the dependency list have been modified since the last check
Creates a new image element with the specified width and height. If the image is not available
Returns true if this version is greater than or equal to the given version.
Creates a new jdbcdatasource based on the given properties.
Returns a set of all locations for the given object.
Scroll the current item to the center of the view.
Adds a metaobject to the list of metaobjects. If the metaobject already exists it
Remove a word from the list of words.
This testcase 1 is the same as above but the result is the same as the result
Add an item to the list of recent items.
Test invokeall2. This method is used to test if the executor service is a fork
Adds a package to the list of packages that have been added to the configuration.
Close the underlying input stream. This method is called when the underlying input stream is closed.
Create the volume and blockmirrordata.
Start the coap server.
Retains all the elements in this list from the given list to the end of this list
This method is called when an exception is caught in the session. If the exception is an
Clear the localization result and reset the localization result text. This is called when the result is
Returns a string representation of the given collection. If the collection is empty returns the empty string
Returns the value between min and max.
Replaces all occurrences of a placeholder in a stringbuffer with the given parameters.
Returns the index of the qualifier in the array node that matches qualname and qualvalue.
Returns true if the given frameid is allowed to receive multiple frames.
Parse the given XML file and return the configuration as an array of strings. The XML file
Create a new RPF file with the given paths. The output file will be written to
Add an event to the event queue and notify all waiting threads.
Selects a server alias for the given keytype and issuers.
Process a BMP image. This method is called when a BMP image is received.
Set the path handler for the given path.
Load all the lines from the input source into the output stream.
Loads the ignorefile. If the ignorefile is null the default exclude pattern is used.
Removes an argument from the argument list. If the argument is null an illegalargumentexception is
Returns true if the given string looks like a known list type.
Set the value of an attribute in the PKCS9 format.
Create a new note in the database.
Verify that all of the message IDs in the given list are unique. This is done by
Adds a node to the list of next nodes in the graph. The order of the nodes
This method is called when the user changes the value of a property in the config dialog.
Read a UTF - 8 string from the input stream.
Add an integer to the linked list.
Reset the state for the top row of the grid. This is called when the top row
Returns the next token in the stream as a string with the type and content as the string
Returns the current repaintmanager for the given component or null if there is no current manager.
Returns true if the given portwwn is a recoverpoint initiator.
Checks if the character data is valid XML. If so the refinvalidchar is returned.
Sends the given buffer to the underlying writer. The buffer will be written to the underlying writer
Override eisset to check if a feature is set.
Remove a previously registered listener for wheel - clicked events.
Adds a new section to the list of sections. The sections are sorted according to the section
Calculates the preferred wrapposition for the given text. The preferred wrapposition is calculated based on
Adds all elements from v to this vector.
Pipe all bytes from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Adds a new match rule to the rulemap.
This method is used to validate a phone number. It is used to validate a phone number
Send a message to all workers until the number of workers has reached the specified number of stop
Convert a string to an arraylist.
Picks the character set to use. If the character set is not set the system property
testtoengineeringstringpos - Test to see if _str is in engineer
Removes all of the elements from the set.
Add a layer to the map.
Reads a list of rules from the given reader. The reader is closed after this method returns
Apply the updates to the managedwords attribute. This method will log the changes to the log
Writes a portion of a character array to the output buffer.
Detects the episode from the given file.
Create an array creation operation.
Fires an sparqlupdateevent to all registered listeners.
Sets the type of the preference to be built. The default type is preference. DEFAULT.
Expungestaleentries removes all entries from the queue and increases the size.
Checks if the given text is a numeric value. If the text is not a numeric value
Returns true if the given string ends with a character.
Create a new RSA public key from an encoded byte array. The returned key will be
Convert a Calendar object to a Date object.
Returns true if the request is for client authentication false otherwise.
This method creates the panel that displays the image file dialog.
Writes a line of text to a bufferedwriter with a newline character.
Returns the child layer at the given index.
Check if the current user has permission to modify the thread.
Creates a function that takes a value and returns it.
Removes all quotes from the given string.
Returns true if the attribute is defined in a namespace declaration.
Test userdatahandlernotifiedofshallowclones.
Initialize the DBASIC Constraints dialog with the specified value. This method is called by the
Returns the last index of the given object in the given array of objects or - 1 if
Create a new column of float type with a default value.
Read a single line from the input stream if it starts with the string specified by _str
Remove a weak key from the queue.
Check if the user has permission to alter the conversion of the jodatime.
Returns true if the given artifact coordinates object is equal to this object.
Checks that the dimensions of a matrix are the same.
Imports a change from another change into this change.
Returns a printwriter that writes to the linefileout attribute of the given document.
Create a new fuzzyquery with the given text and fuzziness.
callchaininfo holds information about the chain of calls and syscalls of a given method.
Starts the playback of the media file.
Checks that the string is not empty. If the string is null or empty throws an exception
Resets the current context to null. This is useful when you want to reset the context of
Converttoparametervalues a collection of objects into an array of objects.
Logs out the user with the given username. If the user is currently logged out then it
Create an operation to create or update an existing network interface.
The codesourcefacade method is used to provide access to the information contained in the codes
Create a new JDP Broadcaster. The JDP Broadcaster creates a datagram channel
Close the underlying RRD file.
Returns a new vector with the given degree rotated around the origin.
Convert a URI to a string using the specified encoding.
Inserts a new field with the given fieldnumber and data. If the fieldnumber already exists
Hides the border of this box.
Remove the filterprocessor associated with the given btxn. If no filterprocessor is associated with
Adds a weighted observed point to the distribution.
Adds a tagid to this tagset. If the tagid is greater than the current
Enable TLS support on the given socket.
Returns a list of executions ordered from the root to the top level. The executions are ordered
Initialize the TKF91 model.
Serializes an expression.
Define the internal frame menubuttons in the given uidefaults.
Restore a method from a clonemethod. This method is used to restore a method
Remove a datasourcelistener from the list of registered datasourcelisteners.
Get the right part of a string.
Clear the name in all unoccupied blocks.
Unserialize an object from the input stream.
This method is called when the grid thread is stopped. It is called when the grid thread
Add a template folder to the list of template folders to be processed.
Prints the first node of the tree as a depth first enumeration.
Adds a new event to the list. If the time of the event is greater than the
The dbschemaejbgenerator method is responsible for generating the database schemaejb objects.
Initializes the eightpuzzleboard. This method is called at the beginning of the simulation
Called when the scan is about to be opened. This method is called when the scan is
Adds a primitive and its abbreviation to the abbreviation map.
Initialize the imagemap and the rotatingtileset for the given entitytype.
Locatereplicator homedir.
Set the string data to be parsed.
write the square root of xdd to _str. _num must be greater than or
Append a float to the buffer.
Opens the given file in the current working directory. If the given file is a directory the
Override the testdestination method to check if the destination is okay and if so execute the checks
Flushes the buffer and closes the underlying output stream.
Normalizes the given path and returns an array of the normalized path. If the path is empty
Get a random value from the string.
Records the given deployment in the list of deployments and returns the new deployment.
This method is called before the bundle is started. It is called before the bundle is started
Called when a successful DLSN is received. This method is called when the DLS
Call the mysqlabandonedconnectioncleanupthread method to shutdown the mysqlabandonedconnection
Writes the contents of the buffer to the end of the buffer. If the buffer is final
Parse the given control template and return the result as a string. The context is merged with
This method is called when the parser is about to create a custom element from a tag.
Writes a JPEG image to a file. If the file does not exist it will create it
Checks to see if there is an existing imageserver in the database.
Returns the current time in nanoseconds since January 1st 1970 UTC.
Remove an extension from the list of extensions. The extension will be converted to lower case.
Finds a sub - allocated namespace context for the given element nodeindex. The returned sub -
Adds an observer to the list of observers. If the list already contains an observer it will
Returns the distance between the i - th element and the k - th element.
Format the given pattern and return the result as a stringbuffer. The result buffer will be
Adds a keyword to the map.
Releases the reference to the given field of the given object. If the field has no reference
Transforms a list of dashboards into a list of dashboarddto objects.
Returns the screen executor for the given executor. If e is a common pool and usecommon
Adds a grouppropertieslistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when group properties are
Edit the comment of a global function.
Clear all the currently active sessions for the given context. If the clearcredentials parameter is true
Returns true if the entry exists in the persistent object store. If the entry does not exist
Unpack a string into a char array.
This method is used to initialize the native ids. It is used to initialize the native ids
Returns the hash wrapper name for the given string. If the given string is shorter than the
Called when the start of an element is encountered. This method is called by the SAX parser
Returns true if the value associated with the given key is a string.
Create multiple PRs with a total number of properties for each bucket in the given list.
Compute the k - th diagonal of a matrix. The k - th diagonal of the matrix
Check if the version is present. If so add it to the hashtable. If not
Build the network from the neurons in the network. The first neuron in the network
Returns true if the characters in the left sequence are equal to the characters in the right sequence
This testcase is used to test the case of the division of _num by 2.
Returns an enumeration of all the productions in this grammar.
Adds the given astnode to the list of tightsourcerangenodes.
Check if the event is disabled or not.
Add the jarinfo to the given parent frame.
Apply the transformation matrix to the points in the given array but only if the points are not
Converts an escaped function into a string builder.
Returns the string representation of this port.
Add an IMSSessionListener to this session.
Returns an ipath object that represents the given time stamp in the ipath format.
Prints a usermessage.
Connect to a native socket and return true if the connection was successful or false if the connection
Returns true if the given string is an access modifier.
Handle an append request failure.
Select the best sizepair that matches the desired width and height. The best sizepair is
loadalldeepfromcursor load all the items from the cursor and return them as a list
Decodes a UTF - 8 string into a UTF - 8 string. The UTF - 8 string
Returns a map of attribute names with their values converted to lowercase. The keys are converted to
Makes the given visitor visit all of the annotations of this type.
Converts two objects into a list. The first object is converted to the first object and the
Reads the next part of the file into a byte array. If there are no more parts
Returns true if the multilinetab flag is set. Otherwise returns false.
Computes the mean and standard deviation of the model.
Returns the translated datatype name for the given source and target.
Find the index of the global valley location in the data array.
Move the cursor to the next selected row in the table. This method is called when the
Override jarwithfile to use the given pathimpl as the backing for the jar file.
Shuts down the executor immediately and returns a list of all the tasks that have been executed
Converts a collection of filepaths to a list of relative paths.
Handle the installation of the unlockor dialog. This is called when the user clicks on the
Given a starttime and a rrule offset it to the nearest occurrence of the rrule.
Returns a new vector with each element in this vector rounded to the nearest integer.
Simulates a method call. If the method has a subsignature that is the same as
Removes all empty elements from the frontier. If the frontier is empty it is removed
Parses the attributes of the progress wheel element into this object.
Concatenate two byte arrays into a single byte array.
Throws an assertion error if the count of subscribers is not the same as the number of subscribers
Throws an illegalargumentexception if the argument is invalid.
Returns true if the given calendar is before today.
Build the login ui.
Unmaps a volume from a SCSI initiator.
Returns the contents of this list as a collection.
Adds a quarter arc to the specified path.
Parse the given content into a tree of nodes.
Read random bytes into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and with the specified length
Remove all scanning callbacks.
Read bytes from the underlying inputstream.
Handle the creation of the manager bean. This method is called when the service is initialized.
Checks that the set shape is the same as the old shape and that the new shape is
Checks if the given file is visible. If the file is null or if the file is
Append two strings to an existing array and return the resulting array.
Delete the object from the server.
Encodes the given byte array into a string using the given encoding. If the encoding is not
Initializes the item set for the search. The item set is initialized by advancing the
Computes and returns the bounds of the editor.
Reads the specified number of bytes from the stream into the specified buffer starting at the specified offset
Constructs a new cuboid with the specified world coordinates and z - axis.
Smoothed log - marginallikelihood.
Returns true if the current message is a new message.
Installs the user agent and string properties into the system properties.
Puts a number of double values from the given double array into this buffer.
Load the recipients from the addressmap and add them to the set of recipients.
Checks if the given filename has the given extension. If the given extension is null or empty
Sets the locktime to the current time in milliseconds.
Add a new padstack to this stack. The new stack is added to this stack.
Sets the base arguments for the command line. This method is called when the command line is
This method is called at the beginning of the content model processing. It is called by the
Defines the omrangerings for this shape.
Creates an inputsource from a string.
Returns the userroot preferences. This is a convenience method for creating a new preferences object.
Convert a socket identifier into a string that can be used as an IP address and port.
Pushes a string onto the end of the map. If the size of the map exceeds
Read the contents of a file into a string.
Get the x - coordinate of a tile in the tilegridx offset and tilewidth.
Sets the name of the input and the type of the input and the alignment of the input
Creates a new bshclassmanager for the given interpreter. If the given interpreter is null
Swap the buffers in the MegL display with the buffers in the MegL surface
Request the last time the password was logged in. This is the time when the password was
Returns a stream of the words of the given text. The returned stream will be empty if
Add a new appinfo object to the list of added appinfo objects. If the user
Add a match to the query with the specified field and value.
Remove the _str from the given plot string and return the new string.
Creates a string representation of the dashes array.
Returns the position of the first occurrence of the given pattern starting at the given start position.
Load all the genfiles in the directory. If the number of genfiles is greater than
Read a line of text from the inputstream using the given character set.
Checks if a table exists in the database.
Process a colon and return the length of the colon.
Returns true if the script contains the specified delimiters. If the script does not contain the specified
Compresses the given byte array into the given outputstream. The outputstream will be closed
Assert that the given service is not joined. If the service is already joined this method will
Encrypts a block of data and stores the result in a byte array at the specified offset
Print a string to the document.
Add a collection of connectiongroups to the retrievedgroups.
Load the map from an input stream. The input stream is expected to contain a list of
Adds a linedecoration to the list of decorations that will be applied to the text
parselinktitle returns the link title from the current position in the link_title.
Put a value into the matrix.
Close the stream.
Returns the number of items currently in the list.
Create a warning with the given key and arguments.
Destructor. This is the destructurer of a pattern. It is called by the
This method is called when a sub - configuration request is received. This method is called when
Returns true if the connection is healthy. If doextensivechecks is true this method will
Adds a column to the table at the given index.
This method initializes the panel. It initializes the tabbedpane and the layout panel.
Returns the norm of the vector z.
Get the value as a string. If the value is null return _str. If the
Returns the hash code for this factor.
Convert the maximaltominimaledgerings of a set of ring edges into
Remove an event listener from the map. If the map is not available an exception is thrown
Update the number of bytes needed to store the current wavefilesize in the file.
Writes the contents of the journal to the output stream.
Checks if this string matches the given string.
Stop the timer when a mousereleased mouse button is pressed.
Computes the maximum value for a class based on a set of percent factors.
Adds a new channel to the channel list. Returns the index of the channel in the list
Joins an array of objects into a string. If the array is empty returns an empty string
Returns true if the storetrait is present in the traits set.
This method is called when the boundline creates a new QTU. This method is
Returns the number of parameters.
Load the metadata from the given XML node into the given list of databases and counters.
Adds a key - value pair to the hashmap. If the hashmap already contains a
Read data from a data input stream.
Computes the dot product of this vector and another vector.
Emits the main subroutine of the current subroutine. The main subroutine is the
Computes the standard deviation of a list of doubles.
Trims the contents of the array to make sure it is at least size bytes long.
Checks that _num is set to 0 or 1 and that _num is set to 0
Compares the given date with the current date. If the date is greater than the current date
Read a chunk of data from the input stream and decode it into an ibindingset.
Sets up a datagram socket to be used by the client.
Multiply all the values in the map by the given multiplyby and round by the given round
Returns true if the given level is greater than or equal to the current log level.
Computes the list of all the children of the given folder.
Quotes a file path so it can be used as a file name in a query string.
Read data from the network.
Removes all maps from the queue and notifies the manager that the queue is no longer needed.
Remove an imageconsumer from the list of imageconsumers. This method is thread - safe
Returns true if the navigation is at the bottom of the screen.
Update the target transfer size and update the pendings counter.
Builds an invocation for the given protocolkey. If the invocation already exists it will be returned
Computes the mark of the webresourcestatistics based on the number of passed failed
compares the string with the greatest common divisor and compares the result with the result.
The testking capture is done by reading a piece from the input stream and capturing the
Validate an andevaluate expression in a list of expressions and return a list of objects
Parses a directory path from the given string. The directory path is returned as a string.
Pick the encoding for the given input source. If the input source is a character stream then
Generate the URL for a given series and category.
Returns true if the thread should be idle for more than _idletimeout milliseconds.
This method is called when the user opens the dialog. It creates the ccdropdown
Decode a 64 - bit code into a longarraypointer.
Create the database connection and execute the given string. The string must be in the form of
Returns a random cauchy value.
Add a job group to be deleted.
Create a webpage with the layout of a control panel.
Wait for a request to be received from the server. This method will block until the request
Add a field to the multimatch query.
Encode the polynomial into the outputstream.
Signal that no ACKs have been received.
Converts an array of integers to a string.
Copies the contents of the source byte array into the target byte array. The target byte array
Returns the great circled distance between this point and the given location.
Parse the manifest into a list of inputsplits.
Read a portion of data from the underlying stream into a byte array. The data is read
Fire an operatormoved event. This method is called when an operator is moved to
Removes an individual from the list.
This method is called when a variable id is changed. It replaces the variable id with the
Repeats the given string by the given number of times and returns the resulting string.
Wait for a state change.
Picks the best node from the inference graph. The best node is the one with the
Add all user fields to the attributespecs list.
Parse an integer from a string.
Find the bounds of the node with the given id.
Stops all the workers in the given collection. If the collection is null then all workers are
Clones the top - offrame of the stack. Returns null if the stack is empty
calculates the percentage of flapping at the end of the list of flaps.
Returns the manglename of the given method.
Saves the current state of the term.
Consumes a string from the queue and moves the cursor to the beginning of the string.
Print out the list of defined IPs.
Dispose the encoder decoder and output streams for the given session. This method is called when
Returns the number of transpositions between the two given characters.
Parse an object from the given source at the given position.
Returns a default stream for this TimeSeriesCollection. The default stream does not include the boolean flag
registermod - Registermods a modinfo from a file in a
Returns the size of the block in the given blockcontainer. The bounds of the block are
Returns true if the given message has the given content type. If the content type is null
Generate an X. 509 certificate.
This method is called when the user clicks on the button 1 request. This method is called
Check all the dependencies in the given module list and return the first non - empty string.
This method is called when the children of the given bean context members have been removed from the
Checks that the given directory is writeable.
Returns a string representation of this Duration.
Write an object to an objectoutputstream. The default implementation calls the defaultwriteobject method
Start an entity with the given name. This method is not intended to be called directly.
Returns true if the given token is a javakeyword.
Extracts the import URL from the given matcher.
Returns true if this collator is equal to the given one.
Run the test. This is the main method of the test class. It loads the XML
Renames the type of the given type. If the given type is an object or array
Write a list of files to an xml. xml file.
Set up the DPolicyConstraints dialog.
Invalidates all the caches in the system. This is a no - op if the user
Write a byte array to an XML stream.
Write a list of strings to a file.
Cancel all requests with the given tag.
Draws a snap - horizontally aligned string on the given x1 y1 with the
Returns a subset of the given record using the given schema.
Queues an operation to be executed in a thread - safe manner. The operation will be executed
Interprets the given string as a sequence of cells.
Transforms a shape by applying the transformation to the center of the shape. The center of the
Print a list of strings with a given number of indentation.
This method initializes the panel. This method is called when the panel is first created.
Checks the revocation status of a certificate against a responder certificate. The responder certificate must be a
Returns the compositetype corresponding to the given alphacomposite rule.
Removes a tracking icon from the list of tracking icons.
Find all the phonemes in the state machine and return a list of them.
Removes the parent file from the given file and returns a new file with the new path.
Returns true if a and b are almost equal by a given delta.
End an element.
test_fill is a biib version of fill. This is done by checking that the
Open a JSON object with an empty value and an open bracket.
Calculates the logarithm of the given value.
Upload a file to the MDB server.
Create a file handle for the zip file in the tmpoutputfolder and delete the file.
Remove the handler for the given column name. If no handler is registered for the column name
Returns true if the image is empty.
Restore the badges from the saved instancestate.
Updates the touch time and calls the worker s touch method if there is one.
Add an entry to the catalog. The entry must be of the same type as the name
Adds a message waiting to the queue.
Pushes a new top element onto the stack. If the stack is full the new top
Log the hierarchy of the given classloader. If the given classloader is null the system classloader is
Adds a gossipmember to the list of members to be sent to the gossip server.
Returns a list of logfiles.
Returns true if the case sensitive checkbox is selected.
Returns true if this node is a namespacenode of the given node.
Returns the hash code of this object.
Create a new subconfigmodel. This is the base implementation of the subconfigmodel.
Returns true if this polynomialfunction2d is equal to the given polynomialfunction2d.
Converttocolor a color as an integer.
This method is called when the user clicks on the pick button. It is called by the
This is the base implementation of the ibinarytraversal interface. It is called by the
This method is called when an end element is encountered. This method is called when an element
Cancel all requests for this endpoint.
Returns the value of the attribute at the given index.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no value associated with the
Decodes a base58 encoded string into a byte array.
Associate a template with a pattern in a subpattern.
Deletes this node from the cluster. If this node is already closed it will be closed and
Returns true if the given annotatedtype has a no - oprefix annotation.
Try to format the given string with the given format. If the format fails the original string
Returns the logger for the given class. If no logger is currently associated with the given class
Receives a single byte from the server. This method will block until a byte is received
Checks if the given resource satisfies the spin constraint. If the resource satisfies the spin constraint the
Returns true if the specified IMDBID is a valid IMDBID false otherwise.
Show the recorded video file. This is called when the user clicks on the video button.
Writes a tuple of coordinates to a stringbuffer.
Checks if the given exception is an intendedexception of the given class.
Swappes the rows and columns of the source matrix by swapping the rows and columns
Returns true if the user has permission to set the window always on the top of the over
Create a new activitixml cluster with the specified parameters.
Returns a list of all main class names in the given directory.
Checks that the string is valid atexml. If not an IOexception is thrown.
Read the values of the boolean field. The boolean field is assumed to be a boolean.
Returns true if the given access code is compatible with the current instance of this class.
Add an ASN. 1 sequence from an array of ASN. 1encodable objects.
Set the threaded listener manager.
Reads an object from an input stream.
Compute the offset for a line segment.
Returns the element at the specified location in the array. If the location is out of bounds
Create a list of QoS rules from a JSON object.
Returns an array of octets that can be used to represent the too - characters of the given
Formats the given double value with the given number of decimal places.
Flush the output stream.
Returns true if the given string is not null and has a length greater than or equal to
Creates a rectangle that covers the specified rectangle.
addcleargraphdatabutton This adds a clear button to the raster plot.
Returns the levenshteindistance between s and t.
Create a file with the given number of characters.
Returns true if the suffix is an animal.
Unify the lineseparators in the given string. The lineseparators are
Adds a pingnotification to the list of notifications to be sent to the server.
Create a new nfs datastore on the host system and return the list of created datastores
Check the size of the array. If the size is greater than the current max_size
Add a new album to the album list.
Checks that the given name is a valid internal identifier.
This method is called when the initializetask is done. It creates a shadowtask
Unquote the given name.
Returns true if the player is the current leader.
Redo the current operation on the given editor.
If r is an altresult throw it otherwise return r. If r is an exception throw
Write a protein to a file. The file will be written to a temporary directory. The
Test the casts of the SQL statement. This is done by using the convert library.
Write the contour to a SPTKF0 file. The contour is written to a
Start the current thread with the given timeout. This method will block until the current thread is
Searches for an element with the given name in the given parent node.
Make a star expression.
Removes an element from the selection.
Override mouseclicked to delegate to the delegate s mousemoved method.
Print a formatted string in the given locale with the given format string and arguments.
Transform the source XML into the target XML. The target XML is assumed to be an XML
sorts the attributes before the elements in the input string.
Adds a dalvik instruction to the suffix list.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Close the selector if it is open.
Subtract two numbers. If either a or b is a floating - point then the result is
Set the required attributes to be present in the document.
showhistorydialog This method is called when the user wants to enter the history of a command
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Reads from the inputstream and returns the result as a byte array. The inputstream is
Construct a streamable from a publisher.
Creates a new connection to the server. The connection will be created with the given handler and
Doparse decode the bitmap data into a bitmap object. This method is called when the
Find the notification with the given id.
Sets the maximum number of green green gradient values.
Writes a histogram from a tdoublehashmap to a file.
Dereference a completion stage.
Adds the given number with the given character left and right returning the result as a new number
Clips the given string if it is longer than the specified width.
Removes an element from the queue. If the queue is empty the task will be cancelled.
Adds a fragment to the list of fragments and notifies the adapter that the data source has changed
Wrap the given string to the given maximum width. If the string is longer than maxwidth
Create a vertex buffer from an array of float values.
Publishes the message to the MQTT broker.
Delete all files in a directory.
Computes the invwmsubband of the image using the WMSubband algorithm.
Move a directory or file to a new directory.
Load security properties from a file in the cluster s security properties file. If the properties file
Close the inputstream.
Clear the scanfiles if the number of scanfiles is greater than the number of scanfiles
Starts a process and waits for it to finish and compare its output with the expected output.
Start file based merge.
When the document is inserted or updated set the dirty flag to true. If the document is
Constructs a datetimeparseexception with the given message parseddata and errorindex.
Returns true if the source and target components are parallelsiblings in the specified axis.
Reads an object from the input stream using the specified class.
This testcase is used to test the sign of the number. This testcase is used
Returns a plaintext representation of the given integer.
Checks to see if a given calendar is today or not.
Creates a new managed pair and registers an observer for each managed pair. The observer will be
Prints a double field as a string.
Converts a YUV image into a bitmap.
Read a double value from a string.
Returns true if this object has a feature with the given name and version.
Assign a port based on the portusage of the matching targetports. If a matching target
Returns the next event in the queue. If the queue is full the next event will be
Append the points to a stringbuilder.
Updates the given jcombobox with the tracks currently in this track bynamelist.
Sets whether or not the session transformer should be used to transform the refactoring to projects
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Open the compareresult. This method is called when the user opens the compar
Add a resource to the list of available resources.
Returns true if the given string is a numeric value.
Encodes the given string using the preferred encoding. If the string is already encoded it is returned
Adds delta to the current and returns the new value. If the current value is greater than
Returns the current time in the given timeunit in milliseconds.
Append a name - value pair to a list of name - value pairs.
Creates a new properties object from the given URL.
Calculates the weight of a plan given its score and the maximum score. If the score is
Returns true if the given filename has one of the given extensions. If no extensions are given
Find the next value in the list that matches the label. If no match is found the
Create a znode with the given key. If the key already exists it will be overwritten
Calculate the logarithm of the given value.
Returns the element of o that is the power of o to the power of o.
Receives a datagram from the socket and returns it as a datagrampack
Returns the temperature torgb for the given degree of degree k. The temperature torg
Sets the namemapper to be used for the builder. The namemapper will be used to
fill ziiz test.
Adds all elements in the specified collection to the end of this list.
Returns a string representation of this value.
Returns the default resource name for the given table name and type.
Update the comboboxesloadchange event. This method is called when the value of the
Removes the classcolumntiptext from the end of the string.
Joins the given array of namedvalues with the given separator and returns the result as a string
Returns the source class name for the given attribute and distance. The source class name is the
Flushes the output stream.
Request a group data from the server.
Encodes a cookie into a hex string. If the cookie is null then null is returned.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the head of this buffer. If the buffer is
Resumes the playback of the MPEG frame. This method is called when the MPEG
This test removes the differences between the two numbers a and b and compares the result with the
addtoprototypecallback is called when the top - level prototype callback is added to the
This method initializes the alltoall panel. It initializes the allowselfconnectchkbx
Returns true if the specified function is available in the specified namespace.
Allocates the given number of sections in the section list.
Returns true if the refresh time is less than the current time - to - live in milliseconds
Returns a random byte array of the given length.
Calculates the weight distribution for the given column exampletable selection and attribute number.
Removes the extension from the end of the filename.
Deletes the key with the given name. If the key does not exist an ioexception is
Normalizes the given dataframe to be within the range [ min max ). If the dataframe is
Returns true if the given scheme is a socket scheme ; otherwise returns false.
Adds a leaf to the tree with non existing parents.
Adjusts the block listeners in the new range to reflect the changes in the old range.
Encodes the given byte array into a hexadecimal string.
Clamp the size to fit within a maximum area. If the size is larger than the
Creates a new TCP channel for the given transport and endpoint. The transport and endpoint must be
Returns the string representation of this indexable object.
Encodes the given byte array into a byte array using the current encoder settings.
Draw a face of a mesh in the specified direction.
Adds a filealteration observer to the list of observers. If the observer is null nothing
1 - p - logarithm of the logarithm of a number.
Creates a new bignum with the given number. The bignum is the number
Creates a new instance of the given classname using the given classloader. If the class is not
Add an action to the game.
Adds a polygon to the line.
Read a jsonobject from a jsonarray at a specific index.
Waits for an element to be present on a parent element.
Asserts that this test subscriber has been terminated.
Returns true if the videoid is a valid videoid.
Returns true if the task has been cancelled.
Push a subcontextlist onto the axesiteratorstack.
updateownloadedfiles is called when a file has been downloaded from another account. This is
Dumps the current configuration options to the console. This method is called from the UI thread.
parselanguageresource takes a resource as input and parses it into a jsonnode
Returns a collection of the start states of this glyph. The first state is the first state
Remove a container and cancel the request if it is empty.
Computes the kerneldensity function for a collection of points.
Clones an object into a serializable object that can be read from a stream. This is
Returns true if there is a hasthree point in the curve.
Sets the name of the zip file entry.
Run the test statements in a separate thread. This is done by executing the query in a
Read a dictionary from the given inputstream.
Adds a vertex to the graph. If the vertex represents a parameter the number of parameters is
Creates a new array of row objects with the given number of rows. If the array is
Returns a copy of the files contained in the file set.
Returns true if the operating system is a Mac OS.
Returns true if the concretable throwable is assignable from one of the given throwable classes.
Pop and encode the messages in the message queue into a string. If the queue is empty
Prints an int value to the output stream.
Returns a hashmap that associates each intrbtreeset with its support value and the
Returns true if all letters in the given string are alphanumerics false otherwise.
Converts a character to a digit. If the digit cannot be converted to a digit an exception
Load a library with the given name using the given class loader and library path.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option list.
testconstructorsignbytespositive7 This test tests that _num is a positive 7 bit
Saves the key to the given keystore using the given password and ca alias. The caalias
Adds a filterbuilder to the list of filters to be applied to the or query builder.
Log a debug message with the given tag. If the log level is higher than level_
Update the statistics for a given number of timenanos and number of rows.
test_ctor_2. test_ctor_2. test_ctor_2.
Returns the string representation of this attribute.
Splits the traces with the end point specified by the keep_point. If the line is
Flip all bits in place in a byte array.
Creates an index request with the given source.
Adds the given users to the given configuration.
Try to drain any outstanding buffers. If the buffer is full the buffer will be re -
Copy a file from source to dest. If dest does not exist it will be created.
Encodes the given properties object into a URL - encoded string. If the encoding is unsupported it
Writes the content of this RSS feed to the given writer.
This test tests sortselements by name. The comparison is done by comparing _str to
Deletes a directory and its contents.
Convert a string to a timestamp.
Returns true if the given string starts a new hunk.
Removes all values from the value map.
Read the characters from the input stream and return them as a hashmap of strings to bytes
Convert a string to a byte array.
Plays a sound file for a specific user.
Mark this JVM as finalizerson exit. This method is intended to be called by the
Returns the predicted intervals for the given confidence interval. The confidence interval is determined by the normal
Returns the minimum element of the given collection using the given comparator.
Checks if a sha hash matches a given file.
Adds a key to the list of keynames to be used for the value.
Updates this assignment with a new border.
Returns the name corresponding to the given character. If the character is greater than the number of
Splits the given string into lines and returns them as a list of strings.
Draw the area of the plot. The area will be drawn in the chipgrid and
Add a hole to the shell.
Register all of the components.
Initializes the fragment manager with a new instance of the given type and an instance of the given
Skips n bytes from the input stream and returns the number of bytes skipped.
Generate a 64 - bit bithash id from the public key.
Creates a new subcommand handler for a managed object path and optional relation definition.
Method called when the user presses the DsubjectInformationAccess button. This method is called
Read a figure from an ixmlelement.
Add an array of objects to the list model.
Returns true if the calltype is set.
Map the source into an ibuffer. If the source is not found create a new buffer
Creates a new JFiledatastore chooser with the given style and extensions.
computes the dynamic load metrics for all servers in the specified access profile.
Reads a 16 - bit unsigned integer from the stream.
Create a new job for a copy - partition operation. This method is called when a state
This is the main method of this class. This is the main method of this class.
Find all possible orders in the given context. The order is determined by the order of the
Check if a file exists on the file system. If the file does not exist on the
Finds the stage with the given path starting at _num. The path is assumed to be
Calculates the k - th statistic for a given set of coefficients and standard error.
Run the list of heroic bootstrapers.
Check that the index header id is the same as the given id.
Returns a byte array containing the contents of this buffer.
Save the contents of a named buffer to the saveout buffer.
Schedules a vplex volume from a source virtual array to a target virtual storage system
Completes the given relative path using the given basedir and shown basedir and returns a list of
Returns true if the given specifier is a filespecifying modulespecifier.
Insert the expected poolsettingspertier into the keymap for the vnxpoolcapabilities tier
Transfers the contents of the source stream to the destination stream. The source stream is closed
Returns the position of the path at the given level.
Returns the number of bytes that can be read from the input stream or - 1 if there
Adds a new class value and weight to the training set.
Parse the groups from a JSON array and return the groups as a list of group objects.
Called when the user clicks on a drag entry. This method is called when the user clicks
Returns true if the given character is an identifier helper character.
Adds a line to the header of the message.
Load an address from a column in the result set. If the column is null return null
URL - encode a string using the UTF - 8 encoding.
To get the url from the url string and the params. If the url does not end
This method is called after a startelement event with a namespace prefix and URI. This method
Returns the mime type of the given file relative to the root of the locale.
Test advancing to the next _num terms. The first _num terms are common
Returns true if the field is public.
Returns true if this consumeor is released by an encumbrancebudget.
Returns a transferable object that can be used to create a transfer from the given formats.
Writes the length of a string to the stream. The length must be less than the number
Adds a generic font family to the font registry.
Writes a reference to the given value in the given nodemap. If the value already exists
Parse a data token and return it as an nsobject or null if there is no data
Returns true if there are no individuals.
Returns the string representation of this instance using the specified formatter.
Returns the class name as a dotted version of the class name.
The daddextensions dialog. This is the main entry point for the dad
Moves to the next video item in the youtube video list. If the previous was called
Invoke a method on the given object with the given parameters. If the method does not exist
Add nodes from an iterator to this nodeset. The nodes are added to the end of
Creates a stream for the given path. If the stream already exists it will be returned.
Cleans up the history of numbers if the history size exceeds the maximum history size.
Process the styled attributes of the ucropview.
Log a message with the given template and code. The message will be logged with the given
Returns a string with the action translated to the action s string. The action s string is
Returns true if the resource can be loaded. This method returns false if the resource cannot be
Returns a boolean representation of the value. If the value is NaN or equal to the number
Parse a boolean from the given string. If the string does not match the string an exception
Returns true if the specified featureid is set to a non - null value.
Returns the string representation of this object using the specified formatter.
Initializes the sourcecodemap with the line numbers of the adapted content.
Returns the inverse unit matrix of this matrix.
Returns a set of allowed duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field has already been visited for the given object.
Remove the given downloadinfromcompletedlist item from the list of completed downloadinforun
Add the shingled phrase queries to the main query. The shinglesize parameter
Returns the string representation of this token as an XML identifier. This is the same as the
Creates a snapshot of the current state of the backup. The snapshot will be created in the
Store a logfile in the database.
Merges the current props with the new props and returns a new props map.
Sets the language to be deleted. This is the language that should be deleted from the database
Called when the player is prepared to start playing. This method is called when the player is
Parse a parameter from a token and its value. If the token is not recognized this method
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position in the input stream.
Toall the players in the specified radius in the specified world.
Creates an ecdhecryptography object from a supported curve ID.
Add a new header to the message.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Recreates the workspacetable in the specified database.
Execute a parameterized statement with a list of named parameters. The parameter values are expected to be
End all tags in the tag stack and return the current tag object.
Add an entity reference to the end of the XML document.
Links the given node to the last node in the list.
Draws the divider. This method is called when the divider is added to a child of the
Form the spec from the given string.
Decodes a list of objects from the given inputstream using the given parser.
Writes an int value to the dataoutput.
Write a double field.
Calculate the next creature to use based on the questlevel.
This method is called before the backup is started. It checks if the backup interval and start
Delete an entity from the repository. If the entity has a trait with the same name it
Adds a collection of tables to the schema.
Writes the given template to the given writer. The template will be replaced with the given string
Clears the cache and starts a new thread to load the cache if the cache is not currently
Returns the index of the specified roundedtoolitem.
Adds an attribute to the message. The alias is the name of the attribute and the type
Executes the Drainsiteratort task on all the graphs in the Drains
Run the full import on the local Solr server.
Returns the userid in the range [ ominid omaxid ).
Starts the consumer if it is not already started. If it is already started logs the message
Generate binary operation flags.
Returns true if the label of the current cell can be moved to a new cell.
Writes a list of types to the data stream.
Load configuration properties from a resource.
Safely close an inputstream.
Creates a new transaction using the current transaction manager. The transaction manager will be created using the
Skip characters in the input stream while the next character in the input stream is found in the
Returns the path to the directory containing the given package name. The package name will be replaced
Returns true if this map contains the given key.
Returns true if the fragment is valid or false if it is invalid.
Rehashes the hash table by recalculating the new capacity and recalculating the threshold
Load all POIs from the assets and save them to the POI file.
Create a new element with the given name and value and append it to the given parent element
Check if a tag has been seen in a given scope. If the tag has not been
Called when the operator of a variable has changed.
Add a new header to the message. The header will be added to the end of the
Check if there is a duplicate request for the given uri. The request is stored in Redis
Returns true if the given view is hidden.
Deletes all files in a directory and all sub - directories.
Returns true if the given jmenubar is in the menubar order.
Construct a node with the given name prefix and namespace.
Create a priority queue for the given words. The queue is sorted according to the frequency of
Reads all objects from an object inputstream and passes them to the given closure. Closes
Exit with the given status if the current mode is the system. Otherwise return the given status
Returns the distance in meters between two points.
Process a NTLM challenge. This method is called when a NTLM challenge is
Calculate the a value given the power p and the power q and the input x2s
Add a new cost element to the cost element queue.
Add an undo event to the undo list. This method is called when an undo event is
Establishes a mirror if needed and refreshes the cache if needed.
Append text to the spanny.
Validates a password against a hashed password. The hashed password is checked against the hashed password.
Returns a list of the current snapshots for the given repository sorted by creation time.
Adds an X509 certificate holder to the list of certificates to be used by this certificate manager
Testcase 8. This is a bit of a hack. It is a bit of a
Clean up static fields in a method. This method is used to clean up the static fields
Paints the background of a tab.
Builds an automaton from the given bytesrefhash.
Find the bounds of the series in the given categorydataset that are visible in this dataset.
Shuts down the admin server and shuts down the server thread.
Returns the number of threads in this thread group.
Assign a role to the current user.
Creates a new ordered thread pool pool manager with the default keep - alive and thread factory.
Writes the initial styles to the output stream.
Form - encodes a collection of parameters into a form - encoded string.
This test is used to test the serialized low - concurrency properties. This test is used to
Run the next pending command in the delta queue.
Stop the selector thread and wait for it to finish. If the selector thread is the current
Load a DOM document from an XML file.
dividebigdecimalroundingmodedown Tests division of bigdecimal with rounding mode down.
Removes the annotation at the given index from the list of manifolds.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified character in this string with the specified character.
Set the last modified time of the given file. If the file does not exist it will
Wrap a mock callback so it can be called when a message is received. This method is
Returns true if the column should be selected.
This testcase is the same as above except for the sign of _num. This test
Adds a class annotation for the given class node.
Try to format a message according to the messageformat rules.
Parse the uppercase map from the given string. If the string is not a valid uppercase map
This method is executed in the background. It removes the entry from the queue and removes it
Creates a new ZIP file with the given number of entries and the given size.
Returns true if newname is a valid playlist name or false if newname is not a valid playlist
Imports the given XML file into the current packin. If the file does not exist it
Log the addition or removal of a row to the log.
This method builds the default digestmethodtype.
Creates a partition of the given set of sampled vertices.
Creates a new GremlinTransactionManager with the given graph factory.
Shift all beans in the subflow by the given point. If save is true the original
This method is called from the UI thread. It will load the positions from the database.
Make all of the make objects in the queue.
Notifies the listeners that a text node has been deleted. This method is called by the
Load the application environment from the classpath or the Wildflyswarmapplication manifest.
Creates a new producerworker with the given topic and message. The producerworker is used to
Create a new tab in the foreground. The new tab will be added to the current tab
Returns true if all of the functions are allowed to be assigned to the classd and class
Load all orgaccess objects for the current user into the list of orgaccess objects.
Close the disk cache. This is called when the disk cache is no longer needed.
Create a hashmap that maps all the volumes in the given exportmask to the lun_
Closes the connection to the server. This method should be called when the connection is closed.
Returns the maximum of two vectors.
Wait for the process to output or error. This method blocks until either the process exits or
Adds the given arguments to the command line. If the number of arguments is greater than the
Returns the node with the given key h or null if there is no such node.
Draws the axis on the given graphics object.
Read the contents of the fetchlist into a list of crawldatum objects.
Creates a random colour with the same r g b values.
Parse the given category string into a pair of diagnostickind and whether it is fix
If the method is a property read method and the method is not a property read method then
This is the main entry point for the SPTK pitch reader writer. It reads the
Cancels the future and shuts down the executor service. This method should be called when
Adds a cspstatelistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a csp
Print wrapped text to the given printstream. The message will be printed to the given stream
Remove a range of elements from the list.
Assert that the column in the resultset is nullable or nonulls. If the column is
Computes the bounding boxes of the contours.
Add a timeline to the timeline channel.
Load the lobdata from the filesystem or the database if it is storeattachmentsonfilesystem.
Paints this component using the given graphics context.
Copies an array to a list with the given extracapacity. If the array is
Sends an event to all listeners. If any listener returns true the event will not be sent
Update a single key or multiple keys in a given region with a given JSON body.
Loads the extensions from the given X509Extension object into the internal data structures.
Adds the field to be deleted from the database. The field will be deleted from the database
Limit the number of results to return. If the number of results is less than the current
Checks to see if a file with the given name exists. If the file does not exist
Skips the specified number of bytes from the current position in the document.
Initialize the Essentials payment method. This method is called when the Essential
Convert a filename to the specified number of bytes. If the filename is longer than maxbytes
Copy the contents of the given URL to the given file.
Update the vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical vertical
Create an authentication configuration.
Trims the character at the current position in the given string at the given position in the
Returns the string representation of the classifiertext.
Create a writable child of this raster.
Sends the buffer to the client. The buffer will be flipped and the remaining bytes will
This method is called when an event is received from the server. It is called by the
Finds the best configuration file that matches the given list of files. If no configuration is found
Returns true if the two strings are equal. If the case matters is true the strings
Execute a list of commands and return the result as a commandresult object.
Populates the blob with the given basecontent and requiredsize. The basecontent and requiredsize
Remove an observed file from the folderobservers map. If the file is empty remove it
Make this result immutable.
Appends a ISNULL statement to the current statement.
Removes all entries from the hash table.
Update the favorite status of the current station. If the current station does not exist
Adds all elements in the specified collection to this list and returns the number of elements added.
Save the analysis to a file.
Returns an iterator over all of the capabilities that are required by this context.
Parse an integer from the given string.
Sets this header to be read from the given character buffer.
Converts a java. util. date object into a date string using the specified format. If
Calls executewithbackoff with the given error string and error args.
Check the server response code.
Adds a resource source to the list of all resource sources.
Set the commitchanges of the hopfield props panel and the input panel.
connects to the target item from the point p_from_point. If the target
This method is called when a generic motion event is received from the input device. This method
Add a class restriction to this class.
Edits the specified element in the specified column of the table viewer. The element will be
Calculates the floating point value of the curve at point x and point y. If the curve
Serialize a document to a string. This method is used to serialize the document to XML.
Calculate the area of the line segment between two points. If the line segment is on the
This method is used to ensure that the literal _num is serializable. This is done by
Converts a list of strings to a list of strings with the specified delimiter removed from the list
Returns the minimum element in the given collection.
Creates a new server and adds it to the cluster. If the server is a dynamic server
Test to print a string of the specified size. The string will be sorted in ascending order
Find a club in the dialog.
This method is called when a line of text is read from a PDF file. This method
Convert a collection of inetaddress objects into an array of strings.
Display a pilot s profile.
Smoothly start the moving timer. This is used to smooth the moving timer.
Update the pricelists for a given product bean.
Checks the dependencies of the given module descriptor.
clearbitpositiveinside1 tests that clear bit is positive inside 1.
Deserializes a list of funnels into a list of funnels.
Append the parameter to the descriptor. If the parameter is not present in the descriptor return the
Adds a catch clause to this statement.
streamcontenttobrowser - stream the content of the given byte array to a browser response.
Unlocks the given key in a transaction. If the key is not locked nothing is done
Returns a list of the specified number of orders starting at the specified index. If the specified
Checks if the current state of the database is consistent with the current state of the database.
Clear the stack. This is a no - op if the stack is empty.
Sets the spritestore to be used for the tilestore. The tilestore
Returns true if this storedblock is morework than the other one.
This method is called when the next token in the stream matches the given character. If the
Returns true if the given URL is a jar URL.
Returns true if the specified object is equal to this object. If the specified object is not
Applies a timestamp to the statement. This method is called when a timestamp has been set.
Creates an accessor for the given class name. The class will be instantiated with the given constructor
Stops the timer and increases the duration by the time it took to run.
Add a row of data to the sort buffer.
Decodes a string into a byte array. The length of the byte array is the number of
Return the address of the first stack frame that is not in the stack frame of the calling
Schemewalks the given filepath starting at the given offset in the given userpath
Returns true if the mimetype is an image type false otherwise.
Creates a new fxmessagedialog. The fxmessagedialog will be placed
Returns the size of the bitmapdrawable. If the bitmapsize is the same as the
Returns the absolute value of this matrix.
Removes an attribute from the LDAP object. If the attribute does not exist an exception is thrown
Create a snapshot of the current state of the camera. If the camera has not been enabled
Parses the debuggerexception option.
Rotate the image in 180 degrees. The image is returned in the same dimension as this image
Update the finantare of the given column in the model with the value of the given
Display the calendar for the selected field. This method is called when the calendar is selected.
Creates a new linestring with the given coordinates.
Returns a new array of the specified size with all elements removed from the original array.
Closes the stream. If the stream is closed it will be closed immediately. If the stream
Returns true if the connection is allowed for the given eventname. If the eventname is
Subtracts the specified number of flakes from the current number of flakes.
Process a block of data from the input buffer and write the result to the output buffer.
Returns true if the given policy requires the given resource name to be available in the given realm
Main entry point for the command line tool.
Returns a string representation of the number v using the specified format string. The format string is
Create a authoritykeyidentifierstructure from an X. 509 certificate.
Open a jar file.
Remove all allemails from the list.
unwrap 2. 0. 0. 0 - > unwrap 2. 0. 0 -
Set the token for the pwresetadminlog. If the logstatus flag is set
Returns true if the character is a letter.
Call the visitor for each argument of this expression. The visitor will be called for each argument
Creates a link with the given uri and label.
Returns true if the given token is an isexpression of an isexpression.
Destroys this node. This method should be called when the node is no longer needed.
Creates a new URI from the given file.
Process a play request.
Binary search for an object in a list using a binary search algorithm. The binary search is
Finishes writing to the output stream and resets the bias value to the current bias value.
Returns the fall elements in the given state. The fall elements are in the same order as
Removes an object from the map.
Sets the data cache and the hash algorithm to use. This method is called when the cache
Marshall an enum value.
This method is called when the user presses the enter key. This method is called when
Returns true if the given filetype is supported by all of the midi file writers.
Returns the windownaf of the number with the given width. The windownaf is
Map the collection name with the appropriate rules. If dest is true the collection name will be
Fill a random integer vector with a random number between min and max.
Returns the hash code of this array.
This method is called when a thread is stopping an animation. It is called when the thread
Returns true if the package name is equal to p_name. If p_name is
Draw the rangemarker at the specified layer and index of the data area.
Decrypt the given encrypted data using the given password and secret key.
Sets the projectionchangepolicy and mousemodeidsforevents for this layer.
Returns true if the connection should be closed based on the given action. If the connection is
Returns the current color as a 3D HSL vector.
Returns a future that will be completed once the timeoutforeach milliseconds has elapsed. The future will
Returns true if there are no unused entries in the queue.
Changes the current working directory to the given path.
Remove quotes from a column name.
Check if the time passed since the last time we last changed is within the autoscroll
Refills the buffer from the input stream. If the buffer is full reads from the
Perform a search on the index and return the results as a list of documents.
Writes the string to the output stream. This method is called at the end of a list
Returns a list of all child elements of the given element that are contained in the given set
Generate a byte array of the specified number of bytes with seed set to the current seed.
Returns the number of arcstiptext as a string.
Get a list of all jobs in the specified project.
Returns the binary representation of the polynomial with the given q - th modulus.
Open the inputstream for the fallback. This method is called when the inputstream is not
Adds a new caret listener to this element.
Returns a reference to the current instance of the SerialSensormanager. This method is
Test whether _num is an integer and that _str is a currency.
Encodes a byte array into a Base64 string.
This test tests the constructor of a date object. This is done by comparing the timezone offset
Parse the ID from a Samedocument URI.
Marks a range of bytes as used in a range of a given range of bytes.
Computes the Cholesky decomposition of the given matrix.
Read a string of length n from the given memory.
Shifts the source array into the result array by count bits. If count is zero the
Add a new value to the valueset.
removelegionmember removes a member from the legion and broadcasts it to
Writes the contents of the buffer to the output stream. The buffer will be re - printed
Returns true if there is at least one baf body in the method chain.
Returns a copy of the given string with all of the characters in retainchars removed.
Delete the first free connection.
Binary search for an element in the sorted array.
Remove empty lines from the transitschedule and remove empty lines from the transitschedule.
Checks if two objects are equal by comparing their labels.
Convert a list of patches into a text representation of the patches.
Write the string to the output stream. This method is called at the end of the method
Validates the sort size property. If the value is out of range the default value will be
Finish painting the painting operation.
Delete this panel and all of it s children. This method is called when the panel is
Returns a future that completes with the average of the results of applying the given todoublefunction
Returns the next token in the stream. If there are no more tokens in the stream the
xerceshtmldocumentbuilderfactory creates a new SAX parser using the specified settings.
Returns a string representation of this connection.
Parse the given XML file and return the macro records. If the file does not contain a
Delete the distributed input node.
Adds the given part to the list of parts if it is not already present.
Terminate the fsync service and wait for it to terminate. If the fsync service is
Finds the farthest location in the given direction.
Compute the width and height of the emin imagesamplesize based on the source image size
Create the main pane.
Clean up the given digicorechain so that it can be used as a result of
Checks if the transaction manager has been set up. If not it will try to create a
Create a new fsdirectory at the given path. The path is assumed to be relative to
Adds an element to the document.
Convert an inputstream to a string.
Split the name of the remote branch into the remote branch and the name of the remote branch
Encrypts the given outputstream with the given password using the given salt and iteration count.
Right pads the given string to the given length with the given character. If the original
Reloads the swipestateinview for the given position in the given frontview
Resets the internal state of this object to its initial state. This method is called when the
Multiplies this matrix by the vertical flip of this matrix and returns the modified matrix.
Shuts down the datasource by closing the underlying session factory if it has been created.
Convert an IP address to a string.
Open a function in a window.
Converts a hex string to a byte array.
Writes a string to the buffer.
Creates a permissioncollection with all permissions.
merges the endpoints from the szone into the tzone.
Print a message at the normal log level. The message will be printed at the normal log
Read a chunk of data from an inputstream.
Returns a list of facetresult objects representing the sum of all the associations for the facet.
Performs a reverse geocode on the inputstream placenames. If majoronly is true
Patch a qualified name by adding the _str and _num parts of the qualified name.
Convert a listtag to a string.
Create a new XML element with the same attributes as this one but with the same attributes as
Resets the internal state of the Sensision instance to its initial state. This method is
Rotates this vector by the given radians around the center of the vector.
Called when the connection to the MQTT server has been lost. This method is called when
Returns the value of the output header with the given name or null if there is no output
Parses the query parameters into a map of types and filters. The returned map will contain the
Signs a SAML token profile using the WSSP - 10 binding.
Called when the state of the tab is changed. This method is called when the tab is
Adds the given URL to the list of URLs. If the URL is already in the list
Adds a status to the minterval. If the status is already present it will be
Resets the alpha and neighborhood size to the initial values.
Reloads the stream description from the current page.
Returns true if the given field is a static field or false if it is not.
Returns the number of outstanding requests.
Converts a byte array to a string.
Initialize the logger with the specified component name.
Fills the left side of the list with a view of the specified position and number of rows
Remove a value from the list of default values. If the list is empty the default values
The putcauseeviction test is used to test the putcauseeviction of a string
Merges two signatures and returns a new signature. If the two signatures do not overlap null is
Returns the hash code of this object.
Log an ignite deployment exception.
Enter a cnatreeelement. This method is called when a cnatreeelement is
Add an option to the command line.
Pauses the waiting thread for the client to join. This method is called when the client
This method is called when a property of the map is changed. This method is called when
Adds an imageresource frame to the transition. The imageresource is the
Scan for classes in the given location that implement the given interface. The location is relative to
Returns the next character in the JSON string. If there are no more characters in the JSON
Check if we need to update the light opacity for a given position. This is done by
Expands the rectangle r by the given amount.
Convert a string into a datagrampacket.
Returns a string representation of this grid.
Returns true if the context has been initialized.
Remove a shutdown hook from the list of shutdown hooks. This method is safe for concurrent access
Returns the points and transitions between the two given resultpoints in the image. The transitions are
Returns a string representation of the current value as a double.
Check if camera size is available. If not return false. If camera is available return true
Appends a string to the string builder. If the string is a boolean the string will be
Encodes the given plaintext string into a MIME - encoded string. The encoded string will be padded
Returns a reference to a lookuplist object that can be used to create a list of
Returns the sum of all deltas.
Returns true if the single character is a word boundary or if the wordseparators is empty
Executes the given operation blocking until the boolean flag is set. If the boolean flag is set
Writes a character array to the buffer.
Creates a tableviewer with the given parent composite and span. The tableviewer is created by
Returns a string representation of the type and subtype of this object.
Adds a line to the path.
Returns true if the model can handle the missing attributes. This method prints out the attributes summary
Disables all the buttons that have been enabled. This is used to disable all the buttons
Load an artifact from a file.
Try acquiring a number of resources from the current thread. If the current thread is
Returns true if the given stringbuilder ends with a LFLF or crlf.
Returns an enumeration of the available options.
Sets the transit section action and the delay.
The daddextensions method is called when the user clicks on a modal window.
Adds an imultipoint to the end of the list.
Returns true if the given class is a cglib proxy class false otherwise.
Verify that the discovery information has been received and if so return it. If not return null
Generates a new report for the given report description and target date.
Updates the text views based on the current state of the recharge object.
Returns a concurrent map for the given transaction. If the transaction is near the local map then
Stop the listener thread and close the server socket.
Decrypts the given data using the private key specified by pri_key. If the key
Derives an ARGB color from the two given colors using the specified midpoint.
Adds a landingpad to the block.
Creates a new instance of the attack strategy.
Sets the default thread pool pool size max thread pool keep alive and thread pool pool size.
Writes a chunk of data to the specified location. The chunk will be written to the location
Returns the event with the given id or null if there is no such event.
Initializes the values of the custom checkers from the preference store.
Load properties from the system properties file.
Prints the contents of this string list to the given printstream.
Parse a string into a date object.
Returns the MD5 hash of the given file or directory.
Initializes the pool with the given size certainty and random number generator.
Returns true if there are more records in the result set. If there are no more records
This method is used to trim the string representation of the string to the length of the string
Open a JSON string. The open bracket is added to the stack. The open bracket is
Returns the asciiboard representation of the position.
Clear all caches and sections.
Returns a set of all nodes in the given iterator.
Run the given callable multiple times in a thread pool. The number of threads will be increased
Creates an arraylist of containervm objects for the specified number of VM types.
Adds the port use count to the portuse counts. If the port is already in the
Pop an element s attribute set off the stack.
Adds a value to the cache. If the size of the cache exceeds the maximum size the
Remove a modelchange listener from the list of listeners for the specified table.
Fires a change event to all registered listeners.
Creates the connection name.
Discovers a host by its id.
Reads len bytes from the inputstream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset.
Draws all the lines in the connection order to the given canvas.
Add a node to the openqueue if it is not already in the closednodes list.
Convert a java file object to a file object.
Create an interleaved writableraster that can be used to write to the output buffer.
Build a random multisegment power lawbipartite graph.
Executes the given command in the current working directory and returns the output of the command.
Update the progress value of the current thread. If the value is greater than the current progress
Creates a context handler for the given directory.
Returns true if the number starts with the given prefix.
Returns a list of jettyjasperinitializers. The jettyjasper
Returns the path to the directory where the temporary files will be created.
Returns a string representation of the given partition. The partition must have the same length as the
Checks if the given productcategoryid is a child of the given parentproductcategoryid.
Adds an instance to the input queue and returns true if the batch was successfully added to the
Returns a list of all the columns in the specified table.
Adds a created resource to the list of created resources for a given location.
This method is called when the thread is signaling an event. It releases all of the
Compares this keyedobject with another keyedobject and returns true if they are the same.
Checks whether or not this node is a quorummaintained node. If this node is
Schedulenext alarm with reminder query batch size.
Set the stop flag to true. This is a no - op if the thread is stopped
test_enginecreatesslengine_02 - > sslcontextspiimpl.
Joins the given arrays into a single array using the given array function.
Splits the URL path into the query and path components. The returned set is a set of
Initializes the best selling report. The best selling report is the best selling report
This method is called when a transaction is started. It will notify all registered listeners.
Add a job to the queue. If the queue is full the job is added to the
Resets the state of the parser to its initial state.
Adds a constant pool entry to the constant pool.
Adds the chartset data to this chartset.
Get the info gain.
Cancels the specified property constant from the namevaluesholder. If the property constant is not
Deserialize a byte array into a typeserializer.
testremainderknuthmultidigitsbyonedigit.
Show the properties of the selected neurons in the system.
Encrypts a byte array using this cipher. The input must be at least length bytes long
determines if the current method has a change of the children of the given class.
windowstuffhelper is a helper method for setting up the windowstuff. It is
Removes all special characters from a string.
This is the main entry point for the script. It is called when the script is executed
Sets the url of a webimage. If the url is an image the image will be
Consolidates the given list of installment - > receipt tuples into a hashmap.
Checks if the given string is a valid email address. If the string is not a valid
Adds a linemergedirectededge to the list of directededges.
Parse an application. xml file into an application. xml object.
Create a new connection.
Returns a string representation of the collision statistics.
Add a subscription to the store.
Zip the file to the given location. If the file does not exist it will be created
Generate a hashmap for the expanded state of the tree. The hashmap is a hash
Add an audiopacket listener to the MaudiopacketB
Write a DELTACRINDICATOEXTension.
Sets the path to the javapath of the javaclient. The javaclient
Adds a callback to the source object. The callback will be executed asynchronously if async is true
Remove all blocks from the section.
Writes the given text to the given file. The text will be converted to UTF - 8
Returns true if the given node is an operator variableaccess.
Called when a new value is selected in the time picker. This method is called when the
Returns the intersection of the segments of s1 and s2 that are near the given point
Adds an update action to the list of actions that will be performed on this update manager.
Load the configuration from a data input stream.
Returns the URL of the class with the given classname in the jar. The classname will be
Signoff the given uniqueid from the cache and remove it from the view attributes list.
Create a new empty group from the given source and target descriptors. The group must be empty
downsamplertimestamp returns the given millitimestamp with the given windowsize.
Returns a string representation of this node.
This method is called when an error occurs during parsing. This method is called when an error
Put a template - subpattern association into the head of the patterntable.
Returns an iterator over the union of the location paths in the union of the location paths in
Reads data from the database and adds it to the result map. Returns the number of bytes
This method is called when an error occurs. This method is called when an error occurs.
Returns true if there are no more items in the queue. If there are no more items
Adds an X500 issuer to the certificate. The issuer is the canonical name of the certificate
Builds the key selection string.
Replace all nodes in the given map with those that are not in the given exclnode.
Store a device in the device store. This method is called when a device is added to
Checks that the _str argument is a valid XML element namespace URI and a malformed name.
Adjusts the absolute values in the given array to be between the lower and upper bounds.
Removes the iaudioprocessor at the given index.
Creates a chain of nodes with the given suffix appended to the given root node. The suffix
Create a by object from a locator string. This method is used to create a by object
Notify all listeners that a progressthread has started.
Throw an exception if the record is destroyed.
Upload an artifact from an inputstream to a given artifact version and file name.
Escapes a bytestring. The bytestring will be encoded as UTF - 8 encoded characters.
Converts an array of objects into an array of class objects. If the array is null or
Add the parent of the security element to the given headere element. This method is called
Skip spaces in the given string starting at the given index. Returns the index of the first
Updates the amplitude of the viewpoint node based on the elapsed time and the amplitude of the
Sample an assignment from the list of assignments. If the list is empty an empty assignment is
Read an X. 509 certificate from the given input stream.
Schedule the guachttptunnelmap for the given number of seconds. The guac
default b with key and value of type class. If value is null default b is created
Rename a table according to the schema and column names defined in the renamedefinitions.
Handle a read - last confirmed error. This method is called when a read - last confirmed
Adds the given floating point number to the hash table. If the hash table is full the
Apply the layout to the current position and neuron list.
Returns the value of the field as an integer.
Returns the number of layers to use based on the 764 - 90 formula.
Finds a static method with the given name and arguments. Throws an exception if the method is
Fetch the search service cards from the server.
Adds an aphonenumber to the list of mphonenumbers.
Returns a string containing only digits and plusonly characters that match the given matcher.
Compares two methods and returns true if they are the same or false if they are the same
Find the first markersegment with the given tag or null if there is no markersegment with
Open a reader for reading from the given input string. If an IO exception is thrown the
Concatenates the contents of this array into a new array with the first element of the array
Publish a text message to the server.
Returns true if the specified feature has a default value and false if it has a default value
Check if the URI is valid.
Parse a private keyusage extension.
Generates a list of periods for the given datetimeunit. The periods are generated in the order
Creates an AES secret key.
Log a change in the value of the property. This method is called when the value of
Parses a JSON string into a JSON object.
Load the version information from the server.
This method is called when a request is received from the userdtoservice. It will
Adds a view to the footer view list. This method is called when a footer view is
Adds the given string as the first element of the queue.
Returns true if the connection is in read - only mode. If the connection is in read
Consume _num elements and return the sum of all the elements. This is done by submit
Set the parent of this expression to the given expressionnode.
Returns true if the canonical name is registered.
Adds a constant to the constant list and returns a downscalequality object that can be used
Bail out with the specified message and optionally print the usage information.
Asserttimestampsequalwithepsilon asserts that actual is less than or equal to
Sets the spiderparam object that will be used to parse the spidersitemap. xml file
Flushes the output buffer to the underlying output stream. The output buffer will not be flushed
Adds a new hop to the list of entities.
Returns true if the event queue is empty or false if the event queue is empty.
Testprimitiveinstantiation. This method is called when the boolean value is true or false
Read entries from the segment.
Returns the number of hosts in the initiators map.
Adds all certificates in the given certstore to the list of certificates to be used for the
Process a Lob object with the given mapping and reference class. This method is called by
Start a prefix mapping for the given element and its declared namespaces. If a prefix mapping is
Prints the stack trace of this exception to the given writer.
Converts a list of dataflavours to an array of dataflavours.
This test tests whether a mission has an empty icon or not. This test fails if the
Translates the given attribute string into a string that can be written to a file or directory.
Returns the next unique message index id.
Fills the field values with the values of the hearingsensor and the default values.
Checks the securityinfos for the given endpoint. If the client identity is not secure it will
Retains all elements from this list to the end of the given list.
Converts a list of byte arrays into a list of bytestrings.
Adds an index to the table.
Sets the keystore key password to use for the SSL key store.
ZookeeperStateMachineEnsemble constructor.
Creates a shortcut for the given character. If the system is on the mac the mnemonic
Delete the node x from the tree and return it. If x is the root of the
Resets the errors and warnings counters to their initial values.
Write the source file to the outputstream. If the source is a file the outputstream
Creates a map from target class to list of typecompounds.
Update the location of the line. If the location is outside the hysteresis range
Compares this value to the given object.
Binds the given integer property to the given value. If the value is greater than or equal
Remove a column from the table.
Writes a log entry to the histogram. The log entry will be revalidated and the
Close the connection to the server.
Initialize the structembayessearch editor with the given sembayesestrunner
Remove an action listener that will be notified when the forward or back projection button is clicked.
Returns true if the character at the given index is a literal.
Returns the generategranularity for the given granularity. If the granularity cannot be parsed an exception
Sets the default locale for the word iterator. The default locale is used as the default locale
Release all resources associated with this index.
Push a local file to a remote server.
Process a single segment and return the result as a string. The segment is assumed to be
Resizes the buffer to the given size.
split uint8 char to byte array.
Print a short field as a string.
Add all the files in the given directory and its sub - directories. If prefix is null
Remove a bandwidth field from the list of available bandwidth fields. If the name is null then
Succeeds with the given number of times.
Returns the current time in milliseconds.
Collapses the newline characters in the given string into a single line.
Generate the javadoc for the given index.
Extract all namespaced properties from the given propertiesrc.
removes the last row from the list and returns a new table instance.
Ensure that the specified component is visible. If the component is not present it will be created
Ends a representation. This method is called when the representation is complete.
Set the standard piesection label generator. The standard piesection label generator uses the
Splits the given line into n tokens with the given delimiter. If the line is longer than
Sets the timer to run on the target object and the selector string and the number of seconds
Reads a tuple from the JSON stream. If the stream is exhausted an ioexception is thrown
Computes the string representation of left + right. If left and right are null return null.
Remove a propertychangelistener from the propertychangelistener list.
Load the data from a node into this object. This method is called by the Ket
Computes the hash signature for the given signature. The signature is assumed to have the same length
Add a trigger group name to the job store.
Reads a string from the input stream.
Delete all temporary files that are longer than the current number of files. This method is synchronized
Read and decompressthumbnail image from the given file and return it as a bitmap
Submits a task to the executor service without waiting for the task to complete.
Shrinks the given area into the given rectangle. If the result is null a new rectangle
Assert that the given solrqueryrequest passes all of the given tests. The default delta is
Build the stats for the given name and value. If the name does not exist a new
Serializes the classifier to a file.
Returns a _fields object for the given thrift field id or null if not found.
Returns true if the given field is a partition tag.
Returns the size of the arrangement of the block in the given container using the given
processexecute. If the method is a newproxiedresultset then return
Returns the index of the first occurrence of search within the specified range of the string or -
Increments the counter for the given key by the given amount and returns the new value.
Sends the given OSC packet to the given client.
This method is called when a key is typed. It is called when the user presses
Fill inthegaps the gap between the original names and the mapped classes.
Reads an object from an input stream.
Creates a multisiginput script from a list of byte arrays.
Deletes the rows with the given indices from the table. The row indices must be in ascending
Adds an event listener to the list. If the listener already exists it will be replaced.
- - - - - - - - i a u G c 2 - - - -
Returns true if the given date is between the given startdate and enddate.
Add a timeouteventlistener to the list of listeners. If the timeout is greater than
Converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
Transforms the given description into a string that can be used as the tooltip text.
Writes a portion of a byte array to the end of this buffer. The buffer must be
This method is called when the client sends a request to the server. This method is called
This method is called for each character in the given string. This method is called by the
Appends a tag with the given name and value to the end of the XML string.
Retourne le fichier certificatetokenvalidationextrainfo.
Adds a collection of top - level content elements to the list of top - level content elements
Creates a new SQL instance and passes it to the closure. If the closure throws an exception
Writes the contents of the buffer to the output stream. This method is not supported by this
Add a policy entry to the resource index.
Solves a set of nodes using the D - Solve algorithm. This method is called
Delete from the start of the range [ deleteat numstarts ).
Creates an eventtypemetadata object that represents a bean type. The name is the name of
Reverses the state of the payment allocation.
Returns true if the given GSCaller uses credsonly access to the property.
Adds a string value to a field. If the field name already exists the value will be
Deletes the given storagedata object from the storage system.
Sends an advanced request to the server and returns a response with a status code of 200.
Returns true if the condition is true for the given example. If the condition is not met
Load binary data from the given inputstream. If the inputstream is a fileinputstream
Delete a list of LUNs from a LUN group.
removes a set of locators from the list of discovered locators.
Returns true if the given item selection choice is selected in the selection set false otherwise.
Add a progress operation to the progress panel.
Sets the key store provider to use. The provider name must match the name of the key
Decrement the worker count by one and set the current worker count to - _num.
Creates a new httpurlconnection from the given request objects.
Add a TCP connection to the specified host and port. The connection will be closed when the
Create a table and check that the schema version meets the minimum and the schema version are
Returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch. This is the time in milliseconds since the epoch
Initializes the programrewriter with the given list of hoprewriterule and list of statement
Creates the settings menu.
Writes a string to the dataoutputstream. If the string is null the length of the
Returns true if the given string is a valid javavalidname. If the string is
Create the list of commands to be run on the nodejsfile and tsfile.
Parse the packagelist and update the sensorcontext with the number of files and directories.
Consume the error stream of a process and append it to the appendable.
Delete the first occurrence of the specified string.
Converts a list of string parameters into an array of class objects.
Trims all the entries in the GazMap to make sure that all the entries are
Returns true if the user presses the selectaccount prompt.
Sorts the instances in ascending order using a binary search. The instances are sorted in ascending order
Flips the image horizontally. If maintainopacity is true the opacity will not be
Returns the boolean value to be used for auditing. If the boolean value is null then
Returns true if the content - type of the given siprequest is a terms request.
Reads the segments from the file and adds them to the _segments list.
Project a time in 24 hours into a time in the range [ 0 _num ).
Update min and max for nodictionary.
deserializes a struct.
The main entry point for the command - line tool.
Concatenates two byte arrays into a single byte array.
Set the input stream to the specified file. The input stream will be read from the specified
Creates a new instance of the extendeddismaxconfiguration class.
Writes the properties of the given value to the given database. This method is called by the
Computes the scale of the axis value of the emaxy axis.
Adds a focusclearedlistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the focus
Add an item listener to be notified when an item is added to the list of listeners.
Returns an enumeration of the available options. The list of available options is an enumeration of the
Create a new mosaiclevy with the given mosaicid and a random number.
Returns the rank of the given value in the sorted set.
Returns a predicate that evaluates to true iff and only if the given predicate evaluates to false.
Add a margin to a child view if it has not already been added to the statusbar
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Send data to the device. The data is copied from the specified buffer starting at the specified
Fetch the schema from the server and register it with the dynamic and constantsets.
Appends the given data to the given buffer with the given prefix separator and suffix.
Converts the real array to a real array of the same type as the output array type.
Read the partitions of the sequence file at the given path and return a list of the keys
Returns true if seqno is greater than or equal to the max seqno of the disk log.
Draws a line in the specified region of the image at the specified coordinates.
Process an item and return a rail string.
Pushes an element onto the end of the list and returns it.
Returns the number of elements in the list at the given tailindex.
Createres a response from a web. xml document. This method is called by the
Convert an object to a long. If the object is already a long it will be returned
Finishes the gridrow. Adds a gridrow icon to the parent widget.
Test whether the state is preserved 1. This is done by comparing the encoded key with the
Disconnects the AndroidDebugBridge and terminates the AndroidDebugBridge. This method should be called
Called when a PING message has been received from the peer.
Returns the numeric value of the given object literal or - 1 if it is not present.
Reset the viewable area to its initial state. This method will throw a runtimeexception.
Test that the number of transferrate operations and the number of transferrate
Adds a X509trustmanager to the list of trust managers. If the manager is already
Returns an iterator over the children of this node. If children is null returns an empty iterator
Creates a new folder if it doesn t already exist.
Computes the i - component of the line segment between two points. The i - component is
Run the doconcurrentclienttest on the specified number of clients using the specified properties.
This test tests the result set s scale. The result set s scale must be greater than
Returns a string representation of the given value. If the value is a string it will be
Returns true if the given annotation type has a retention policy and the runtime is the same as
testprocessmsg5 - process a message of type MGSM_MSG_TYPE_
Adds the specified classpath to the list of paths that will be used to build the jar.
Load the directories from the properties file. If the property file does not exist it will be
Creates a new nullindividuum object with the specified number of dimensions.
Returns a list of all the classes found in the given URI.
Returns true if the given string is a slavogermanic.
Shuffles an inventory with a random number generator.
Format the given value with the given number of digits. If the number is the same as
Returns a copy of the input string with all characters converted to lower case. If the input
Run the assertions on a list of steps. The list must be sorted in ascending order.
Register a new transform URI.
This method is called when a coroutine is exiting. This method should be called when the coroutine
Shrinks the buffer by copying the contents of this buffer to a new array.
Sets the conditions that should be met for the AND operation. If no conditions are provided all
Drop all the data from the dataqueue to the given absolute position.
Sets the host port and transport information.
Updates the controls based on the current state of the game. This method is called when the
Writes a character to the outputstream.
This method is called when a message is received from a loconet. The message is
This method is called when the batcher is started. It is called when the batcher
Allow multiple additions for the given systemname.
Returns true if objectclass is present in objectclasses set. If objectclass is not present
Write an integer field.
Returns the logarithm of the factorial of x.
Wait for the operation to complete and throw an ioexception if it fails. If the operation
Add and get an object. If the object does not exist yet it will be created.
Close the given closeable ignoring any exceptions that may be rethrown.
Append a byte array to the output stream.
Notifies the listeners that the content of the list has changed. This method is called when
Convert an integer host address to an inetaddress object.
Open a new FTP connection.
Unpacks a string into a char array. The length of the array is determined by the
Puts a value into the map if it is not already present. If the value is present
Returns the number of characters common to both text1 and text2.
This method is called when the input source is closed. This method is called when the input
Start the monitor thread. If the monitor thread is not currently running log an error message.
Read the current video frame from the buffer and write it to the output buffer.
Scale the icon by the given factor. If the icon already exists it will be replaced.
Read an object from an input stream.
Returns the camel case version of this string.
Removes and returns the element at the current position in the list or null if the list is
Update this moviesetaddaction with the data from the bundle.
Create the regular expression registry for the given port. If the registry has not been created yet
Poll for a new token from the socket. This method will block until the next token is
Resets the internal state of this state machine. This method is called when the state machine is
Adds whitespace to the end of the string if it is not the last character in the string
This method is called when the user clicks on a duplicate action request. This method is called
Returns true if the token has expired.
Visit this frame. This method is called by the visitor for visiting this frame.
Returns a native string array containing all the special properties.
This method is called when a one - query is received. This method is called by the
Get the list of formeridentities of the current node.
Computes the logarithm of the value of the parameter.
This method is called when a chart progress event is received. This method is called by the
Obtains a copy of this date that is japanesed at the given epoch day.
Checks that the grid is empty.
Returns the node with the given hash value equal to or greater than or equal to the given
Adds a language to the list of available languages. If the list already contains a language the
Binary search for the key in the array and return the index within the array or - 1
Insert a new user into the database. This method is called when a new user is added
Mix two blocks of 128 - bit data into a 128 - bit block.
Register a new host in the list of hosts.
This method is called when a flow is being reconciled. This method is called by the
Create a jar file from a map of bytes.
Append a numeric cell to the table.
Add a server proxy failed apicall to the list of expected apicalls.
Removes the parameter with the given key from the parameters map.
Recalculates the attributeistics for the given attribute. This method is called when the attribute
Returns true if this node or any of its children is empty.
Inserts a new column into the table at the specified columnindex.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given string in the set of data characters.
calcrhssize returns the number of times a production is a rhssizeew
Load a scripted command from an inputstream and return a bshmethod object.
Invoke the command with the given arguments and return the result of invoking the command with the given
Computes the probability of a multinomial logistic model.
Add a new client to the external client data map.
Delete a file from the system.
Remove volumesteps from an export group.
Computes the log - likelihood of a document using the Gibbs - Sampling algorithm.
Remove the given debug token from the table.
Adjust minprefforspanningcomps and minprefforspanningcomps.
Parse the chatevent file and call the listener with the parsed chatevents.
This method is called when a new byte is encountered when an escape sequence is encountered.
Gets the network parameters for the given id.
Adds the certificates and crls from the given certstore to the list of certificates and crl
Store the body of the message in the dataoutputstream. The body is written to the
Find the angle between the origin and the target point.
Append a whitespace character to the given appendable.
Clear the resource index for the given resource type.
Serialize this message into a byte array.
Returns the generaterolling periods for the given datetimeunit. The generaterolling
Returns a set of vertex match patterns that can be used to generate vertex match patterns.
Reset the unread count for the specified group. If the group does not exist nothing happens.
Adds a lexiconcategory to the list of categories.
Call a non - virtual object method.
Try to find all messages that are connected to the other nodes. If there are no messages
Creates a new color based on the background and foreground colors.
Test for the fact that the values of _str and _str are set to null.
Store the client id in the cacheclientid table for the given consumerbean and intern
Find the node with the given key h and key k.
Returns true if the field is public false otherwise.
Receives a single image from the queue. This method will block until the image is processed
This method will execute the query and return the result as a string. If p_selection
Create a new s2cellid from the i j - th face and the i -
Update the actions based on the current state of the inaviproject.
Closes the underlying stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method does not close the
Truncates a phone number into a national number. If the phone number is too short it
Returns true if timemicros is less than timecomparisonepsilon.
Returns an empty histogram or an empty histogram if there is no histogram.
Creates a weekday label.
Append a relative path to the end of the current path.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of substring in value or - 1 if value is null
Submits a null callable to the executor service.
Reads a 32 - bit integer from the stream. The number of bytes read is returned.
Add a directive to the list of directives that should be preprocessed.
Format a long into a string builder.
Clear all results from the profiler.
Add a has clause to the query.
Adds an attribute value to an existing attribute.
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream. The inputstream and outputstream
Print all public or protected members of a type.
Initializes the basicvariables array and the basicrows array.
Handle a mousereleased mouse event. This method is called when a mouse event
FreespaceWindows is the same as freespace but does not wait for the result
Attaches a sipheader to the message.
Phonemise the given text at the given position using the given G2P method
Stop the application with the given exit code.
Returns the state of the fieldodestateandderivative.
Returns the hash code of the given object. If the object is null then the hash code
Puts all of the elements in the given map into this map.
Asserts that a pivot field is equal to the given value and has the given count.
Returns the string representation of this boolean value as an XML string. The boolean value will be
Writes an array of strings to an XML stream.
Walks the file tree rooted at the given directory calling the given visitor for each file
Highlighthashtags the hashtags in the given text.
Process a block of data from the input buffer and write the result to the output buffer.
Returns the command topic with the given command. If no command is given the current command is
Checks for null elements in the given array. Throws an exception if the array is null or
Download a file from the given URL and return the content as an inputstream.
testsetseedbytearray02 This test fails if the seed byte array is not the same
Flips the image vertically. The image must have the same width and height as this
Creates a new instance of this filter from the given arguments. This method is called by the
wrapthrow is a wrapper around the exception thrown by the callable and finally the code
Pads the left side of the given string to the given number of characters.
Returns a hash code for this policy.
Set the input and output streams to the default character set. The default character set is the
Returns true if the column at the given rowindex is celled. If the column at
checkstreams is called every check_delay milliseconds to see if there are any streams that are
Adds a package to the priority list. The package will be added to the end of the
This method is called when an action is performed on the remote viewer. This method is called
Verifies a certificate against a list of CRLs and returns a string describing why the certificate is
Expands the input string into a string that can be written to the standard output stream.
Sets the supported encodings and the maximum number of channels that can be used to encode the audio
Returns true if the graph is rotating EDGELabels or false if not.
Creates a new responsecode with the given extension name.
Makes the inverse cumulativetest values of the curve.
Append the string to the string builder. If the boolean is true the string will be appended
Delete a set of servers from the server configuration.
sorts the elements of a in ascending order using a binary search. The elements in a
This method is called when a fatal error occurs. This method is called when an error occurs
Adds a terminal to the set.
Create the znode if it doesn t already exist.
Stop recording. This is a blocking call and should not be called concurrently with other threads.
Writes a tag to the output stream.
Returns the hash code of this certificate.
Creates a new typevariablebv.
Iterate from self to to to with the given closure. If self is greater than to the
Adds a select clause element to the list of select clause elements.
Remove a pvchangelistener from the list of listeners.
Returns true if the values in the given geotimeserie are normalized.
Shows the progress of the current execution.
Parses a string into a repositoryexpression.
Closes the output stream. This method should be called when the output stream is closed.
Adds a section to the list of sourcesections.
Load a list of genomerelationships from a buffered reader.
Splits the version string into parts and returns them as an array of integers.
Get the type of the computation.
Returns true if a and b are approved within a tolerance. Negative numbers are treated as
Load a JSON model from a file.
Splits a line into an array of strings. If the line does not contain a less comment
Create a list of volumes with the given name and number of volumes with the given number of
Convert a linked hashmap to an object of the given type.
Returns a _fields object for the given thrift field id or null if not found.
Checks if the given block is the start block of the given block. If it is it
Returns true if there was an error during the execution of the procedure. If there was an
Splits the PDF document into multiple pages of the specified size.
Validate the set of authentication schemes. If the set is empty an exception will be thrown.
Converts a string representation of a UUID into a UUID object. If the string does not start
Read a single line from the input stream.
Decodes the given base64 string into a byte array.
Creates a new makeredpaint.
Returns a list of all the numbers in the text that match the _str pattern.
Create a new entry node in the graphserver and add it to the given parentnode.
Asserts that the delivery states for the given deliveries are in the expected state.
Create a facets compilescope for the given files.
Writes the given bitmap to the given file.
Parse the given text and return a Sentence object. If the text is null the text is
Replace an existing child node with a new child node. If the old child node is the
Computes a hash code for the given key pairs.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream.
Add an entry to the infolist.
Updates the sliding state based on the new slide position normalized.
Flush the output to the specified vcfwriter.
Sets the videostream to the given string. This method is called when the v
Returns true if this string is equal to the given string.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream.
Start the servers in a new thread and wait for them to be started.
Evaluate the pagination for the given entity class. The default limit and max limit can be specified
Initialize the runtime collector with the given algorithm frequency and writer.
Deregisters a service provider. If the provider is not registered this method returns false.
Sets the comparator to the newest - first comparator. This comparator will compare to the newest -
Updates the value of the item with the given x and y. If the item does not
Writes a float field to the underlying output stream.
Decodes a byte array into a byte array of the specified number of bytes. The number of
Create a scroll gap path for a scroll button at the start of the screen.
Remove all views from the adapter and from the given viewpager.
Returns true if the given string is a valid mobile number.
Converts an error message into a string that can be written to a file. If filename is
Returns the hyperbolic sine of the argument.
Adds a notification to the notificationwidget.
Returns true if the attributes have been modified or false if the attributes have not been modified.
Returns an ignored descriptor for the given method. If the method is annotated with igniteignore
Randomly sample k dbids from the source. If k is greater than the number of
Returns the number of messages to be drawn. This is the number of messages to be drawn
Grab the arguments from the given signature.
test_enginecreatesslengine_01.
This method is called when a new event arrives. This method is called when a new
Resets the state of the candidate set to its initial state.
Redefine this node with the given nodetype namespace and localname.
Puts a long value into the memory at the given position.
Delete a set of volumes from a replication set. This will delete all volumes in the set
Movetonext is called by the thread that is waiting for a frame to be
Reads a 64 - bit long from the stream.
test method to get the metadata of a column in the current result set.
Tries to discover the appropriate log implementation based on the user - specified log category. If no
Creates a new viaheader object from the given host port transport and branch. The host and
Returns a string representation of this recordset.
Resolves the parameters of the given executable.
Returns true if the given character is a valid name start character.
Returns true if the given character is the start of the ID.
Returns a hash code for this object.
This method is called when the commandhandlerenum event is received. It sets the command to
Returns true if the given descriptor ends with a floating point number.
This method is called when the component is resized. This method is called when the component is
Sets the name description and number of expected values for this argument. The number of expected values
Removes the specified object from the array at the specified index. If the array does not contain
Removes the given model from the list of models.
Read a map from a file.
Calculate the Hoeffding log - likelihood given the number of trials observed and probability
This method is called when the user scrolls up or down. This method is called when
Test that the local random numbers are deterministic. This is done by comparing the local random numbers
Adds a new match to the list of applied regions. If the list is empty then the
Resets the state of this node to its initial state.
Asserts that the given consumer throws an exception with the given exception class and the given message.
Returns true if all nodes ways and relations are empty.
Check if a boolean is true. If verbose is true log the message and throw a runtime
Converts a tag key - value map to a tag key - value map. The idkey
This method is called at the end of the class initialization. It is called after the class
Attempt to retry on an exception.
Sort a file in batches according to the given comparator. The files are sorted in increasing order
Add a directoryset to the database.
Returns the hinode in the skiplistmap or null if hi is null.
Add an idrepoamsdkplugin to an organization s config.
Adds the given key to the pin string and returns the resulting string. If the key is
Returns true if the given string is an Ihierachic number. If the string
Paints the layer on the given graphics context. This method is called when the layer is
Receives a single character from the stream. If the stream is full the method blocks until
Convert a byte array to a byte buffer.
Writes a single byte to the outputstream.
Process local files and return a new uri.
generatescreenonoroffternace generates a string with the screen on or off
Resets the counter to its initial state and resets the start time to the current time.
Reads an integer from the input stream.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option list.
testaddissuerljavax_security_auth_x500_x500principal02.
Adds a tag transformation to the list of tag transformations to be applied to the source tag.
Returns true if the file was modified since the given timestamp or after the given end offset.
Returns the next string in the input stream without advancing the input stream.
readlyrics3tag - readlyrics3tag - readlyrics
Evaluate the distance between two vectors. The distance between the two vectors is the sum of the
Returns true if the database configuration is present.
Returns true if the given string is a complete sequence of consecutive characters. If the string is
Generates a JavaScript log alert close window.
extracts the best rule parse for a given state from a given sentence. The best rule
Override this method to add the attributes of the element to the list of attributes that should be
Computes the Euclidean distance between two points.
Prints the given conditions to the console and flushes the output to the standard output stream.
Pads a string to the specified number of places with the specified character.
Register an error result code.
Add all elements from other to this exception set.
Set up the SCEUBCAMSTARTVIDEO.
Sets the list of licensefiles to use for resourceloaderlicenseloc
Checks if the given exception is an intendedexception of the given class.
Initialize the projecttyperegistry with the given set of projecttypedef objects.
Add a notification listener to an mbean.
testcase16. This testcase uses a negative number as the sign of the number.
Consume messages from the consumer and send them to the bus. This is a long running method
Delete all of the attributes associated with the given entry. If checkdups is true the
testdsaprovider is the same as testdsaprovider but it does not
Returns true if the given class node is a class literal or not. A class literal is
Load the log file for the given license.
Creates a filter that strips HTML tags from the given string. The filter will use the
Updates the user with the given id with the given password. If the password is empty the
Calculate the likelihood of a document.
Returns a string representation of this instance.
Returns true if the request is in safemode false if it is in non - saf
test_getbytearraywithoffsetandlength - get byte array with offset and length.
Adds a new item to the end of the list. If the list is empty it will
Returns true if there are any localized messages in the current locale or if the first message is
Creates a DockerImage instance from the given image name. The image name may contain a namespace
Add a set of notification channels to the list of channels to listen for notifications.
Deletes a directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created. If the directory
Delete all empty folders in the favorites table.
Returns a future that completes with the result of applying the given tointfunction to the current
Write 3 bytes to the stream.
Parse the given string into a document.
Returns true if the given volume is a productionjournal for the given set of productioncopies
testpoundsymbolincolumnname - test whether _str is a valid symbol in the
Decodes the given escaped string into a string. The escaped string will be converted to UTF -
Wait until the next poll is called. This method will block until the next poll is called
Computes the number of lines and the number of lines in the given annotext.
Writes the imagemap for the given name and chartrenderinginfo to the given printwriter
Adds a message to the list of messages for the given type. If the message is empty
Return the string representation of this message as an XML string. If this message is not a
Convert a collection of objects into a list of strings.
Returns the minimum element of the given iterable.
Read data from the buffer. If the buffer is full the data is read from the buffer
Adds a key and value pair to the map. If the map is full the map is
Given a list of itemstacks consolidate them into a single list of itemstacks
Get how many days old for a given time.
Checks if the character data is a valid XML character. If it is it will return the
Test that the result of XORing numa and numb is the same as res.
Executes the given consumer on the next element of this stream.
fill with _num and _str fill with _num and _num - 1 fill with
Add missing values to the given data.
inserts records in batches of partitionsize. records is a list of lists of dataobjects
Remove an ontabselectedlistener from the list of listeners.
Sets the list of URI to connect to. The list must have the same length as the
Add a volume to a storage group based on the specified policyname. If the policy does
Convert a string into an inputstream with the given encoding.
Returns true if the export is enabled for PKCS8 format.
Generate a public key from a base64 encoded public key.
Sets the tick label and rotation of a number. The tick label will be placed at the
Returns true if the thread is running and the cache is non - null and not null.
Log a message with a given level and printstream.
Returns true if the given modifier is a public modifier false otherwise.
Create a user preference map from the genericvalue rec. This is used to create a map
Append a string to the JSON buffer. The string must be a quoted string or an array
Delete the user from the passwordfilelocation of the given authenticationinfo object.
Log a message at the ERROR level with the specified message - id data and session.
Removes an iaudioprocessor from the list of processors.
End the recover animation for the given viewholder.
Adds an element to the map. If the map is full the size of the map is
Returns true if the given method is contained in the given list of wrapper methods.
Removes a node from the list of nodes. If the node is no longer in the list
Called when the user presses the update button. This is called when the user presses
Returns a string representation of this node s attributes.
Check if the stream is present in the class. If it is then set m_present
Evaluate the log - likelihood of the difference between x and y. The log - likelihood is
Returns the batch size for this query.
Decodes a URL - encoded byte array into a byte array. The bytes are assumed to be
Clear all cached scrapes and recycle all cached views. This method is called when the
Adds a new dataset to the chart.
This method is called when the end of an element is encountered. This method flushes the
Set the libvlc audio options.
Add a child display at a specific location.
Returns the minimum path sum of the given grid.
Sets the time of this date to the given time. The time is assumed to be in
This method is called when the update button of the dialog is clicked. This method is called
Minimizes a simple automaton.
Returns true if this object is equal to the given object.
Adds a column to the table. If the column is null nothing is done.
Checks for nans in a numbervector. Returns false if there are no nans.
Fills the given string builder with the contents of this string starting at the given offset.
Open the file for writing. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Calculate the k - component of the correlation function at a given point and a given distribution.
Closes the output stream and flushes any buffered data to the underlying output stream. If an
Write a list of files to a file.
Mark all internal classes in the type descriptor as internal. This is used to mark internal classes
Returns the cosine of this angle.
Returns the squared error of the predicted values with respect to the target attribute.
Returns the number of prefixes in the set.
Append a character sequence to the buffer.
Convert a timestamp to a string.
Returns the value of the attribute with the given name or null if the attribute is missing.
Copy the contents of this buffer into the given byte array at the given position.
Adds the given key to the encryption queue. If the key already exists nothing is done.
Creates a connectiongrouptree from a connectiongroup and a list of permissions.
Returns true if the string contains only a single character and false if it does not.
Separe the metatags content.
Remove columns from the table.
Read the service configuration from the database. This method is called when the user is authorized to
Refresh the trigger keys from the preference manager. This method is called when the trigger keys are
Add a typemirror to the list of inherited types.
Multiply a histogram by a scalar.
Add new participants to the cache. This method is called when a new participant is added to
Convert a map to a JSON string.
Print the message and context to the given printstream.
Returns the number of methods in the class.
Add a requestid to the map of requestids. This is used to store the request
Method to save the MNI to the list of MNI objects.
Goes to the update page of the playstore. If the playstore doesn t have
Create a new element in the given class scope with the given icompilation unit.
Converts a collection of virtualfiles to a list of relative file paths.
Ensure that the current thread has a security manager. If not create a new one.
Returns the rate of the conversion between the two given IDs. If the conversiondate is null
Sends a request to the server and the client and returns the socket that will be used to
Create an SNMP engine ID from the current host and port.
Parse parsereferential. xml file and return list of rule objects.
Encrypt and replace wsselements in a DOM document. This method is used to encrypt and
Adds a transformation issue to the list of issues for the given object and feature id.
Inserts a child node at the given index.
Computes the NTLM hash of the given password using the NTLM algorithm.
Checks if the value is between zero and one. If so it shows a warning message.
Returns the value of a parameter substituted in the form of a string. The parameter value
Performs a power - of - equals operation on each element of the matrix.
Splits a camelcase string into a list of strings. The first string in the list is
Select the nodes that match the given xpath string in the given document and return them as a
Creates a new resultentry object for the given population with the given typed properties.
Process the generatediscovery event.
Sets the base type and the SQL type. This is the base type of the object.
This method is called when an action is performed. It is called when an action is performed
Apply the properties to the parameterservice.
Rotates the root node to the left or right of the pivot node.
Add a node to the end of the list.
Checks if a backup set exists in the backup directory.
Convert a quoted and commaseparated string into an array of strings.
Writes a string to the stream without writing a newline. The string can be null or empty
Parse a smartthreshold file into a list of smartthresholds.
Shuts down the thread pool with the specified number of threads. The thread pool will be
Returns the point that should be drawn to the view of the image.
Called when the connection to the server has been established. This method is called when the connection
Adds a setupdescriptor to the list of setupdescriptors. This method should only be called
Compiles the given progress successaction into a template that can be written to the output stream.
Joins the specified float values into a string using the specified separator. If the specified float array
Put an unsigned byte into a byte buffer.
Returns the number of parameters in the given descriptor.
Optimize the trie by merging the rows in the original trie with the rows in the original
Returns true if the current user has all permissions set to permission_denied.
Returns a string representation of this table key.
Creates a datetimeformatter for the given locale.
Wait until the external store is mounted or until the timeout is reached.
Pushes a new value onto the end of the list. If the list is full the
Upload and install an app from a local file to a remote device.
Reads as bytes from an inputstream into a bytearraylist. The inputstream must be closed
Uninstalls the package with the given name ignoring the status of the package. If the package
Open a new player. If the player is currently playing the next item in the list will
Set the field names.
Test negativereversestepbyonewithclosure.
Returns null if the precision of the decimal value is greater than the allowed precision.
Deserialize a string into a DOM node.
Appends the given parameters to the given URL and returns the result as a string.
Send an event to the agent. The event will be written to the eventwriter.
Apply the JMS objects to the hashmap.
Index all tuples in the given iterator with the given field.
Close the given outputstream.
Add a search listener to the list of listeners to be notified when a new search is made
Returns true if this attribute is a single - attribute attribute chain false if it is not.
Creates a new cache entry in the cache file and renames it to the cache file.
Opens a file on the remote machine.
Toggles the selection of a photo. If the photo is already selected it is removed
This method is called at the beginning of each tick. It is called before the next tick
Map a character to a byte. If the character is out of range return the numeric value
Produce an event on the target object. This method will throw an exception if the target object
Wraps the given name if it is not a built - in keyword or a built - in
Adds a new issue matcher to the matcher list.
Find the scope of an annotatedelement.
Open a key in the registry. The key must exist in the registry. The key must
Remove an ipropertychangelistener from the list of listeners.
Returns the index of the previous character in the text.
Called when a new image element is added to the image queue. This method is called when
Returns true if this name starts with the given name. If the name is a compoundname
Test invokeall method 5. This is a test for the case where all the tasks are
The internallistener method is used to initialize the configmanager instance. This method is
Signs the given hash with the private key. Returns null if the hash is invalid.
Sets the start and end dates of the time period.
Create the edit menu.
Remove the given listener from the list of listeners for history changed events.
Sets the current state of the state machine and logs it to all registered loggers.
Returns true if this node is an isbom node false if it is not.
Returns true if the value of this field is a signed value.
parses the next line of text and returns the result as an object.
Returns the number of parts in the message.
Creates a database from an input stream. The input stream must be opened for reading. The
Adds the chooser filters to the specified JFileChooser object.
Unbinds the service from the context. This is called when the application is stopped.
Peek at the next character in the source string. If there are no characters in the source
Eliminar un organizacionvo de la gestion organizacionbi.
Add a new layer to the list of layers. If there are more than _num layers
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ignorm c1 into c2. c1 and c2 must have the same
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character in the given string starting at the given
Reads the content of this ASN. 1 object into the buffer. If the stream is null
Sets the value of this field to the given value. The type of the field is determined
Create cashbased journalentries and reversalsforsavingstax.
Reads a number of bytes from the current position into the specified byte buffer starting at the current
Returns a copy of the given calendar with all of the fields set to clear - time.
Returns the probability density density function at a given k - th mean.
Append an unpadded integer to a stringbuffer.
Draws all the text elements of this state machine.
finds a springactivedirectory with a limit of _num
This method is called when a key is pressed on the keyboard. It is called by the
Returns a hash code that can be used to uniquely identify this node. The hash code is
Removes the stripleading period from the given string if it starts with the stripleading
Checks if the given directory is a required configuration directory.
Removes empty labels from the labels list and sets the id to the next unique label in the
Rotates the z - axis by the given angle.
Returns the number of nanoseconds from the given time in milliseconds since January 1st 19
Returns a new future that completes with the result of applying the given tolongfunction to the
Create a balancedwebclient using the given username password and list of hosts to connect to
Create a new array signature from the given typesignature and the given number of elements.
Print a new line break at the end of the current line.
Increases the size of the buffer by a smaller number of elements.
Handle an enumeration of an attribute. This is called when an enumeration of an attribute is encountered
Returns true if there are more pages to load.
Add a new worker to the pool if it is not already in the pool.
Remove a node from the frontier.
Create a font from a bitmap image. The font will be added to the cache.
Checks if the given memory pool MXBean is istenured.
Returns a string representation of this column.
Execute the callable in interpreter only mode. The callable is executed in the context of the interpreter
Add a protocol dispatch selector to the specified protocol dispatch selector.
Adds a header to the response.
Read a section of text from a buffered reader.
Returns a set of all non - monogamous samples from the given families.
Creates the vaoscene vertex array buffer and vertex buffer pointers.
Returns true if the given file contains the given content. If the file does not exist it
Load an image from a file and return an array of boolean arrays where the first element is
Updatereceipt status whencancelled.
Adds one or more animations to the list of animations to be applied to a manimated view
Cleanup the discovery state and persist it to the database.
Initializes the hashset with the words read from the file and adds them to the hashset
Returns true if the given string exists in the given range of length minlength and maxlength
Unregisters all listeners for a file or directory. This method is called when a file or
Add a property to the criteria.
Remove a column from the table.
Check if an unmanaged protection set exists in the database. If not return null.
Put a string into a byte array at a specific offset in a byte array.
Check if the given query matches the given expression. If the expression does not match the query
Updates the current value with the result of applying the given function to the current value and returns
Closes the notification and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the notification
Returns true if the resource should be moved to the specified load balancer service. If the load
Convert throwable messages to their original message.
Creates a new file in the directory at the given path using the given lock factory.
Adds the minutestolist to the values and labels.
Recompose an elemvariable if it is not already in the list of variables.
This method is called when a property of the popup is changed. This method is called when
Sorts the given array in ascending order. If the array is already sorted it is returned.
executes a SQL UPDATE statement and returns the number of rows affected by the UPDATE statement.
Perform a dotextnormal operation on the text. The text is assumed to be in the
Initializes this class with the given connection. If the connection has already been initialized this method does
Adds a collection of indices to the index list.
Returns true if the current request is a secure cookie false otherwise.
Load a list of objects from a JSON stream.
Create a multistepexprholder for the given list of paths.
Adds the weight for each unit of the channel s word length.
test update 3 with foreign key strict table and parent table.
Removes all exceptionalout instructions from the chain. If there are no exceptionalout instructions
Returns a string that is a spaced version of this number. The number is the number
Parse the content type from the given byte array at the given offset. If the content type
Performs a benchmark that does not cache the result.
Move the current line to the current position and add a line to the current position.
Parse the output of the conflict command and return a list of conflict results.
Send the start of the message to the given outputstream. This method is called when the
Add the given number to the current value s actual qty.
Returns true if the given character is a vowel.
Prints the stacktrace of the given sqlexception to the given printwriter.
Read data from a data input stream.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list and returns the old value.
Builds a row of components in the panel. The component will be added to the panel.
Adds the specified elements to the targetelements list.
Adds a curveto to the path. The curveto will be added to the
Divide a rounded up number by - 1 and round it up to the nearest integer.
opencounterdatainputstream creates a bufferedreader for reading data from the counter file.
Adds a predicate to the list of predicates that should be satisfied.
Reads the next word from the input stream.
Appends the given string to the given stringbuffer. If the given string is null the string
Test if a file exists in the external staging directory.
Build associations from a list of instances.
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with with.
This is a helper method that is used to determine the location of the file in which the
Adds an object to the list of objects to be added.
Returns the first child element of the given element whose name is one of the given names.
Entry point for the htmltest script. This is the main entry point for the script.
Returns the hash code of this string.
Test for adding all helpertextcolors from an array of colors. This is done by
Normalizes the input array by dividing each element by the maximum of the number of elements.
Writes a message to a file. If the file does not exist it will be created.
Returns a hash code for this column and sample model.
Returns a random float in the range [ start end ).
Writes a file to the output stream with the given name mimetype filename and data.
This method is called when the configuration of the application changes. This method is called when the
Get the keymap for the given key.
Returns true if the given name is agmtish name. The name is assumed to be
Massage the URI to include the protocol and port number if it is not already there.
Deletes the value associated with the specified key. If the key does not exist it will be
Add the whole match to the string builder.
Start the timer. This method is called at the beginning of the timer. The timer will
Returns an array of objects for a single row of the data. The row is assumed to
Removes all of the characters in the given string from the beginning of the string.
Adds all the columns of the table to the SELECT or SHOW clause. This is done by
Copy the contents of the inputstream to the outputstream.
Set up the stream sdrawer.
testfptypeoverridesimple - this is a bit of a hack but it s not a
Copy a component to another component.
Zetastatic summation.
Calculate the total amount of pending advance for a given workorder estimate and billid.
Load a user s profile into the activity. This method is called from the activity management code
Scroll the view by the given amount.
Returns true if the given symbol needs quoting.
Parse the commit counter from the given file name and extension.
Load a document from a file.
Creates a new floating comment node.
Returns true if the given assignid is a hod department false otherwise.
Returns a new Munger instance with the given languages in single - language mode.
Matches a statspec to this statfile and returns an array of statvalues that match the
Assign a cluster number to this node and all of its children.
This method is called when a sub - path is closed. This method is called when the
Create a background task for the tvshowepisodescrapetask.
Saves the selected records in the given iminitable object. This method is called when the
Add a notification to one or more modelmbean notification types.
Cancels and cleans up the buildtask with the given id. If the task is
Creates a temporary directory and returns it. The directory will be deleted when the process exits.
Move the cursor to a new location.
Send a plugin action event to the telemetry client.
This method is called when a header column is pressed on the screen.
Creates a list of fixedrecord objects with the specified number of records.
Add attributes to the tracked entityinstancequeryparams if they do not already exist.
Recompose the list of attributesets for this element.
Splits the given string into a list of strings using the given regular expression.
Delete all files in directorytodelete and all subdirectories in directorytodelete.
Returns the last node in the list or null if there are no such nodes.
Append data to the next unit of data.
Returns the size of the directory. If the directory is a directory the size of the directory
Pan the image by the specified amount.
Checks that the serialized object is the same as the serialized object and that the serialized object is
Returns the documentation reference guide URL.
Returns the mean of the numbers in the list.
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Open a connection to the given URL and set the scanner to the current locale.
Process the enablefullscreenrunnablefortest message. This is called after the fullscreen
Converts HTML entity to UTF - 8 string. If the string is not a UTF - 8
Writes a vector of bytes to the buffer at the current position.
Unlock the specified processinfo object. If the processinfo object is not a reporting process the
Builds a hashmap that maps a device to an array of storagesystems.
Encrypts the given plaintext bytes using AES - 256 and returns the resulting encrypted bytes.
Find a field by its thrift id.
Deinstalls this key listener from the given editor pane.
Returns true if the underlying cipher is secure. This method is used to determine if the cipher
Add a record to the list of samples. If the number of samples is less than the
Create a tenantcreateparam object from a keystonetenant and a list of us
Forces an internal error to be thrown. This method is called when an internal error occurs
Draws the node highlighting the node with the given width and height.
Creates a new instance of an image encoder of the specified format.
applypinchzoomimage is called when the image view is zoomed in.
Parse a file option. If the option is not present or empty return the default value.
Returns true if the account has been balanced. Otherwise logs a warning and returns false.
Ensure that the bit vector has at least the given capacity. If the capacity is greater than
Get the detailbase for a method.
Closes the output stream and releases any resources associated with it. This method is called when the
This method is used to acquire the lock on the screen. This method is intended to be
Method createstatement. This method is called when a method is invoked on a
Remove a document from Solr by its id.
Open the dialog to select a database file and set the user and password for the dialog.
Load the client details entity for the given OIDC authorization request.
Adds a field property to the legacy descriptor.
Sets up the array of segments to match the pattern and the length of the input string.
Returns a hashmap of the baggage_environment_variable as the key and the
Draws a series on the specified canvas. The series will be drawn using the specified color.
Send a modlog message to the user who is listening for modlog messages.
Returns true if the given classname is a valid class name or false if it is invalid.
Update the current time with a new minute. If the current time is different from the current
Check if datacollection scan jobs need to be scheduled.
Remove the given set of breakpoints from the given storage.
Replace the creation template with the specified template name with the specified attrset. The attrset
Reads an object from the given inputstream.
Adds an item to the end of the list. If the list is full the contents of
Converts a byte array into a hex string.
Create a new cluster with the given ssn and notes.
testconstructorsignbytespositive4 This test checks that _num is a positive biginteger
Test for a minimal completion stage. This is done by checking that the future is complete and
Writes the directory postresource attribute to the given element.
Returns a copy of the specified array with the specified number of elements removed. If the specified
Returns the POTionType for the given name. If no POTionType is
Remove a curlmesh from the list of curlmeshes.
Returns the samplenbest list for the given sourceid translation and referencelist.
Post a runnable to the thread pool. If the runnable is null then nothing is done.
Returns true if the map is closed.
Insert the thinktime into the script.
Adds an instruction to the instruction list. The instruction is added to the next instruction in the
Ensure that the buffer is at least the given number of bytes. If the buffer is at
Remove the given name from the list of names.
Read a document collection from an inputstream. The inputstream is expected to contain a JSON
Add a hitbyswarm to the hitbyswarmsentity and hitbys
Returns true if the checkpoint exists for the given key.
Adds a raster to the OMS projection. The raster will be stored in an imageicon
Copy data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Writes the header of the document to the output stream. The header is written to the output
Parse a string from the input stream until the given closing character is reached.
Code unwrap the return value of a method.
Format the link with the given parts. If the number of parts is less than the number
Sets the cause of this exception to the exception message and sets the cause to the exception.
Checks if the given string is one of the given strings. If the string is one of
Read the patterns from the file and compile them into a list of regular expressions.
Returns an array of all directories in the given directory.
Convert this textedit object to a stringbuffer with the children of this textedit object.
Encodes the given value into a VLQ string. The value must be between 0 and
Removes the given celloverlay from the given cell. If the given overlay is null then
Remove the foreign key at the given index from the list of foreign keys.
Inserts the specified number of bytes into the stringbuffer at the specified offset.
Liefert die gefaehrdungsumsetzungen.
Normalizes the given classpath. The classpath is assumed to be in the form of a string.
Add an ASN. 1 sequence to the end of the ASN. 1 sequence.
Pushes a new value onto the end of the list. If the list is full the
If the node is a string convert it into a string conversion node. If the node is
test update 7.
Asynchronously completes with a response to a historyread request. The response is guaranteed to be
Validates that the URI is valid and that the scheme and localvmid are not - 1
Mark the writer as finished writing.
Convert an offset into a physical address.
This method is called when an entity declaration is encountered in an XML document. It is called
Checks if the user is authorized to perform the given operation on the given logname and credential
Returns the next element in the list. If there are no more elements an exception is thrown
Add messages to the message queue.
Set the onrational function to be called when the request is made on a rational
Creates a new generic principal object with the given username password writeentries readentries and executet
Compares two X509CRLEntry objects and returns a boolean indicating whether they are the same.
Roll up a random number in the range [ 0 _num ).
Converts a byte array of septets to a byte array of octet values.
Initialize the ctaggingpanel. This is the main entry point for the ctagging
Returns the height of the marker at the specified index in the marker array.
Starts a thread that will consume records from a given group and clientid. The thread will
Computes the Euclidean distance between two instances.
Finds the names of the resources that are in the sameas as the given resources.
Reindex all triggers and indexfiles in the specified database.
Generate a DOT representation of the inference graph.
Resizetables the internal data structures so that it can be re - used later.
Returns true if there are any next inetsocketaddress in the list.
Convert percentileleveliterated to log10.
Extracts the queue name from the given database name.
Return the usethis of a symbol. If the symbol is not found return the id
Calculate the angle between the current and the current touch state.
Read a 16 - bit unsigned integer from the byte array at the given offset.
Removes the quotesencolosing option from _str if it exists. If it does
Generates a label for the given dataset and series. The label is formatted according to the format
Matches the given string against the given pattern against the given string with the given uritemplate
Adjusts the preferred size based on the new preferred size and the old preferred size.
Find the declared field with the given name and descriptor.
Sets the quarter for the given date and time. The quarter is set to the default locale
This method is used to initialize a new instance of the util class. This method is used
default b with string representation of a float value.
Read a boolean value from a JSON array.
Automatically visit the method instructions of the given field type. This is done by visiting the
Open a PDF file from a byte array.
Entry point for the command line tool. This is the entry point for the command line tool
Wait for an element to be available in the arena. If the element is available in
Construct a list of signatures for the given set of partitions. The signatures will be sorted by
This test fails if _num is not set to a positive bit in the biginteger.
Finds the end of the newline character in the given string and returns the index of that character
Calculates the two points in the transformation matrix according to the given character spacing.
Returns a java. util. date from the given Julian date.
removes an object from the end of the list. Returns true if the object was removed
Serialize a compact RDF structprop to the stream.
Perform a utility query on the given network with the given queryvar and evidence. The query
Converts a list of strings to a float array.
Moves to the next image in the source.
Parse the data from the input stream.
Find the best insertion in the partialroute. The partialroute is a list of activity objects
Write an integer to the current output stream. The output stream will be sorted according to the
Returns true if the poolnames property is non - null and has a non - empty value
This method is called when the user clicks on the register button. It creates an intent to
Register a subject as an extravalid subject. This method is called when a subject is
Trims a line of text from the beginning and end of the line. If the line
Returns the 2 - dimensional Euclidean distance between the points p1 and p2.
Append an instruction to an existing offlowmod. builder. If an instruction with the same
Returns an iterator over the elements in the order list.
Verify that the given set of domains is not in use.
Returns a new hashtable that contains all points that intersect the given circle intersections.
Initialize without junit for a fixture.
Finds the serialization type for the given annotation. If the type is not found the declared type
Convert a scene from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Creates and returns a new map with the given key - value pairs.
Writes a character array to the output stream.
Load a mary - to - freett synthesis voice.
Append a key - value pair to the hashmap. If the hashmap already contains the
Add an incremental classifier listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when a new incremental
Read four bytes from the stream and return them as a float.
Generate a collection of certificates from the given input stream.
Check if files exist on the same destination but not on the source path.
Converts the ORDER BY clause to the ORDER BY clause. The ORDER BY clause is the ORDER
Tick the block at the given position. The position of the block must be within the range
Update the purchased and refunded items in the history table for the given product.
Configure the message label.
Remove all limit lines.
Remove all elements from the given stream and return a filtered set.
Calculate the metering region for a normalized coordinate.
Flushes the output stream to the underlying output stream. The output stream will be flushed to
Sets the components of this vector to the given double array. The components must be the same
Visit an inner class and set the access level to attr_access. If aname is
Returns the pixel at the given longitude in this pixel scale relative to the current zoom level.
Returns true if the values appeargeographic in the world file. The values are assumed to
Store an integer in the specified register number.
Remove a remote session from the sessionset.
Returns the string representation of this array.
Returns an iterator over the child pages of this page. If dirtynodesonly is
Enables or disables the task. If the task is already running the task will be started.
Performs a 64 - bit hash operation on the given key. The hash operation is done using
Returns true if this string starts with the given string.
This method is called by the writerawbytes internal method. It is called by the writer
Returns true if the given class is an implementation of the SootClass interface.
Process the LDIF file at the given path and write the data to the given connection
Prints the progress of a chunk of data to the output stream. The progress is printed in
Post - remotereleaselock. This method is called after the lock has been
Returns a list of position records for the specified session latitude longitude and timestamp. If no session
Creates a new checkbox with a toggle state.
Adds a batch of requests to the batch download queue and returns the id of the batch.
Dequeues an output buffer from the given codec and adds it to the encoded buffer list.
Creates a default jobdefinition that retries a fixed - delay job if the job fails to run
Find a field by its thrift id.
Puts a long value into memory at the given address. If the address is aligned the value
This method creates a binary split. The inputfolder is the input folder where the binary split
Signs the given XML document with the given certificate alias.
Display the popup. This method is called when the user clicks on a popup in the editor
abstractsdfwriter creates a new SDFWriter with the given prereadtype and
Guess the best firing plan under a certain number of heat.
Map a volumegroup object to a volumegrouprestrep object.
Post - process the files specified in the command - line arguments. This method is called recursively
Removes all searchables from the list of searchables. This method is not thread - safe
Add an action listener to the list of listeners that will be notified when an action is received
Adds a new material ingredient to this shapelessrecipe.
Returns a string representation of the ORDER BY clause. If the ORDER BY clause is longer than
Returns the clone of the given key in the given clonelist or null if no clone
Convert the given string to a byte array using the given encoding.
Returns true if the given string looks like a background repeat.
Run the command before this method is called. This method is called before the method is called
Adds a meta character and a replacement string. The meta character is added to the metach
Perform a lookup of the given template. The template must have at least _num items.
Finds the history for a given job.
Returns a string representation of the given character. If the given character is not a printable ASCII
Update the list of pending nodes with a new landmark index. The new landmark index
Returns a string representation of the corpus. If the corpus has no correlations then the string
Draws the overflow indicator.
Writes a line with the given time and column to the underlying writer.
Returns true if the inputstream starts with a PEM - encoded string.
Sets the resource to be used for the closelistener. This method is called when
Sets the routing of the request.
Receives a packet from the datagram channel and returns it as a byte array.
Delete the attribute at the given position.
Adds the labels for the given locale to the index. The locale is assumed to be a
Enginewrap is a helper method that throws an exception if the block size is not
Sets the server instance for this plugin loader. This method is deprecated and will be removed in
Add a separator at the end of the log message.
Checks if the SDCard device is mounted or not.
Loads the raw modules from the database into a list of crawmodule objects.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the given imageoutputstream.
Randomly rounds a value to the nearest integer in the range [ 0 _num ).
Converts all propertiestotypes in the given properties map into a map of typename.
Parses the register information from the given node.
Creates a new named thread. The nameprefix is used as the prefix for the thread names
Test the CPU number of a uint16 metric.
Add a SIPServerTransaction to the list of SIPServerTransactions that will be
Sleeps for the specified number of milliseconds and logs any interruptedexceptions that occur
split and join semicolons nested in pipe properties.
Checks that _str _num and _str are in a hashmap and that _num
Returns true if the connection is currently busy or false if the connection is not currently busy.
Parse the base64 encoded bytes into a bytearray outputstream. The stream is closed after this
Reset the bandwidth of the current connection. This method is called when the connection is closed.
testmergesecurityroleintoemptydocument.
Decodes a full revision.
Remove all child characterdata nodes from the given node.
Unlinks a node from the linked list.
Calculate the mixing friction between two friction vectors.
Serializes the given object to a JSON string. If the content type does not start with the
compiles a wsequence zr into a memory register.
Check if the vplex volume has an associated volume and if so update the size of the
Update the gui fields of the rosterentry. This is called when the rosterentry
Returns the oizp of the given number or null if the given number is null.
Returns a new instance of the given terminalsize if the current instance is equal to the
Returns true if gzip compression is allowed for the given request.
Sets up the replay processor.
Called when the user wants to show a list of conversations.
Read an ASN. 1 value from the input stream.
Enqueue a job to be run on this thread. This method will block until the job is
Test that _num is set to a positive bit. This test fails if _num is
This method is called when an XML start element is encountered. This method is called by the
Draws the specified string at the specified coordinates.
Reads characters from the stream into the specified array starting at the specified offset and ending at the
Update the number of times this method was called. The number of times this method is called
Match all virtual pools in the given rpsystem with all the virtual pools in the given
Calculates the trading fee for a given player. The fee is calculated based on the tra
Adds the current search history to the editor.
Returns a list of sourcefiles that do not contain any files in the given list.
Joins the elements of this double array with the given separator. If the separator is null the
Writes an integer to the output stream in ascending order. The output is written in ascending order
Specify the fields to order the results by.
Sets the original string and the stemmed string. The original string is set to the original
This method is called when a new logrequest is received from the network. This method is
Packs the ciphersuites into a string that can be sent to the server.
Adds a description and extension to the filter. The extension will be converted to lower case.
Ensure that the tuple array is at least as large as the number of rows in the table
Checks if the given string is an argument.
Remove all children of a given node of a given type. If deep is set to true
Sets the value of this object to newvalue.
Returns true if the current savepoint is a valid savepoint. If the current savepoint
Set the columns for the given resultset with the given table editor. The editor will be updated
Write a collection of strings to a file.
Removes all objects from the cache. This method is thread - safe and should not be called
Resets the UID validity to the current time and returns the new timestamp.
Writes a OGUI page header to the given buffer at the given offset.
Handlestaticsiterequest is called when a pointrequest is received from the
removeroom removes a room from the list of rooms. If the room does not exist
Discharge the current item in the itemstack by the given amount. If the current item
Returns an array containing all of the elements in this list.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this set.
Returns true if the device supports the specified feature.
Returns the set of backup partitions for the given nodeid.
Loads an image from the given URL.
Builds the pivot transform matrix and stores it in the ptr array.
Converts a byte array to a hex string.
Create a new bidirectional line from this string. The line will be placed at the given
Returns true if the caller is valid for the specified package.
Paints the background of the internal frametitle pane.
Add a listener that will be notified when a new graph is added to the graph.
Restart and install if necessary.
Aligns the labels in the real array to the labels in the pred array.
Checks if a product is a category of a given category id. If the product is not
Creates a table with all statistical data. The datasetgenerator parameter is used to generate
Append a file to the end of the current file list.
Provides a list of strings that should be excluded from the whitelist. This list is used to
Returns true if the given name is a scoped name.
This method is called when the input is received from the iobuffer. It sets the
Load configuration properties from a file. If the file does not exist or is not readable null
Print the string representation of a boolean field.
Writes a list of views to a stringwriter.
Clear the list of listeners that were removed from the list of listeners. This method is called
Loads an audiomap. xml file into an audiomaptype object.
Adds a generic attribute to this element.
addfahrtinfotofahrzeitevents adds fahrtevents
Create a new instance of the provider class. This method is called when the provider class is
Checks that the given UUID is valid and that the given code is a valid hash code.
Prepare the output stream for writing to the given channel. This method should be called before any
This method is called when the server is up or down. It checks if the server is
Writes the trace angle restriction to the given stream.
Create a literalextensioniv from a literal value.
Adds a header to the request.
Adds a leafatom to the end of the list of leafchildren.
Cumulative density function for normal distribution.
Remove a result from the result set.
Called when the user adds a new entry to the filter model. This method is called when
testcase 2. 2. 3 modulo 2. 2 - > 2. 2. 3
DExport private key openssl dialog.
Returns the sum of the sum of all the numbers in the string sqlexpression.
Calculate the x - coordinate of the shadow.
This method is called when the application is finished. It is called when the application is finished
Run the test for writing a bundle to an XML file using the given xmlwriter.
Adds the specified number of days to the current date. The format parameter can be used to
Create a temporary file with the given mimetype and cachedir.
Returns an enumeration of all the options in the option vector.
Remove the entry at the given xindex and datasetindex.
Run a read test on the given input stream with the given compression mode. The input stream
Closes the given resource source. If the resource source cannot be closed a warning will be logged
Removes the specified object from this queue if it is equal to the specified object.
Create a writableraster that can be used to write to a raster of the specified dimensions
Returns the scheduler s command line arguments. The scheduler s command line arguments include the cluster role
Adds a SolrInputDocument to the list of documents to add to the documentanalysis request.
Perform a dophase operation on the current key provider. If the current key provider is
This method is used to set the permissions on the system. This method is intended to be
Adds a BezierCurvey to the BezierCurve. The BezierCurvey is
Read buckets from preferences.
Returns the next character in the input stream or - 1 if there are no more characters.
Accept an application offer. If the offer is already accepted the offer is removed from the list
Verify the signature of a public key using the specified signature provider.
Inject dependencies into the activity scope graph.
This method is called when a thread is waiting for a write request. It will block until
Reads a date from the input stream and returns it as a long.
Removes a selection listener from the list of listeners that are notified of changes to the selection.
Writes an integer to the output stream in hexadecimal format.
Read a string from an input stream.
Convert a list of typeparameters into a list of maps.
Freespaceunix is the same as freespace but works on unix systems.
Reads and closes the given inputstream.
If goal is within one of n s valid moves return true. Otherwise return false.
Initialize a new Penn TreebankReader with the given treebankhome and parseviewname
Unwrap an SSLV2 message. This method will throw an exception if the message
Close the output stream. This method is called when the output stream is being written to.
Applies the rowchangedata to the database.
Normalizes the input namedlist by removing the string from the input and then removing all the elements
Returns true if the value of the field is a finite number false otherwise.
Returns the name of the in - progress log segment for the given ledgerid and logsegment
Adds a new value to the histogram.
Wait for the receiver s receiveredundancy in the buffer.
Output a doctype declaration.
Returns true if the given vector is a valid vector. If the vector is null returns false
Resolve the given base url with the given target. If the target starts with _str then
Returns the maximum depth of this node and all its children.
Returns an array of url objects for the given path.
Add a final stack to the pipeline.
Fire a connection closed event to all registered listeners.
Put an int volatile into an object starting at offset off. Does not modify the contents of
The numberstrategy is used to determine the number of values for the given field.
Create a new uri from a set of serverinet addresses.
Plot the navigator of the specified axes.
Add a new column to the table with the given class and header.
Sets the dimension of the point comparator. The dimension of the comparator is the number of dimensions
Adds a new element to the document.
Flush the output buffer to the underlying output stream.
Adds the given character as the first character in the list of characters to the end of the
Adds an instance of class to the list of interfaces that this class implements.
Read bytes from the input stream into the specified byte array starting at the specified offset and length
Checks if the window is visible edexpecting components. If the window is not visible
Process the start of a run - started tag. This method is called when a tag is
Inserts the specified character at the specified offset in the string.
Adds a protoelement as a root of the tree.
Expands an element at the given path and selects it at the given level. If the
Append a floating point cell to the table.
Initialize the svnchangeset collector with the given configuration. This method is called by the
Ensure that the size of the canvas is at least maxwidth and at most maxheight.
Returns true if src is normalised according to the given form and option. If src is
Returns the string representation of the attribute.
Returns a copy of the string s with the escapesom removed. If there are no escapes
Save a column to the database asynchronously. The callback will be called when the entity is saved
Reads a copystate from the specified input stream.
This method is called before a name operation. It is called by the JSON parser when the
Redeem the token with the given number and service. If the token is not found an
Lighten the given color by the given factor.
Converts an operand size to a database string.
Returns the file name of the given class with the given suffix.
Writes a process variable to the output stream.
Assert that the qualns string is a valid list of qualns. Throws an exception if
Formats the given float array as a string using the given number format and returns the string builder
Packs a string into an array of integers.
Removes the viewpoints at the given indices from the viewpointlist and returns the index of
Clear all registered monpagechangelisteners.
Update the color of the inputfield based on the breakpointconditionparser.
Remove a view from the list of ignored views.
Writes the cache header to the specified outputstream.
Returns true if the current time of the given resource is greater than the current time of the
Returns the maximum number of elements in the array that are equal to or less than the given
Removes all values from the map. This method is not thread - safe and should not be
Toggles the selected state of a section.
Combines multiple files into a single file and return the combined file name.
Stop the scrolling instance. This method should be called when the instance is no longer needed.
Computes the sum and the correction of a kahan object and sets it to the sum
Creates a new fixed - length response with a message of type HTML.
Returns the next event in the stream or throws an exception if there are no more events.
Replace the endpoint in the given url with the given endpoint. The default endpoint will be used
Make the ok path. This is done by moving the line to the center of the circle
Adds a new member value to the members hashmap. The name of the member will be
Add whitespace to a list of strings.
Returns the qualified widget type name for the given widget node. If the widget node is not
Process a single file type atom and return true if the atom is a file type atom.
Parse the given string into a hashmap. If the string is null returns an empty map
Sends a DELETE request with the given url and expected status code.
Compute the runningsum for the given value in the given runningset.
Creates a copy of this categoricaltable. The resulting table will have the same values as this
Creates a sub - configuration of this configuration with the given prefix and key prefix appended.
Get a hashmap of the resourcename to the displayname for the given service names.
Creates a new column of the given size with the given default value. The default value is
Returns a string representation of this object.
Execute potential work on an image view.
Queues a bitmap for later retrieval. The bitmap will be added to the queue if it is
Adds a new afterserverstartlistener to the list of listeners that will be notified when the
Returns the number of bytes that can be read from the input stream or - 1 if there
This method is called when a relation notification is received from a source object. It sets the
Add a row to the datatostore. If the blocklet size is reached the
Returns true if the given host is the same as the given domain.
Computes the entropy of this class given a set of data points and a set of data points
Saveworking instancestofileq Method.
Calculate the color of the bar based on the given coordinate.
Reads characters from the current position into the specified buffer starting at the specified offset and ending at
Adjusts the indentation of the current block according to the alignment of the current block.
Append the code for this field to the given string builder.
Sets the dialoguesystem to use for the forward planner.
Adds a button to the given container. The button will be placed at the left of the
Namatchfortaginattributes check if an attribute is defined for a given tag.
Returns the string representation of the given BusinessObjectDatakey object.
Create a new Talk usage object from a JSON file.
Returns the enclosing grcall of a boolean method or null if there is no such enclosing
generate isoimage from ovfenvpropkvstr and isofilepath
Create an actionable event.
Read a rational number from the given byte provider. The rational number is read from
Removes all notifications of the given type from the list of notification ids.
Unify the head and body of the given parent atom. The head and body of the
Adds the given uuid to the given ssfnode.
Returns the offset of the given field in the object. The field must not be static.
Convert this object to an XML string and write it to the given stringbuilder at the given
Disposes of this button.
Concatenates the contents of this array into a new array with the first element of the array
Shuts down the server thread and all associated sessions. This method should be called when the
Returns true if the string is a valid location ID.
Binds the server socketbar to the given server socketbar object. The server socketbar object
Check if the current thread is interrupted while waiting for a node. If the current thread is
Resets the output builders to the default ones.
Writes the data to the specified file. The file will be opened with the specified filename.
removeresourcelistener removes a resourceeventslistener from the list of listeners.
Tests that the AndroidManifest. xml file contains the main activity.
Adds a message to the buffer if the given name is similar to the given candidate name.
Writes the header of the random access file to the specified file object.
Returns the javavendor for the build.
Sets the match and confidence of the voiceresult.
Creates a tree from this node and its children. The tree will be sorted in ascending order
Add the categories to the tree if they don t already exist. If they don t exist
Adds a drawer listener to this drawer view.
Edits the note with the given note id.
Adds a new entry at the specified positions. The entry is added at the specified positions.
Unhides the action bar for the given view. This method is called when the view
Format the given time as a string with the given separator. The time will be rounded to
Deconvolve p with rate rate and return the result as a new array.
Collapses all newlines in the given string into a single line of text.
Read an object from an object inputstream. The object is initialized with the name of the
Calculates the total value of a column in a 2D array.
Opens the analysis of the given file. If the file does not exist or is not readable
This method is called when the children of the given bean context are removed from the context.
Returns the rail number for the given item. The rail number is the number of
Remove the instances from the containers in componentstoscaledown from the allocation.
Draw a normal message. This method is called when a normal message is received.
Send a killconsist command to the NCE. The killconsist command is sent to the
Start listening for the next key in the list. This method will block until the next key
Parse the given bitmask into a set of flag objects.
Verify that the signature matches the signature bytes in sigbytes. If sigbytes is null throws
Adds a string to the list of strings that should be matched by this matcher.
Returns a string representing the amount of time elapsed since the given time in milliseconds.
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Stop tracking a job and notify all state controllers that the job is no longer tracking it.
Returns the coefficient of the variance of the distribution.
Returns a string representation of the coefficient and all of the variables in the coefficient.
Sets the default version for the skeleton version checker. This is called when the default version is
Upgrade an attribute to a new schema. The default values of the attribute are set to the
Turns a canonical name into a todalvik name.
Emits the ensurecollection field of the given method and appends it to the given builder.
Unregisters a client with the given proxymembershipid. If the acceptor is null then
Performs double quotes handling on the given resource string. This is done by replacing all double quotes
Allocates a new container with the given resource capacity and padding percentage.
Checks if the given URI is a local resource URI.
Wait for the given path to be mounted. If the wait time is greater than max_
Returns true if the resource is zonelevel resource false if it is not.
Validates the message and throws a replicatorexception exception if the message is invalid.
Close the databases and reset the internal structures. This is called when the database is closed.
Calculate the MD5 hash of a byte array.
Run the metastorecomparejob.
Delete a set of sub - peoplecontainers from the server.
test find recent message uids in the mailbox.
Queues an event to be run in a separate thread. The event will be run in a
Add an error message to the error message buffer. If the message is null the error message
Ensure that the buffer has at least the specified number of elements. If the buffer has not
Writes a new key - value pair to the cache.
Executes a solr query and returns the result as a string. The handler is the name of
Returns true if both linka and linkb have the same freespeed and capacity.
Generates an id that is safe to use as a unique identifier. This method is intended to
Remove the provider with the given number from the list of providers.
Parse an XML element and return the result as an object. If an exception occurs during parsing
Returns the formatted string representation of the given money object. If the money object is null returns
Delete the last instance of an entryclass from the list of entryclasses.
Reads the settings from the PACS file and returns it as a properties object.
Log a warning message.
Reads an asstring from an inputstream.
Creates an array of the given size with the given preset. The array will be filled with
Unregister a previously registered transaction service plugin.
Sorts the level array in ascending order. The level array is modified in - place.
Test that the model class is consistent. This test is done by checking that the model class
Find and initialize the mapbean with the given object. This method is called by the constructor
Remove all of the layers from the list of layers.
Returns the number of productions in the grammar.
Create a new node in the Zookeeper at the given path with the given data and ACL
Writes the stroke and texturemask to the given object outputstream.
Returns true if this is equal to the given object. If the object is an instance of
Defines a reflective attribute of the given object type and a field of the given type.
Processe an event to the event log.
Remove a membershiplistener from the list of listeners.
Add a messagetouri entry to the contentresolver.
Present the texture in the quad program and bind the texture to the array buffer and the vertex
Returns a copy of this calendar with the day_of_year adjusted to the next day
This method is called when an angularobject client binds to a note. This method is called
Removes all elements with the given indexes from the given list.
Initialize the cprojecttree widget.
Returns true if the type string starts with the object prefix.
Returns the number of pixels that should be interpolated based on the current zoom time and the number
Request the modssilent for each channel if it is not already in the list of channels
Returns true if the specified value is contained in this set.
Renames a file in the database. The file must already exist in the database.
Handle error violations in the given formatter. If the exit code is different than success the system
Remove a sensor from the selection.
Prints a way to the screen.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Returns the full path to the given object.
Returns true if there is a next proxy in the list.
Returns true if no object was clicked on.
Returns the hash code of the string.
Sets the measurement mappings to be built.
Extract a ZIP file to a directory.
Set the configuration file. If the file already exists it will be appended to the end.
The gotolinedialog interface. This is the base class for the gotolinedialog
Sends the request to the server and flushes the output stream.
Parse the next mbytes of data from an encoded image.
Test simpleear.
Returns the number of elements in the array that have been filled.
Returns true if the given object is equal to this prefix.
Notify the WiFi monitor that the thread is waiting for a change in the state
Checks if an array key value exists in the post - order visited post - order.
Removes a mxDiagramchangelistener from the list of registered listeners.
Factory method to create a new connectivitygrid with the given key and maximum range.
Stripleading dollar is the first character of the given string. If the given string
Clear the host context. This method should be called after the class has been fully loaded.
Sets the p - norm normalization parameter.
Create the chart viewer and start the stage.
Called when a data point is accepted. This method is called when a new data point is
Subtracts another namedrangeset from this one.
Creates a new tailer.
Returns true if the system is on Mac OS X.
Returns the number of values in the map.
This method is called when the user clicks on the DVIEW - ASN1 - DUMP
Right trim the right side of a string.
Add a message to the queue.
Dispose of this menu item. If the menu item is not a menu item this method
Returns the signed distance between this point and the given point. This is the distance between the
Expands the real part of the numberstring and adds it to the wordrelation.
Creates an array of zeros with the given number of elements.
Submits a permission request to the activity.
testsettinganulldeployableproperty - creates a new deployable element with the specified properties
This method is called when the user clicks on the navigation bar. It is called when the
Creates a new instance of the deletesubcommandhandler for the given managed object path and relation
Remove all cycles from the graph. This is done by removing all cycles from the graph.
Returns a string representation of this object in the form of a 3D matrix.
Find the first ancestor that matches the frommatchpattern and the countmatchpattern.
Kills the process.
Encodes the contents of the input charbuffer into a bytebuffer. The output buffer will be
Creates a new metrics instance with the given dimension map.
Resolve a class from the given objectstreamclass. This method is called from the super class
Returns true if the creaturerespawnpoint is contained within this creaturer
Adds a byte array to the end of the buffer.
Is use antialias enabled?
Load a level file into the database. This method is called from the constructor of this class
Validate the contents of a file. If checkcontents is true the contents of the file must
Writes the nbt tag to the dataoutputstream.
Apply a mask to the current cursor position and return the result as a string.
Compute the duration of the timer.
handlenitfheader returns the number of bytes read from the binaryfile.
Take a screenshot of the current page and return it as a bufferedimage.