Returns the depth of the current node in the tree.
Compute the union size of two Bitsets.
Set the attribute specs.
Returns a string representation of the Kernel.
Returns the minimal sector that contains both this sector and that sector.
Method to compare two doubles
Check that a decimal value works as a negative number.
Recursive method to descend the directory tree.
Get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field.
invalid argument exception
Receives notification of a change to the plots.
set lib scheduler location when schedule complete
Return true if type is string
Validate sql statement.
Convenience method for creating a new array.
Returns true iff trace logging is enabled.
If the player is using a missile then remove that missile from the player.
Creates a new tcp matcher configured with the specified configuration.
Recursive helper method to determine the maximum level for a given subtree.
request the user to confirm the pass code
Rolls back the worker thread creation. - removes worker from workers if present - decrements worker
InsertFunctionalityTest # testInsert4 ( ). Tests INSERT... ON DUPLIC
put a new entry to the local id map
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Print a message at WTF level.
Delete leaves with a given name.
To string.
Validate each character in the specified component. The component may be empty.
Remove a shutdown hook from the system.
Returns true if the current scroll position is within the bounds of the view.
Wait for the volumes to be visible.
Override this method to start additional services for this cache implementation
update view from indicator file
Paints the image on the canvas.
Check if a connection to an event is allowed.
Returns true if the name is prefixed.
Release any database connection
Add new actions to the quick action view.
Adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer.
Copies the input stream to the output stream using a specified copy listener.
Calculate the angle for a given value
Return a buffer to the pool or null if the pool is full.
Create a new set of options with the given values.
Concatenates this char and another char.
This method handles all the GET requests that are routed to the servlet by the web container.
Notify of a change in the state of this system.
Checking equality of non - negative numbers.
Format and log a throwable using the given colors.
Constructs the redis key of a queue with the given parameters.
Decodes a string from the specified charset. The string is decoded into a new string that is
Add a restricted domain.
Acquire a read lock on the scope within the given lock.
is not an auto increment.
Copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
Checks if the list is empty.
_t ;
Check whether the name is a valid XML Name
Adds a message to the repeated field.
Prepare the data set.
Builds the array of service registrars.
Check value.
rebuild the journal file
Remove the entry from the data store.
Add the nodeset to a given document order.
Check if data needs to be refetched.
Create a document type from a fully qualified name.
Serializes the field to a byte array
Return a enum value for a style name.
Returns the number of frames to be processed for the specified stream.
Convenience method to create a map of export masks in the database based on a list of uri
Inserts an element into the array at the specified index.
This method is called when no scale or pixel ratio should be applied.
Add a document to the cache. If the document is already in the cache it will be returned
Update progress in the host and notify other hosts if necessary.
copy a input stream to a output stream
Fade audio file to the specified length.
Draw the glow effect to the canvas
Load properties from a set of classes
Add two numbers of different length and sign. The first is positive. The second is longer.
fix gps xmp format
Returns true if the given cell consumes the given event type.
Read a single byte.
This method is used to create the y axis labels for the y axis.
Get the maximum query time in milliseconds.
Print the current page to the given file.
Extends the existing groundings with the alternative groundings
Read the next token from the stream.
For a given number of table types in the database it should return the order of the types in
Returns the cached file channel for the given file path or creates a new one if it does not
Remove a swipe listener.
Returns the descriptor for the given field signature.
Adds an array of parameters to the request.
Convert annotation class to annotation class.
Determines whether the given resource is supported by the current resource manager.
create electronic text method with context
Guard pattern creation.
Calculate the intersection of two lines.
returns a new set containing all the elements of orig set that are also contained in remove o.
Calculates the unix timestamp.
Returns true if the current result is a PDF file.
Draw grid background
Opens a new ZIP stream for reading from the specified file.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
finish up when some tmp files are copied
The common work queue for all submitters
is field package private?
Test of divide method, of class BigDecimal.
Returns the given string converted to lower case.
Load the H2O file from the given stream.
Calculates the radius of the selector.
Determines the width of the view
Test get and put using a byte array buffer.
This method is called when a new user is added to the system.
Parse a local number.
Transforms multiple paths to corresponding pixels. The paths are assumed to be in the same order.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
Assert state.
Item will slide from Top of the screen to its natural position.
Appends the contents of the given big integer to this mutable big integer.
Handles sso binding errors.
Constructs the checkpoint manager from the given input stream.
Creates a new index segment.
Check liveness of connection.
Insert param value into map.
Returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the target container.
Select the item at the given position
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Ignorable whitespace.
Wait for the given editor to be active.
Iterates over the population and finds the solution with the largest objective value.
latm to y
register callback handler
Parse a namespace from an input stream.
function to calculate the current score for the current sample.
Build a vocabulary from a set of files.
Check if there is a link in the string.
Checks all values in the given array are not NaN or inf
Processes a connection event.
Returns the percentage of values in the specified range that fall within the current range.
Close the closeable object ignoring any exceptions.
This method should only be called when the lucee page context becomes available.
Add a new event listener to the listener list.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least the
Convert a string to a byte array adding the byte number to the end of the string
Load properties from a classpath resource. The resource is expected to be a file or a directory.
Indicates whether some other object is `` equal to '' this one.
Parse name value pair.
Updates the header and footer according to the current mode.
Returns the mapping object at the given location in the given map
Parses the given json object and returns the result as a string.
Find the differences between two texts. Simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or
Create a new repository for the given service name.
Count the number of tokens in the string.
Indexes a single document.
reset all common components to their original state
Handle the given exception with the given title and message
This method is called when a new object is read from the input stream
Paint the arrow in enabled state.
Throw a throwable at a log level.
To big integer.
Callback method to be called when the accuracy of a accelerometer changes.
Gets whether this syntax allows trailing arguments.
set max crl with math
Evaluates the popup trigger event.
Removes the given task from the queue and returns true if the task was removed.
Test half up rounding.
Ensure that the given path exists.
Loads a class from the local class loader.
measure the short measure base on the measure spec
Check if a view is clipped to a given point.
Create a new rule instance from the given workspace.
Writes a byte array to a file.
Adds an item to the queue.
Process any custom events that have been received but not yet processed.
Determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
Parse and add the current node to the tree.
Calculates the multiplier for the scramble image based on the current type.
Test for numeric scalars with default type handling.
close all callbacks except listener
static version of indexOf to allow repeated calls without needing to re-acquire array each time
Populate the combo box with the profiles from the list.
Check the header of a file.
Absolute value.
Returns OID for alg name
Provide reflective behavior for constructing generator from string arguments.
refill the input buffer.
Override processMouseEvent to finish editing when any mouse button is pressed and mouse released.
Add a module to a collection of modules
Does the database have all of the tables?
classify a list of features.
header view binding
Updates the list of selected lines.
Draw a rectangle of given half width and half height.
Refresh loading views
Replace a split element with another one
Helper method. Adds the start item list to the result.
Calculate the number of initial splits given the number of records to split.
Invoked when a mouse button has been clicked.
Scans the given directory for sources and returns a list of files that match the includes and excludes
True if there is at least one postponed route available
True if this group has a single element.
Sets the path from a URI.
reads a XML Element Attribute ans cast it to a int value
Read fully into a string with the default charset.
Adds the getters for the given property name for all events of the type.
Marks an entry as used.
Returns the number of successful actions.
handle left state
Registers a new signature algorithm implementation class for the given URI.
Load settings from a file.
Return true if the input string contains any word breaking characters.
check whether the interior of each string is consistent with itself
Removes the first occurrence, starting at the beginning and moving towards the end, of the specified object
Compose two unary operators into one.
Adds column specifications for a table to the list of column specs.
Convert a field name from a standard format to Java field name.
Generates a new secret key.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving a finite number of arguments.
execute some sqls in the db
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
Refresh the done button.
Create task editor page.
Expanding the buffer to accomodate the specified number of bytes.
Converts an IP address from its string representation to an integer.
Close a cursor and remove it from the map
Advance to the next occurrence of the specified pattern.
Push an integer onto the stack
Create an XML node with optional attributes and content. The data is indented with 4 spaces if
Adds the item to the list at the given position
Notifies all registered listeners of a failure.
Transform a stream using a transformation matrix.
Split string with escaped delimiters.
Blocking call to read a number of characters
Remove an obligation from every state
Set bounds for the right textView including clip padding.
Create a content object from an OLE blob
Checks that the attributes covered by the subspace are all of the same length
Find all values in the string.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array or - 1 if the
Appends the value to the list with the given name. If the name already exists then the
Compares the specified object with this certificate for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Appending the BETWEEN operator clause.
Encode a string.
Return a histogram of values in the given serie.
Recursively assign node weights.
Creates a new instance of searcher.
Add a field to run the query against
Combines two stages by applying a function.
Returns null to indicate that no CREATE TABLE statement can be built.
And for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Create a new stream info manager instance.
word as sentence
Determine if the Expression is a pronoun.
Appends a short type to the given string builder.
Tokenizes the given string using the given separator into a vector of strings.
Write all the favorites to a backup file.
Updates the moving average with the current time.
Validate the payment product to ensure all fields are valid.
}
Set the result and the master keys and the header.
Invoked when the slider changes state
Parse a delimited list of strings.
Initialize the layout of the graph.
Indicates whether the animation is currently running.
Creates a mosaic definition.
generate a new result set by using an existing alias
fake SSL context with all https certificates
Returns true if the component is an instance of an action source or an editable value holder.
Add listeners to the internal distribution.
square root of a number.
Executes collection of callables in parallel. Each callable can be executed using different threads.
Internal method to append a character to a character buffer.
Initializes the owner state for the given field.
Construct a SELECT statement suitable for use in a group of SELECT statements that will be joined through UN
Creates a new node with the specified location.
Increases the count by 1.
Reverts the changes in the given list of files
Concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array.
Iterator that returns tagged values from the given line.
DFS to the root of the tree
Returns true if the stream can read.
Writes the contents of the buffer to the given array starting at the given offset.
Called when an item is dismissed.
Calculate a normal probability density function.
Sorts a copy of the given array of objects using the given comparator.
Add a zoom listener
< p > clearRegisters < /p >
Method that is invoked when an annotation is selected.
return true if the server evidence matches the given message false otherwise.
This method is called when a text element is encountered.
Remove a service from the registry.
Returns the reference to an attribute or null if there is none.
Escape the given writer.
Returns true if this cookie has expired.
Pass a new record to the album. The record will be compressed and added to the album.
Checks if the method being invoked is the correct method for the proxy invocation.
Remainder of division of two big integers
Removes all of the values from the property builder.
\brief distance \brief.
Check backup info.
Converts a string to lower case.
Create a big integer from a sign and an array of bytes.
Build OPUS comment block
Asserts that the given event bean pair has the given properties inserting and removing values.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Converts a string to upper case.
Iterator over all knowledge edges that are required to execute this query.
Release a previously acquired lock.
Formats the given text as a java doc box.
Force number string to two digits.
Add a drop item to the model.
Find entities by their primary keys.
Load the workflow from the database and populate the session
Returns the hash code value for this X509Certificate.
Removes the given tag from the list of tags.
Verifies the given data with the given signature and public key.
Delete a directory and all its contents
Asserts that two iterators are the same in any order.
Format the finished percentage of the rollout group
Generates a hostname with the given information.
Transfer all the messages from the given file.
Unwrap a string expression.
Determines if all pie segments are present in the dataset.
Returns the next event time.
This method creates lines and adds them to f lines.
Calculate the square root of a number.
Calculates the number of transitions between two points.
Convert a number to a string with bits.
Encodes an array of bytes into an array of URL safe 7 bits.
the number of tokens to be read for each token.
Waits for all threads to reach this barrier.
Loads the translations from the cache if it is empty.
Set the mode to mouse mode.
Adds a new event to the simulation.
Stops the timer with the specified name.
Returns a string summarizing the matrix.
Create a temporary directory that is a child of the specified directory.
Draws a horizontal span into the graph and optionally adds a legend
change the scope to extend to whole connections
Create an instance using the given initial capacity and collator.
Find all possible parents of x in the list of nodes.
Uses the properties file to load the configuration from the properties file.
Open a new connection and create a new connection.
Add a list of projects to a task.
Calculate the set of enabled ports for the specified switch port.
Sleep the given number of milliseconds.
Verify that the write set is not found in the btree.
Calculates the entropy of the given masses.
Check to see if a string is a valid Nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the
Parse a double value from a string.
Appends a string to the end of the queue.
Register a rtcp event listener
Creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array.
The error handler will be invoked when an XML error occurs.
Connect the socket to a remote file descriptor.
Check if the node is whitespace.
Creates a new control with the specified debugger.
Open the file and parse the header.
Deregisters a spring.
The file name of the logger.
Parses the supplied string as a blank node of type b.
Reset the PS generator.
Sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
close popup and remove from parent
Removes an object from the map.
Stretch view vertically
Convert a hex string to an IPv6 address.
Track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
Reads a double
Checks if the given bar is at maximum value.
Check whether the next characters on the queue start with the given sequence.
parse and add map tile set properties from url
Computes the result for one input double value.
Enable tethering on bluetooth device.
Calculate the distance between two 3D points
Create a new url that points to a resource.
Create a workflow method for a list of volumes
Change file command result.
Initialize widgets.
Configure the ssl connection to trust all hosts and return the old one.
Sample the maximum value of the data.
Returns the user code form of the requested access token.
Test mission name construction.
Override equals method to help comparing zone offset transitions.
Release the client and start the timer
Close this output stream and free any resources associated with it.
Resolves all the files to their real paths.
Test of get method, of class exemption mechanism.
Reloads the configuration from the file.
Stops the given message processor and removes it from the pipeline.
Extract serial information from an X509 certificate.
add new element to the set
Writes an array of bytes to the buffer expanding if necessary.
Returns a string containing the objects in the array delimited by the specified delimiter.
Removes all items from the StagingArea.
Parse attributres of color.
new lua state
Checks the capacity of the preamble and returns the first num bits.
Reads the next byte of data from the input stream. The value byte is returned as an
Limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region.
Shutdown the scheduler and wait for all tasks to complete.
Convert inet addresses to a collection of inet addresses.
Removes all new line chars from the specified string.
Calculates the total number of unread feeds and categories and prints the time since the last
Append a character to a string builder.
Migrate all the columns of the current table.
Returns the number of rows in the specified table.
Create a new jar modifier.
Adds a new attribute to the end of the list and returns the index of the new attribute.
Returns a new instance with the value set to the given value.
Sorts the specified subset of the array in ascending order using the Dual Sort algorithm. The
Is this a server transaction
Create a layered highlight info object and add it to the highlights object.
Reads the given number of bytes from the stream into the given buffer.
Validate the given assumption.
Add one or more items to the shopping cart.
Adds a frequent item set to the data set.
Skip a number of bytes from the peek buffer.
Create a workflow method to remove VPlex volumes from a VPlex cluster.
show a prompt for the list of urls
Convert a mouse event to a cell.
Compute the regular expression needed to replace an old name with a new name.
Generate a new call identifier.
Parse a hour value. Depending on pattern char parameter is a single digit as defined by
This method is called when a key is pressed in the history.
Takes a substitution and an array of original types and returns a new array with the substituted
Returns a collection of all known transports.
Add a request to wait the password policy timeout.
Get a list of the hive databases
And for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
This is a hacky adjustment method intended to be used for small distance functions.
base64 decodes a base64 - encoded string and returns the object
Copy a single Solr document.
Sets all the values in the matrix to 1 and returns the diagonal of the matrix
Release a previously acquired lock.
}
private static int lastIndexOf ( Object o, Object [ ] elements, int index ) {
Write a byte buffer to the underlying stream.
Returns the remainder after dividing the first argument by the second where each argument and the result is interpreted
max ( BigInteger val ). the first is less.
Block the thread if the condition is true and notify all waiting threads otherwise.
Handle a mouse move event.
Writes the given float array to the current position and increases the position by the number of float
check whether the CIDR address contains the IP address
Acquire the exclusive lock on the given service and object.
check cookie value
Returns a list of files that should be imported.
The gt function allows you to build a new gt instance for each item that is not part of
Reads all bytes from an input stream and closes the input stream.
Parse a sql statement into a parsed sql instance.
Writes a long to the specified offset of this native object.
This method is called when an action result is received. It removes the request id from the set
Generate a salt for use with BCrypt.hashpw ( ).
check if the key is contained in the key set
Convert number to string.
Run init script from resource if required.
Parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
Print an object to standard output and then terminate the line.
Check a double array for finiteness.
initialize keyboard buttons
Checks if the current string is a auto new one
Finds the relative path of a file or directory.
This method resets the singleton state.
And not greater than a positive number and negative first less than a negative number
Generates a string of the given length consisting of num characters.
private static final String str = CODESTRING ;
Remove an attribute.
Evict specified key from cache.
Check if the exception is a unique contraint error
Construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception.
Adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid. This ensure
If there are any unused prefixes in the current element use them to insert the appropriate XML declaration.
Add the supplied duration in nanoseconds.
Returns a list of precomputed hashes for the given data.
Returns the elevation at a given location.
Create a new observed object for the given object name
Delete the children of the element.
Populate the initial child state for the given component recursively.
This method determines whether the current brd overlaps with any other brd.
Throws an exception if the given value is null.
Parse a list from an input stream.
Pads the given string to the right with the given number of characters to ensure that it s
Returns an enumeration of all the measure names.
Callback for when a send task completes.
Add preferences button.
remove unused pages from cache
Create all the fields of a given type.
Raster with interleaved view.
method to copy a file from local to carbon store
Use the set* methods to set the values of the attributes.
Convert a string to a double.
Adding a listener to this dispatcher.
Check if the current feature is stable.
calculates the approximate size of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
Initializes the values with the default values from the configuration.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Write an image to an output stream.
Change event handler.
Write the string to a file.
Determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system that is has protocol file or
Update the status of a session.
Converts OID into array of ints.
Get a list of all servers on a specific site.
Create a generic object editor dialog without a title.
Determine if the styled layer descriptor contains in line features.
Reads a buffer of data from the given input stream and returns it as an array of bytes
of the system
display all string defined in string xml
Check http.
Adds a foreign key constraint to the table
Initializes the view for speech recognition
Send the specified notification to the specified topic.
Append a key and value pair to the json blob. Both keys and values must be unescaped
Populate from a resource.
Deselect item at the given index.
Returns true if the specified node is a leaf in the tree
Add a listener to this service.
; }
Parse a string into a vector.
Calls the super method and writes the distance of this entry to the specified output stream.
Wraps the given session with the current system time.
Send a single batch request and return the list of batch responses
; }
Clear route sensors.
Convert a string into a keystore type.
Sets the mapper to the given level and pushes the current mapper on to the new level.
Converts a hex character to an integer.
Convert diaspora podstats to json
Load a key store from a file using a password.
Remove a property change listener
Returns true if precaching is enabled.
this = this AND other
Compares this principal entry to another.
Returns true if the profile is valid ; false otherwise.
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified.
from clause.
See ISO 16022:2006, 5. 2. 2
Create a kdb database from the input stream.
Decodes an add operation.
Sorts the array in place.
Rebuild the panel with new images.
Processes the bytes that have been read from the stream.
Returns the absolute path of the given file object.
Proceed to the next page.
private static final int NUM = 1 ;
Returns the union of the arrays in the registry and the types in the registry.
Adds a batch statement for the list of rules to delete.
Returns true if the given element has already been visited.
Sets the underlying iot client.
Returns a completable future that is exceptionally completed with the supplied exception.
Initialize the forecast errors and calculate the aggregated errors
check if the mouse event has the correct modifiers
Write retained vars to the current line.
This method creates a new URI instance from the supplied components.
Find the top n best translations for a given hyper graph.
Reads a single character.
Check if snapshot full copy is supported by the storage system
Returns an iterable list of all the services defined in the file descriptors.
Strip sentences from the string.
Divide two numbers of different scales
Compute the p - quantile with the given parameters.
validate the given certificate with the given signed data and signature
Returns the number of elements in this sequence.
add a servlet as a role
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the
Specify a field to be used for the query
Print line.
method to accumulate the given entity
Test invalid xml.
Converts the interval to a string.
Returns true if the member is an accessor pair ( i. e. the accessor member is a
Creates a date format with the given time zone.
Write a linked KML file.
Returns the configured destination file path.
Asynchronously get users and groups from the server
; }
Generates a default set of HTTP headers.
Clear all the parsys.
Submit an asynchronous http request and return a future which will be completed when the response is received
Register a new client and broadcast the new client list
Parse the data from the input stream using the given base URI.
Try to parse the date with the given value using the given date formats.
remove a property json element
Find all loops in the code.
Generate the two files to be used in the Hive session.
Rename an editor panel.
True if the given column fits in a single line.
Override to set up your specific external resource.
Project the vector from spherical coordinates to world coordinates.
Replaces each substring of this string that matches the given target character with the given replacement character.
Url encode a string.
Renders the specified rendered image using the specified affine transform and the current clipping context.
Skip to the end of the current line.
Creates a new independence test instance for a subset of the variables
Read the seeds from the given file and announce them to the announcer.
Format the given number of milliseconds as a string.
Add a property change listener.
creates a new folder
Add typed array to the poet object
Add sub action.
Fills the leaf entries array with entries from the block.
Checks if atleast one of the elements in the left collection is contained in the right collection
Asserts that the duration is in the given number of milliseconds.
Report a diff to the log.
lyrics3 img
Create a new resource with the given mimetype.
Parses the arguments and builds the parameters.
Converts a frequency in the Mel distribution to the Lin distribution.
Generates an icon that draws a crop of the specified size.
Returns a random byte array of the specified size
Returns a string representation of this interval.
Copy buf to message.
Returns true if the entry has expired.
Put boolean value into the Json at the specified key.
Method to write an attribute to the output stream.
Handles the selection of the given item.
This method is invoked by a method that returns true if the method that is invoked can be invoked
Write the cache header to the output stream.
Get the contents of the HTTP response as a byte array.
Fade out all layers.
Returns a tree map with the bin contents sorted from largest to smallest.
add text change listener.
Returns an iterator of the profiles contained in this registry.
Check if the string starts with a space.
Add the prefix to the path
Returns the level to which the given key belongs
Invoked when a mouse button has been moved on a component.
Init the caching http headers filter.
Add a common component to this XML configure.
Await a match or cancellation.
Load general subtrees from the given dataset.
Reads a single character.
Whether the healthcheck instance is disabled.
Writes the given contents to the file.
Build a tree of writables from a flat data structure
Calculate the angle between two points
Sets the column in the cursor position.
Returns true if the item is enabled.
Render the drag highlighte.
creates a new serial modbus transaction
Starts the progress reporter.
Exports an object.
Creates the dbffdc directory if it does not exist yet.
Read a character sized string.
Processes the children of the given node.
Initialize the message list.
Creates a new persisted queue.
This method adds to the sb the objects.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event
Make a request to create a new action.
Show the progress as loading indicator.
Read data from an object in external format.
Compute the madness value.
Construct a new exception with the specified root cause.
Tries to link node as first element or returns false if full.
Notifies all registered listeners of a property change event.
Returns true if the specified template is considered dirty.
This method creates a wire frame with a text label and integer value.
Apply graphic attributes to the symbol
Increases the idle count for the given status.
Creates a new remote service descriptor.
Read the journal from the file descriptor if it exists.
Start the server and wait for it to be fully started.
Gets the complete value for this BooleanValue.
encode the string contents producing a QR code. The result is returned as a byte matrix.
Writes the specified number of ints to the current position and increases the position by the number
Sets a header to the request. This method requires object not be null
Invoked from the UI thread. This is invoked when the UI thread changes.
Generate the extension manager
Submit a task for execution.
Checks the validity of a bucket name.
Validate a user namespace authorization create request. This method also trims request parameters.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Calculates the derived statistics ( probability and correlation ).
Protected method to check whether a consistency group can be deleted.
Quietly close a closeable object ignoring any exceptions.
Fetch a message from the prefetch queue.
Removes the objects in the specified range from the receiver.
Refills the input buffer.
Shutdown all bookie server and clean up tmp dirs.
This method adds a new criteria to the OR group.
Releases selections for a set of items.
Load a mapping table of link ids to hub indices
Delete a load by name
Validate the compute name and vm name.
Builds a string from a tag.
Removes an argument from the list and returns the insertion index.
Replace the policy of a given token in the resource tree
Initializes an atomic double array of the specified length
Implementation of the file copy action.
Recompute seperation for a given statistic.
Make a square image.
; }
Start an element. This starts the element when it is closed
Adds a new process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replace string.
; }
config the operation
Generate a salt for use with the Bcrypt hash function.
Draws the description text.
Parse a bytes value from a string.
Find the link with the specified language.
Update the actions depending on the state of the address space.
Create a parallel flux from the given publisher with the given parallelism.
Clean a directory without deleting it.
Add a gumball to the game.
Puts an object into the recycle bin. If the object is already contained in the recycle bin
Delete a row and then delete the other row.
Create a new channel to the given topic
Change size of this point to a new size
Insert a new row into the block.
Adds a default uri to the list of uri encoded by this class.
Transfer a range of sequences.
Calculates the perpendicular distance of a point p to a line segment a and b
Returns a copy of the current instance.
Run the test case.
Returns the ID of the patch set.
Read fully into an array of bytes. This method blocks until all the bytes are read.
Checks if the current SDK version is greater than the Jelly Bean version.
Calculate a PDF of n choose k.
Checks if the feature is enabled
Validate the signature.
Adds an action listener that will be invoked when the server responds to the client request.
Calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
Determines whether the state machine from the initial automaton has any dead states.
Subtracts two decimal objects
Determine whether the given object is equal to this edge.
Skip characters until a line is reached. If it is not found, we are left at the
List docker volumes.
Convert a base64 encoded string to a byte buffer.
Step to the next millisecond.
load raw unicode characters to a string builder
signature faking using Oracle format.
Create an arbitrary length path node with the given bounds.
Adds wheel changing listener
Scan a YAML number.
Convert an int array to a bit string
Convert the buffer to a sequence of 16 bit samples.
check if a token is valid for the current or previous lookup
This method is called to write an attribute to the XML stream.
Expands all paths of the tree.
Describe vocabularies based on the predicates
any succeeds if the previous task throws any exception
} }
Generate x values.
Compare two numbers using sign bit. The first is positive and the second is negative.
Add an attribute for the given service.
The default charset to use for the query string.
Convert RGB color to CMYK color.
Show an error message.
Parse a name value pair.
Removes all occurrences of characters in bag from string s.
Get the cosine of the specified radians.
Detach from list view.
remove vetoable change listener for a property
Checks if a file exists.
Creates a new windows file attributes object from a given memory address
pull a map and write it to an xml serializer out
fire event programmatically on the pane
true if the source or target query is full
Is this resource a module?
Writes the annotation to the stream.
Calculates the hash code of an IPv4 address.
Determines whether a given revision contains a template with a given name.
Get all account info requests from the given start date.
Returns a new string that is the concatenation of this string and the strings in the specified arguments.
Walk the parse tree listening for events.
Read next char.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Split a word in several words.
Checks if the given URL is a book search URL.
Returns the full path of the given class name.
Removes the prefix.
Send a message to a set of recipients. This method blocks until the message is acknowledged.
Returns true if a service is relevant to a given service instance. A service is relevant if if
Tests for equality when both values may be null.
Find car by road number
Convert a slashed class name to a descriptor.
p - Empirical prior probability.
Returns a new location with the given name or creates a new location if none exists.
Decrement the counter and close the wrapped reservation if it exceeds the limit.
Remove the download with the given id.
This method checks if the android home directory is in the local properties file
Checks whether the given bundle contains token information.
Reset the policy to the default values.
Check if the connection to the event is allowed.
Raises the X and Y values of a vector by a power.
Invoke a static method.
Load a lua script from the input stream
Add a button to the panel.
Maps a request to a set of responses.
Commit to input.
Splits a string into an array using a provided separator. Original string is assumed to be a
Inserts an instruction before another instruction.
Creates a new instance of the class.
Parses a format string into a format specifier.
Concatenates the given iterator as a string using the given separator.
Returns true if the queue is full.
Schedules playlist save task
Check if the expression is to read.
This method is called when the user performs the requested action. The default implementation calls navigate to prior
Returns a string representation of this vector.
Converts an int into an integer. Useful for testing.
Send a verbose log message.
This method is called when the indexes need to be saved.
Compute the score for a match with e errors and x location.
Move the current cursor position relative to its current position.
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings
Returns the resulting edit so that it is inserted at the given position.
Returns a string representation of the current value.
Writes the data to the stream. Returns true if the data was written.
Copy input to output and close the output stream before returning.
Check the number of bookies.
Applies the inverse transform to the source and stores the result in the destination parameter.
Asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular type of exception
Write a packet to the socket.
Process an attribute string of type T_BOOLEAN into a boolean value.
Load a list of key name pairs
Return a list of work orders that match given criteria.
This class creates a new instance of week.
Queue a resource for later execution.
Create a signature for the given subject name.
Schedules the specified task for execution at the specified period. If the scheduler is currently running a
Abbreviate a string using the given font metrics and width.
Stop the wraparound test if it is running and if the test is running and the wrap test
Check row index.
Remove all main symbols from the symbol table.
Determine the enemy blitz strength using a simple heuristic approach.
Creates a new name that matches this name and the supplied identifier.
Attempts to parse the given date string using the configured date time formatter.
Returns a string representation of the state of this object.
Returns true if the character is a white space character as defined by the Unicode spec.
Removes a filter from the pipeline.
Removes the specified classifiers.
Add a property change listener.
Number of checkpoints in the system
add an object to the list
Add one or more URLs to listen to.
Adds the given virtual arrays to the model assigned to this class.
Is the cell editable.
Drops in the trash block.
Concatenates a number of arrays to a single list
Get an iterator over the given pattern.
Validate a custom catalog
a classic executor with a fixed pool size
Check whether the message is a SSDP message.
Add a child to the child list at the given index.
Restore sorting selection to a previous state
Allocates a new byte array and copies all data that has been written to this buffer to
Clean after each test.
Consume the supplied number of events from the queue that meet the supplied condition.
Updates the ui from the given command
Compare zero to zero
Generate a random number from a Gaussian distribution with given mean and sd.
Compute the overscroll percent value.
Initializes an empty i matrix with the specified capacity.
Process an invite request.
Get or create a logger.
Read receive delay from the notes.
Write indent.
Returns an integer hash code for the receiver. Objects which are equal return the same value for
Parse a string representation of an integer.
Returns true if the current node is an invalid node.
Generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
} }
Remove a batch clusterer listener
Return a new held lock that has expired.
Removes an object from the set of known objects
Get a store instance for the given bytes.
private static final int DEPTH = 6 ;
Negative number value of long in big integer
Inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver. Shifts the element currently
Increases the number of entries by a constant amount each time.
Construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing the side of a plane.
Check whether the pushback input stream has a gzip header.
Insert operation at the given position for the given length.
Clear all configs.
Register a decayable object. The object will be removed when the manager shuts down.
Assert that the given strings contains the given expected string
Removes the classname from the set.
a failed stage succeeds when completed
Render the spectrum.
destroy the given class loader
Delete attachment point.
total number of recovered files
make a game item from a model and anim model
Removes the current assignment from the database and the database.
Format a date or a time object into a time and append the result to a string buffer.
Atomically sets the wait status if the current status == expected and the current status == update
Create a thread dump if it does not already exist.
Checks whether the output buffer can be started. If it can start the stream.
Checks whether the input string matches the filter.
Removes and returns first element or null if empty.
This method initializes the static doc builder instance.
Returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept.
Create missing values for the current model.
Normalise the path so that it replaces the str char with the real value.
Start the launch notifier thread
Expand hidden dir in filename.
Attempts to add a new buffer to the current buffer. If the current buffer is already empty
Method to update the value of the ComboBox
Returns true if there are more values to read.
Append a parameter signature to a given string builder.
Complete the heartbeat of the given event. The database is used for the current time.
Decrypt an array of bytes.
Load private key from file
Unregister a listener for the categories.
Returns true if this CRL has an unsupported critical extension.
Check if is not in array.
Returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner.
destroy the context.
init will start the invalid login cleaner.
Splits the shard into a number of url segments. For each segment the given shard is split
Create a reader for this input stream using the specified charset as the encoding.
Convert an image to a zlib compatible byte array.
Adds a new vertex to the graph with the given id.
Configure local services
Returns the index of the specified character of the specified character sequence starting at the specified index.
Append the given string to this sequence.
send a let message to the listener
Return a string representation of the node.
Creates a new meta data column descriptor.
Remove all non-year items from the list
Represents the fact that the client has rejected the request for data.
Validates the given bean with the current bean validator.
Find the matching close bracket and insert the text after the bracket.
Attempts to select a formatting pattern from the available formats.
Fill picks.
Creates a copy of the configuration with a null font
Create a big integer from a zero and a sign.
Cast the value to a typed value.
Forces a file or directory to be deleted when JVM exits. If file or directory are
Initialize this SortKeyStep.
Prints an annotation from the editor.
Adds the index of a point.
Creates a new configuration from the given reader.
Adds an item to the list.
Adds a new annotation with the given name and value to the given annotations element. If the value
Read a boolean.
Returns an enumeration of the measure names.
log Gamma function.
Starts a ticker to animate the form.
Obtains the value of the two specified cipher suites.
Create a pending action context.
Show the droidsafe text markers for the given class in the given Java editor.
resolve a new expression using the hash set of object types
Picks up to three elements from the specified list of sizes.
Verify a log record.
Copies given transferable to the system clipboard
Calculates the percentage of the file to download.
Updates the enabled state of all actions.
Returns an immutable copy of the provided mutable collection.
Adds all the images in the specified hex to the specified tracker
Parse a simple text format date.
This method checks if the supplied information matches the supplied information.
Power on self test.
Internal method to fetch the list of edges used to visit the given edge.
Generates a collection of CRLs from the given input stream.
delete the entity config
get shared instance of view manager
tag function.
Returns the definition from the XML file.
Extracts a unique id from the request path.
uncompress the compressed data.
Populates the statistics handler with the statistics information received from the network.
Closes this reader. This implementation closes the source reader and releases the pushback buffer.
Compare the remaining bytes of this buffer to another character buffer s remaining bytes.
Create a csv file with the data from the matsim4opus temp directory and the mat
Average Aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time
Extract policy notification from the notification XML string.
Force buffered operations to the filesystem.
Find a parcel of the given array of object.
Decode field name.
Returns true if either a username and a password have been set or if the options are oauth.
Add a content item.
Canonicalize the class name.
Pause for the specified number of milliseconds.
Gets the highlight with invisible edge flag.
setup a configuration for a cancelling job
Removes wheel changing listener
Generate fields for each element of the composite.
Determine if the dialog is currently flying.
Initialize the sockets and datagram channels.
Removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the DOTALL option
Consume a nested scroll effect.
Retrieves waypoints matching the given query from the database.
release resources and cancel image loader
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Adds a new entry to the aggregation.
{ } }
create a file attachment.
Add a parameter to the method definition.
JSON for a deletion event
Check if a full copy is restorable.
Reads a query parameter declaration from the current position of the given string.
Returns true if the buffer is too large for an array of bytes.
Resets the time in the buffer for the current thread.
; }
Notify user of file download failure.
Returns the plural or singular form of the given noun depending on the quantity.
verify the xml with the given alias.
Add a new video to the list
Determines if the specified coordinate is in the horizontal target zone for a click.
Read transport systems.
Checks to see if there is a prefix for the current number in the NAL. If so
Reloads the shared hash table.
add a new multifield configuration entry
Returns the number of fields in this object.
generate array of n d - length hyperpoints
Parse the parameter string to extract values.
Add a session token to a particular site.
Deserialize a distribution from the given string.
Convert from meters to pixels.
Send bytes via data socket.
Push a new parsing context onto the parsing stack.
Show the combo view containing the currently selected tab.
The name of the file to be read is passed as a parameter. The file will be loaded
Normalize each value in the array in place.
Add a location to the table
Sets the delimiter and initial indent level for the output.
Encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset. Unsafe characters are
check if there are paths still to be preloaded
Is input column name allowed.
Parse a color from a hex string
Adds a property change listener.
Test empty or null blobs.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information.
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first is positive. The second
Restore the model from a file.
Wait for data to be available.
Harris 4 s min.
Calculates the digest of the specified key using the SHA - 1 algorithm.
Returns the hash code for this User.
Increment the number of received packets.
Parse the given text into a sentence.
Set cluster data directory.
{ }
Check if the current rule part contains an attribute with the given prosodic position type.
Convert a string to a big decimal.
Registers operator for input stream with specified name.
Do some permission checking before calling activity s method.
Delete all the subgroup containers
define a task
Initializes the JDK.
; }
send next byte
Convert a serializable object to a Base64 encoded string.
Creates the image method and returns the image view
Add a new profile to the database
Determine whether the given string is a Java identifier.
Compare two unsigned longs.
single node moved to given point
Create a list from passed objX parameters
Adds a macro record to this macro.
Add an email to the user.
Finds the best hash provider for the given parameters.
Read a fixed size of bytes from the stream.
Return true if the sum of the values in the array is equal to x.
Loads the data from the specified file.
Removes an item at the given position.
Encode the list of types and place them under the key if necessary.
Clear assertion information.
Add operation result to the build process
Generates a plan for the table using the index scan.
Add a network port to the maintenance queue
The start stack offset of the iterator.
Check if this is a match for the given mime type.
Determine if this launcher is armed.
Sets the valid and invalid encoder indices.
Indicates whether java script is enabled or not.
ec == this
The name of the node.
Calculate the MD5 checksum of the input data.
Checks whether the given skin file is a valid skin file.
Inserts the string representation of the specified object into this str builder. Inserting null will use
Draw a tooltip when the mouse is moved
Load an unpacked umd file into the emulator.
If VMA is disabled for the given volume or snapshot.
Calculate the end position of a rhumb line
Returns the position of the first occurrence of the specified element in the array or - 1 if the
Returns the maximum dimensions for this layout given the components in the specified target container.
Read a text stream into a single string.
Update the moving average with a new value.
Log the expiration of the entry.
Remove a ripple from the animating list.
Write a string to the buffer.
Returns a new source record object containing the given number of records.
Check whether the given object is equal to this size.
Compare two versions.
This method returns true if the argument is a valid vector.
Determine whether the Expression is an obsessional word.
Increases the loco speed of the specified dcc block.
Removes the first occurrence of the specified child from this composite.
Notify all observers of a new descriptor.
Generates a DUP2 instruction.
check if it is an application xml or not
Create a native page for the given URL.
Throws a parse exception with line and column information.
creates a custom editor with a default list editor.
This method adds one element to the queue.
Create a new ep with a single value of the given type.
Convert field type.
Add an xml element to the current block.
Find all the parents of a node.
Parse a affix file into a list of dictionaries.
Collapse a building in this model
Sends a detach ISO request to a VM.
Read an error message reply from the stream.
Show or hide pie charts.
persist or update a provider
Adds an undoable action.
Initializes the int array with the given array of ints.
Adds a ping time sample to the moving average.
Append the body encoding.
Tear down the data store.
Get a substring from the specified string
Removes a custom sash form listener.
Writes a string to a file using the default charset.
Delete a set of session variables.
Returns the string representation of the date.
Closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream.
Convert a string to an int.
Writes the entire ResultSet to a CSV file.
Test special case where sign is - num and sign is positive
Verify that the given i is a device with the given mac vlan ip and port.
Add a window to the builder
Returns a hashtable of the intersections between the elements of this and the elements of the given iterator
; }
Registers macro providers for the current dev machine.
Creates a new hash map with the specified initial capacity and load factor. This hash map can be
) ; }
Populate a stream blob with the given data.
Calculate the sign of a value using the anti cyclic algorithm.
Add near key to the near keys list.
analyze all fields of a class
Checks if the specified log level is enabled.
Shows the endless dialog.
Runs the test case.
Gets the critical value for this Harvester.
Find the name of the edit table.
Write operations car to file
check if there are new followers for current thread
On track point element start.
Fire the given property change event.
Checks that a the given substring is a valid type descriptor.
Sort the fields in the array using the given comparator
Draws the background of the view.
Adds a new unique attribute to the map. If the element name and attribute name are not null
Handles the response to a delete vm request.
Run the test.
limits the maximum trans and scale of the given matrix
Returns the blaze value factory.
Refresh the current token with a new name.
Adds a new style with the given ID and style selector.
Extract client name from client id and host name.
Convert a completable future to a fast future.
Is the given action a place operation?
Add view to cache.
Reads the contents of the given input stream.
Plays the media file.
Convert a string to a standard charset.
Encodes cache flags.
Add a new item to the model
Add a value with a given weight to the distribution
Build a row with a check box.
Parse the text and return a formatted date.
Check if a given group name is a child group of the current thread.
Throws an exception indicating an item index out of bounds.
Create the next uncovered locus for a given locus stop before a given locus.
This method is invoked by the framework when a global configuration change occurs.
Launch an email intent if the number of registered activities is less than the number of registered activities.
Returns the number of items in the queue.
Add a new item at the specified position
Add a translator.
Writes a string to the stream
Read and return the next line.
Check whether the text matches a given regular expression.
Write this grid definition to a file
Add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list. If addFooter view is called
Add a close hook.
Executes runnable if executor does not shut down and task is rejected.
Updates the range on each axis.
check if the given sequence is a standard upcean
Loads the configuration from the given file.
apply trading bonus to player
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Combine multiple traces into a single trace.
Interrupt all currently running tasks.
Registers all device services with the default discovery provider.
Removing subsets of swc locations that do not exist in the dependency info.
Draw the tick marks for the axis.
Returns an insertion policy that indicates the tuple is to be inserted into the partition.
ldap proxy support
string - > big integer
Returns true if the character is in the given encoding.
delete an entry for the specified distinguished name
Removes highlights from the text area and clears out the tags.
Enqueues all successors of the given block to the given worklist.
Add a role to the user.
Add a new check box using a table model.
Creates a query using the local time zone.
Must be called by a subclass when a response is sent to the client.
Calculates the latest snapshot index for the given shards.
Create a reply to a forum post.
Check if the other arm is armed
Creates a new instance using el s namespace and local name as a key.
Create a sparse array using the given row and column indices.
Get the Tuple with the maximum data field value.
Update the radio links.
Encode two IDs as a string.
Reset stats tracked for the current request.
Test Conversion to String
Removes the item at the given index and optionally updates children.
shift right with a negative number
Shows the filter dialog.
Calculate the number of pixels between two given points.
Check if a form object allows popups. This is the case if any of the form types
Creates a new local git repository from the current directory.
Returns the minimum of the two vectors.
Add a test call.
Serialize the test results to the given serializer.
Verify the migration of block mirror tables.
Set the log formatter for the given logger.
Remove a text listener
Creates an IDP.
Clears the buffer and resets the state.
Apply camera settings.
Creates a simple point table with the given x and y coordinates.
add to existing volumes if not present in map
Returns a new unique temporary file with the given prefix and suffix.
Convert a collection of annotations to a map of target types to a collection of annotations.
Loads the contents of the file into the buffer.
On hearing decrease.
Resolve a file name to the corresponding file.
This method initialises the tool tip.
Decodes a backslash encoded string array.
Compute the angle based on the current velocity mode and velocity
The bitmap of ignored signals, displayed as a decimal number. Obsolete for numbers that
Generate a seed from the current time millis nanos and device id.
Render an expression.
Stop sampling and add the next sample.
Reverse the order of the elements in the provided list.
Creates new form d
Initialize the factory.
Awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout.
Clamp the given value to the given range.
Parse volume string into host directory.
Format time.
Returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector.
Right justify a string.
Appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this list.
Updates the current checkpoint with the new state
Convert a string to a sequence of UTF - 8 bytes.
Convert a map to a list of pairs
Validates the given label.
Add a message observer
Show the dialog with the given character as the initial text.
Converts a byte to hex digit and writes to the supplied buffer
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. Shifts any subsequent elements to the
Generate a random number from a rnorm of mean and standard deviation.
called when a warning has occurred.
Checks if a given name is a known sub.
Compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ).
Returns true if this word is stored in the dictionary
Size of directory as big integer.
Determine if bit is set in the searchlight bit array.
Create a new age file filter using the given cutoff time for determining the files to keep.
Calculate the major tick from the data
moves to the next record in the result set
Puts an object into the dictionary.
Unset the ordering between two elements
convert html file to string
Write the binary data to a file.
Creates a new connection to a peer.
Convert an array to a vector
Notifies all registered listeners of the new version
Accept a drop operation for this context.
Clears all the criteria and sets the distinct flag to false.
Returns a string representation of this server version that includes the capabilities that the server supports.
Returns the date that the file was last modified.
Has the user chosen to import from PKCS8?
Compile a compilation unit.
Checks the validity of an engine.
Asserts that two floats are equal concerning a positive delta. If they are not an
Calculate the value of d for the current extremal.
Load properties from a properties file.
Replace all occurrences of the given pattern with the given replacement.
Returns a list of metadata for a given service
Returns a new stream that contains all items of the current stream followed by all items of the given
Reads the object from the given input.
Creates a new instance with default values.
Creates a new vector based on a direction.
Returns an adjusted power of 10 value for the given number.
Clears all the rows from the matrix.
Is this the last invoice in the period?
proxy the port to jnlp node
Extracts the cluster name from the cluster name.
Fetch my service cards from retro server
Creates new dialog.
Samples a number of conditional migration events between two areas of the same cell
Checks if value is an attribute.
Decode an ASCII string from a key.
This method is called when the user selects a new operator in the tree.
Removes a property change listener.
Transfers node if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait. Returns true if thread was cancelled
Creates a share intent
create a new updater for the given field
Internal conversion. This is needed to support the current SpringBoot actuator AuditEventRepository interface
Operation : [ < Rn > ], +/- < Rm >, LSR
Builds a row limit specification from the given context.
first common layer between this and other item.
Removes the specified number of items from the stack.
This method is called when the indexes need to be saved to disk.
Add an artist at a specific position
Asynchronously executes a command with environment
Expand and select the given location if it exists.
Advance to the next token.
Save the provisioning validity in shared preferences
Write the extension to the DerOutputStream.
Create a new cluster.
Gets the dereference aliases policy value of the given integer value.
Runs the test case.
Write string in text format without checking buffer size.
Add a new read to the index.
Calculates the block hash by serializing the block and computing its hash.
Add a new property type to the property store.
Asserts that two objects are equal.
Returns a string representation of the given instance.
This method is called before the object is added to the queue.
Encodes a byte array into Base 64 format and breaks the output into lines.
execute a perf query and log the result
Read a 32 bit long from the stream.
shift with a negative number to the right
Resolve the given dex file into a list of dependencies.
Generate logout response url
Asserts that the component with the given label has the given text.
Interpolate all commands in the list.
Initialize the tokenizer
Called when an illegal message is received.
Run the worker threads.
read data from the PO module.
this method will lock the file only if the file is not already locked
Open the datagram connection
Returns a string describing the environment.
Execute a Spark script.
Disable a specific feature
Remove an event listener from the list of listeners.
Calculate how much time has elapsed
Add a list of items to the list.
Properly quotes a string if it is a Java keyword.
Static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving a state.
Generate and return the list of statements to drop a database table.
Whether the manager is locked by any thread.
The current time of the guest process ( in milliseconds ).
Recursive method to get the class information
Method to reset the notes in the text field
Write a ticks value to a psp time.
Writes a character sequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
Populate the nav drawer with the current data.
Run the test case.
Convenience method for creating a byte array from a byte array.
Record audit log for the call home user
Returns the average value in the specified range of specified data.
Constructs a new NTP timestamp from the given date.
Select the most compatible media type from the acceptable and producible types.
Paint the border.
Ensure that the array can hold at least the specified number of elements without growing.
Invalidate and unmap the given buffers.
add dir to the class loader
Is mineshafter present boolean.
Tests this instance for equality with an arbitrary object.
Returns true if the given node has an element child.
Deletes the item at the specified index.
The number of CSS properties defined for the current thread.
Print string.
Checks the given object for the given permissions.
display all string defined in string xml
Create an intent to launch a map activity for a list of url spans.
Generate the filter parameters.
Writes the tags from this ExifInterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap
Removes an attribute from the list.
Extracts the class name from a field signature.
Paint the preview with given distance and zoom factor.
Starts the camera source and prepares the camera for rendering.
Clears the contents of the cache
Divides an array list into chunks of a given size.
Updates the ui for the given window and all its descendants
Clear the result list.
Find all the widgets inside a particular area that intersect a given rectangle.
Prints a symbol. The symbol will be quoted if necessary.
Make a new shopping cart item.
Returns a string representation of the model
Updates the border text.
adds all configured classes to the result set
Clears the references for this factory. Note that this does not reset the reference count.
Decode an array of bytes into a big integer.
This method is called when the schema of the current realm changes.
Given a vector of nodes, sort each node according to the criteria in the keys.
Parse a string into a date time data structure.
Adds a serial message to the queue.
Convert a query string to a dbid
Write short to output stream.
Prints a long followed by a newline.
Set the Thrift service interface metadata for a single service
Creates a raster using a preexisting sample model.
construct an invalid entity response for a given constraint violation exception
Start a block.
Initialize the LayerHandler by having it load the properties file from a URL.
Returns true if this message is suppressed.
Create properties from a map.
get the first node matching the query
Returns an array of strings from a properties object using a tokenizer.
Compare two locales.
Execute a query that returns a result set.
add distinct entry to list
Compares the specified object with this map for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Finish a transaction.
Creates a new instance of c
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
change openam to new one
Compute full url.
Read the manifest from the jar file.
Converts the given array of original types to a new array of raw types.
Add a new column to the table
Reads the reference and mask from the input stream.
Remove a display from the dict.
Generate the next value for a standard Gaussian distribution.
Fire the event to all listeners.
Update port of contact header with local port
Create a new instance with the specified user agent.
Add local cache entry.
create a feature for a street router state
bsbm with no solutions
Deletes the given file. If the file fails to delete a warning message is logged.
Removes an existing value from the series.
Add a member to a group
Creates a new logger for the given name and resource bundle name.
Increment the value of a bin.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving a finite number of arguments.
Put a whole bunch of fields in one go.
Checks if a list of strings contains a case insensitive match.
Compute the madness value.
Initializes known plugins.
Stop the current session.
Keep alive or not.
Request a new upload video file to be processed.
Read a checked message from the given buffer.
Create multicast socket and join group.
Checks if the selected subset meta data is valid.
Validates a will.
Change input stream for read method with a given initial size
Returns the next member in the sequence.
Write a line suffix followed by a newline.
Checks if is system font.
Add url to be loaded.
Add all fields of the iterator in the same order.
Create a new client for the given repository.
Make a read only view of a root block.
Build a soap request for sending to the server.
inner enum test
Outputs the scheme name and hostname as a URI.
Uses wildcards to verify that a given certificate matches a default hostname.
Determine if the given file is in the target directory.
Skips any character in the specified character sequence
Removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection
CAS method for the common case of different tails
Create a phone field with the given value
Load the resource bundle with the given name. If the bundle does not exist throw an exception.
Get the remote pools associated with the remote copy settings.
Convert to html.
Adds a lock to the list of locks.
Evaluates the U function.
Reload the model with a new value.
Convert a move object to an UCI string.
Create an accelerated image of the specified size.
Display internal state of the class.
Writes a string to a writer.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that we have at least the requested capacity.
Decrement the reference count for the shared reference. If the reference count drops to zero then
Convert a principal to an X500 name.
assert that a resource has the expected description
Determine if the Expression is a flat one.
Builds a list of networks that can be configured per user.
Evaluate the right - associative quantifier with the specified token.
Add all series in the list
Exits the program with the given exit code.
Compare the two splits
Merges this aabb with another one.
Generate a tag for a stack trace element.
This method flushes any pending events and invokes the start tag.
init method adds all views to the list of views.
Initializes an extended type with the given node type namespace and local name.
Validate some assumptions about the addition of a path to a owner.
override start to start all threads
Undoes the last action.
Removes the given column.
Returns a string summarizing the contents of the table
Peek a sample from the next available output buffer.
Below method will be used to scan the query result
Returns a hash code for this condition.
Balance all nodes in segments using the element type of the schema.
The drawer can be used to display multiple annotations at once.
Checks if the user partition exists.
Insert a string into the buffer at the specified offset.
Reads a code point.
Put an int value out to the specified byte array position.
Creates a new instance of item
{
Consumes a number from the queue.
Adds the given outer join qualifier for the from clause.
Splits the string into an array of files
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is
Add a swipe listener.
Returns the number of patterns in the matcher.
Write an unsigned 8 bit integer to the output stream
Add two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the second
Add a header to this request.
Store the certificate.
Appends the base type to the type in the pointer hierarchy.
Sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Returns the last value in the stream.
Causes the current Thread to sleep for the specified number of milliseconds. If the current Thread
Finds the index of the given element in the map. If the element is not found in
Checks whether the given modifiers is a package access modifier.
Write the gathered data tab - separated into a file.
window decorator for spring - managed window decorator
Writes an array of bytes to the stream. This method will block until all the bytes are
Send a debug log message if logging is enabled.
Processes the given updates queue and notifies all registered listeners.
Can the remote handle the rebalance request?
Convert a file to a sld file.
Inserts properties into the template.
Change the font style of a component
Draw contours of the given image
Save x509 certificate to file.
Clear all internal listeners.
Invoke a static method.
Returns true if the fill below line size is greater than the number of lines to fill.
Called when a patch result is received from the client.
Find fields by thrift id.
Checks if the packet is a stanza. A stanza is a message, iq and presence.
execute javascript and check the response.
Check if a new version is needed or not.
Removes all the bean instances in the given view map.
Load logical tables based on the granularity of the provided table groups
Read a block of data from the input stream
Add a new subscription to the broker.
Creates an instance from a list of certificates.
Process an XML string.
set the default url to the fraction node
Build a Qualifier regex from the given qualifier string
Returns a shortened version of the given name such that the number of characters used is no longer
Blends the two supplied colors using the supplied weight.
The current KST eip for the node.
Decides whether the user wants to use the UI or not.
Convert an image to a buffered image of the specified type.
Consume an array value. Array values are produced by a call to this method.
Returns the list of all available terminals with the given return type.
Remove a sensor selection listener.
Write a single character.
test dex class loader
Register ttl manager.
Makes a java. sql. time from separate ints for hour minute and second.
Initialize the keystore for a new connection.
Converts an array of image data to an array of platform image bytes.
Clean folder stacking markers from a filename
Discard a registrar. This method is not thread safe and should only be invoked as part of
Returns true if the given state is final.
Generate a sequence of scale markers.
Write the fig tree block.
Return a hash code for this font.
Compares the specified object with this map for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
This method should not be called directly.
Writes the given exif data to a new file. If the given file name is null an
Start a clean start.
Creates an exception for a new method arg invalid value exception.
Compress a string for the zlib format.
Load the mapping between the extension and the mime type.
Receive notification of the beginning of a DTD.
Convert the timestamp to the configured timestamp format.
Encode a byte array as a base 64 string.
Prints a double to the stream.
Returns a string representation of the IP address.
Whether the host contains a chroot node.
Perform an operation on a database.
Creates a hash code value for the object. Subclasses can override this method to change the hash
Create a new instance of a placeholder fragment for the given section number
Imports the specified trl into the specified directory.
Constructs a file reader for reading data from the specified file.
Called when an action fails.
Returns true if the identifier should be excluded.
Determines if the specified exception was a communication error.
Determines whether the connection is reliable or not.
Pushes a new type onto the output frame stack.
This method is called via reflection from the database.
Method to fire a property change event for the given name and old and new values.
Encodes the value by replacing all the occurrences of str with str.
Creates a set of database entities required for storage policy testing.
create a new page from a PDF page object
Add element to map
Save the boot prop to a file
Append the records in a file to the print writer.
Write timestamp to output stream.
Encodes the Strings and returns the number of characters in the two encoded Strings that are
Parse the given morpha text and return the result as a string.
Deletes a file. If the file does not exist an exception is thrown.
Return a path for a check mark.
Initialize the cache by creating the root directory as well as files in the file system.
Bind to a specific network address and port using the given executor service.
Cut the selected bean.
add remover to remover list
This method is called when the action is performed.
Add a new entry to the list.
Increases the size if necessary.
This method is intended for use by generated instances of uuid. New instances are generated using the same
Returns a pretty print of the given number of spaces.
Renders the given handler name and value as an attribute to the response writer.
Constructs a TSDB string representation of the configured properties.
Register a new channel selector for the current session.
Multiply two numbers of different signs and different lengths. The first is positive.
Received a response from the server and parse it into a follower info object.
Executes a query that returns a list of rows through a processor.
Current time in nanoseconds.
clone is the same as the original
Send a request to the server and return a future that will be resolved when the response arrives.
Checks if is empty.
Enable a dependency of this capability
Extract the robot debug variables from the given stack trace.
Adds an integer child to the poet object.
Convert full width letter to half width
Check that two collections contain the same elements in no order.
Returns true if the response does not contain a body.
Returns the number of messages that can be read from the queue without blocking.
Adds the given value.
Returns whether the currently executing action should be executed.
Jumps to the next or previous word in the text. Stops when the cursor is
Handles a distribution message.
Remove a set of volumes from the zones
Shutdown any file system resources.
Override paint icon to paint the correct type of icon.
This method causes the view to zoom to the given position within the given duration.
Return a list of maps of channel name to the corresponding shard and channel name.
Returns true if the file f has been marked as hidden.
Check if a scroll view can be scrolled vertically.
Load the jar file and return a jar info object
Mark all movies as non sortable and make them unreadable.
Add a row to the probability table
Creates a JAR file from a string of content.
Go to a given day.
Returns true if the specified value is in the set.
Close a jdbc connection
Add an option and number to a message
Add a listener to the map.
Compute the distance between all objects in the database and the given knn distribution.
Appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end with the
get all file systems as json object
Redirects streams to the output of the given process.
Test if a network monitor exists.
Adds multiple predicates to the conjunction.
Add a new roll to the tracker.
Checks the canonical user options.
Quietly close a closeable object ignoring any exceptions.
Push encrypted message.
Generate a random number in the specified range
Test simple close.
Add a draw list to the queue.
Populate the task list.
Get the Tuple with the maximum data field value.
Returns the cluster definitions tip text.
Create a big integer from a sign and an array of bytes. The sign is positive.
Start scrolling based on a fling gesture
Registers a new navigator listener.
close the stream
Return the patience of a binomial distribution for the given number of tries n and probability f
Converts a 2 dimensional array into a list of series names
Reads characters into a portion of an array.
print a fatal message with printf formatting
Expand a number from a string.
Compares two strings for equality. Either or both of the values may be null.
Run the cluster generator on a single node.
Return true if we have all the directors in the rule and don t have ports left.
Stop accepting new connections.
Return the expanded version of system id by the given base system id.
Put a message back into the cache.
Compares this builder with another to see if they contain the same characters ignoring case.
Convert a uuid to a long.
Adds a vm argument.
Applies the formatting to the given field.
Compares to equal negative numbers.
Make sure that the activity screenshot is not null and that the file is a file
Unlink target volumes from snapshot session.
Reverse the sequence.
Change a given number of steps to a single variable.
Read a line.
Adds items to scene.
The home page URL.
Returns true if the given reader has taxonomy information.
Remove the listener from the selection.
replace number n with new value and push new type to stack
handle button1 request
Removes the largest key and associated value from the subtree.
Removes all of the elements from this deque.
} }
Internal method to create a new tree node given a SNMP value and an agent.
Set the week that the given time will occur.
Creates a code attribute.
Set the output file for writing.
Reads a class descriptor from the stream.
Create a new file.
Or for zero and one
Execute prepared statement.
Creates a new instance of config.
Throws a NullPointerException if the string is empty.
Shutdown the unnamed task executor.
Calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles.
Creates a criteria. If the number of created criteria reaches the limit the criteria will be added to
Unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash. The backslash
Update query and header parameters based on authentication settings.
Add spaces around spans until the string is fixed.
remove bookmark tracking icons
Create a simple metric group.
Returns true if the given point is inside the polygon.
Resolve protocols.
Returns a list of all non loopback and link local addresses known to the JVM.
Calculate the caculate in sample size
Check if the given status exists.
Returns a string representation of the classifier
Computes the pseudo random function using the given secret and seed.
Adds a channel map to this model
Adds the specified element to this queue if it is not already present. If the queue is full
Associates the specified value with the specified key in the cache.
Parse a UID range from the current position in the Alphabet.
Replace suffix.
execute claimed task
Creates the configuration directory if it does not exist already.
set the parameters for the current node and update the node type
convert a file to a class
Returns an iterator over the targets of the job. The iterator can be used to iterate over all
Fit the content to the scrolled content
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Build a map of pool names to cached indexes.
Creates a new instance of d
create a horizontal separator
Adds an object to the queue.
Does the work for the builder
Generate a signature for the message that has been loaded.
And for two numbers of different signs and the same length
Writes < code > len < /code > bytes from the specified byte array starting at offset
Start activity by file name
Converts a date String into a java. sql. date
Round the provided float value to the nearest integer.
Create a plain text value from short
Copies this attribute and returns a new copy.
Create changes for each component.
Defines a new example.
Check if file or directory exists and is writable
Returns a string representation of the OID.
Reads the code and sets the values from the parser.
skip returns the number of bytes skipped
Add a string to the string buffer.
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Computes a Cholesky decomposition of the given matrix.
Find all of the crossings that would result in a crossing in the given region.
Find by thrift id.
Sets the repository name and path components.
This method adds a property to the carbon instance
Creates the delta for the given delta of the given element.
Return the title of the result
Returns the number of elements in the HashMap.
Replace all occurrences of the old pattern with the new pattern.
Is the given coordinate in the given zone?
Returns the tip text for this Associator.
Set the reader where the labels will be read from.
Returns the parsed double value if the input string is null or invalid or def if the input is
Register a new application.
Add a profile to this user
Prints a character.
Build the block views for the block hierarchy.
Removes all the trails for the specified token.
prepopulate with value and title from res
parse number list.
Report a directory or file not found exception.
Randomly shuffle the array
Parse a SIP message from a header string.
Convert an RGB color to an ARGB one.
Report the beginning of a new run.
Rotate a point about the y axis
Tells whether the given word is pronounceable.
Split the edges of the graph into a list of edges that correspond to the intersections of the
; }
cache with given max size
Updates the maximum text widths.
Enable or disable the overview menu.
Invoked when the mouse enters a component.
Get a page of collections that match this query and the given page of collections that match this query
Makes the given visitor visit this annotation.
Add a set of ids to the query.
Stop a monitor by removing it from the monitor list
Normalize a URL
Invoke the method and do the actual call.
Commit the local transaction if one exists.
Add object class to an entry
Populate the area list from the database
Read a name from the stream.
Concatenates the specified character to the end of this simple string.
Calculate the log odds from a probability.
Signals one or more threads to perform non - empty tasks.
Recursively fill the mary tree with the spec tree
Returns the number of nodes in this lattice.
Adds a host to the blacklist.
Add a node to the cluster.
Serialize this node and write it out to the given stream.
The sigma of the logistic distribution
insert or refresh an entry in the DHT.
Translates the current transformation matrix by the given offset.
The actual object writing.
Writes the given number of spaces to the given writer.
Computes the volume of the overlapping box between two SpatialComparables and return the relation between the
Triggered when the auto draw button is pressed.
Populate the internal buffer with at least the given number of bytes.
Create a z21 message from a byte array and a length
Returns the sorted method descriptors.
Converts a property list into a Properties object.
Check whether the package has the given annotation.
Build a tool tip from a node.
Removes the given on item click listener.
Find a position that can be selected.
Pad a string to the right with spaces till it is at least the specified length. If the
Returns an array of strings that match the given collation rules.
Returns true if the specified class loader is a cache safe type for this type
Writes the index to the print stream.
Creates a new instance from two encoded and decoded parts.
Creates an array of integers representing the month of the year with the given day for the given year
Convert a string descriptor to an internal type name.
Register a new member of the given bean with a specific description
Called after unmarshalling to check that the stored values match.
Add a new value for the given key.
Asynchronously perform a Stream collection
Convert the type of the field to its singular form.
Register a builder for a manufacturer specific company.
Creates a copy of a reil graph
Overrides from external properties file if any.
Reads all text from the reader and returns it as a String. The reader is closed before
Computes the similarity of two lanes. The similarity measure is the maximum of num * same and
overflow.
Find the index of the string if it is in the set.
Return a new string that is the prepped version of the operand
Divide and conquer brownian bridge ; NOT THREAD SAFE!
Get the xml version from a document type.
merge coords list.
Print an int to standard output and flush standard output.
Copies the text from the selection to the clipboard.
Processes the request and forwards the request to the specified handler.
Build the panel.
This method creates a multi - threaded http method that supports client requests
Specifies the cipher and digest to use for the authentication method.
Decode text.
Extract values from a collection using an extractor and a hash set.
whether the current version is ZTE
Normalize the string to the given encoding.
Returns the node in the linked list that is closest to the lo element. If lo is null
Gets the number of elements in the multiset.
Initialize the cylinder with the given points, thickness, and colors.
Return the passed big integer as an unsigned byte array.
Calculate the approximate length of a control point set using Horner s method.
Map the given mouse event to a drop action.
Adds a new assignment expression for the update clause.
return true if there is a valid step
Create the icon markers.
Test if the provider has a network connection to this server.
Assign a subscriber to the default thread
Validates the dynamic attribute.
Check whether the given type is assignable from the given object instance.
Initialize the system name cache.
Adds a command to the menu bar
Connects to a remote bluetooth device with the specified address.
Calculate the density of a normal distribution.
Draws the given shape.
This method is called when the server shuts down.
Load a list of groups from the input stream.
Eventually sets to the given value.
Creates a list of values for a given node that can be used as a key for an equality
Converts a collection of objects to a concatenated string
Decode a base64 string to a byte array.
Remove all premove drops from the partition.
clear bit zero
Set the stop button.
Encode the distinguished name into the specified output stream.
Make the parameters dirty.
Returns a list of all non - null items of this list.
Remove a connection from the cache.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Split a string into a list of strings.
Convert a lowercase hex string to an unsigned long.
Return the standard error of the sample skew.
Load the policy qualifier info to the table.
Run SQL script.
find a marker segment that is an instance of the given class
Remove all the elements in the supplied values from this filterable
Reset the state of this requestor.
Atomically remove the element at the specified index.
Finishes the activity and saves the data.
Add a new message to the uri.
Subscribe to an observable thread and print the result using a name
Returns a nice number approximately equal to the number passed in. Rounds the number if necessary.
Copy the header from the request to the specified buffer.
Send a metric to the server.
Set the values of all fields matching the given field name predicate.
Find a resource base on a class loader or url.
Convert the object to an Erlang formatted string.
Returns true if the char at the specified index is specified.
Creates a new instance for the given archive name.
init socket address.
Reads a number of bytes from the file starting from the given offset.
Checks whether the given tag name matches any of the current tag names.
; }
Indicates if the node at the given row is expanded.
Returns the index of the last character of the first character of the second character of the first character
Add a listener to the set of listeners.
Create a new instance of this class.
Checks repeated bytes field equality ; null-value and 0-length fields are considered equal.
Draws the text of a node or edge.
Update the item with the given list of races
Returns whether this is a required parameter.
Send the data to the receiver for the given original intent.
Print the decimal to the specified print writer.
Returns a new set with the same elements as the input map. If the map is empty an
Removes all biomes of type type from the biome dictionary.
Calculates the tiled requirements of the layout iterator.
Writes an integer to a writer.
Make a new OR ldap filter from the given filters
Sends a blob instruction.
Define labels for this graph.
Returns a new set that contains all the intervals in the given set and the given interval to merge
A variant of string. drop while the condition is satisfied by the string.
Adds a node to the graph.
Print text.
Resizes the internal array to the original size if necessary.
Recursive division of the array list.
Asserts that the given threads stay alive after the specified number of milliseconds.
Creates a new worker manager with the given id
On message event.
Insert a solution into the network
Checks whether the threshold exceeded.
convert a string to a byte array
Returns the maximal length of the largest string in the list
Write a portion of an array of characters.
Round to the left of this pla direction
Determines the proxy for the given target.
Adds a forward reference to this label. This method must be called only for a true forward reference
Create a new array with the same contents as this array.
Indicates whether the connection manager is currently running.
Unwrap a VCF file.
Register a new user.
Select the given columns from the table
Returns a new instance of m that is compatible with the given mbean interface. The type of the
Convert a model to a set of strings.
Uses the supplied stream to load keys from the key store and password.
Writes a location.
Get an offset into the vtable.
Evaluates the XPath expression as text using the specified context.
Convert from a netty headers to an armeria headers.
Calculates the RMS value from the audio data.
Initialize the OpenGL program.
Checks if the given alias exists in this keystore.
Invert the relations of the currently selected relations.
Float value of a negative decimal
Bind key store.
Draw the connector centers of the block.
Determine whether or not the given instruction handle is a merge of branches.
Load the trust manager
Check if current node is outside doc elem.
Set up the pool with the given name and size.
Invokes the specified method on the specified object with the specified arguments.
Clears the internal state of the filter.
Add a helper text color.
} }
creates a new list based token stream
Derived classes can override this method to use a different strategy.
Creates a new map based on an existing map with the same values as the source but with the
Find a key in a byte array.
Add a synthetic edge to the result.
Adds the states in the array to the state set.
readObject is called to read an object from the stream.
Windows reg enum key ex.
add a task
Initialize the compute shader program.
Sort the array in ascending order.
Reads the object from the given buffer.
Generates a new storage group name using the specified policy name and existing group names.
Check the types of the columns of a result set.
Sets the default action groups for the system.
Adds a new row to the list at the specified row.
Pushes the new term to the stack and writes new blocks.
If the argument is a number returns the type of the number literal. Otherwise returns null.
CAS head field.
Removes a dependency from the graph.
new concurrent map with aggressive concurrency
Returns true if the given event name is allowed to be listened to.
Skip all whitespace characters from the reader
Return an enumeration of all the attribute names in this result.
Parse a hash map from a string using a separator to identify the tokens.
Add all elements in the given collection to this priority queue.
The resource id for the last schema node in the path.
Checks if is initial.
Denormalize a char sequence.
create and update a container schema file with the given name and sel file path
Gets the is aborted value for this Future.
Append a key/value pair to the end of the array.
simple skip over long max value
test the file data
Print a boolean to standard output and flush standard output.
Creates an ipc shared memory space
Close the database connection.
Return a new version with the given qualifier added
Perform a 16 - bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
Convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string representation
Unregister a baggage handler.
Construct a heat map dataset with the specified number of samples and specified minimum and maximum.
Compare two arrays and determine if they are equal in any order.
This method is called when the text buffer needs to be flushed.
Returns an unproxyed version of the given annotation.
Parse a hash set of expressions into a list of nodes.
Adds a new section to the tick mark panel.
Calculate the value of i for a given function and lambda.
Flush the stream.
Deletes characters from the buffer.
Adds a new plotter to the plot panel.
Returns the node in the subtree with the given key less than or equal to the given key,
Add a listener to the dispatcher.
Find the next match in the input string.
Takes a fault name and an action and applies it to the current attribute.
Check whether the given sequence contains any whitespace characters.
Decode a base64 encoded string using the given coder.
Validate a set of data.
Add all values and return string representation of the result
Returns a list of all the domain names of a specific user.
Calculate the output of the function
Adds a long value to the request.
Compares two objects using the correct comparison method for this Collection.
Adds an action listener to the check box.
Calculate the bounds of an item given its index and text paint.
Returns the sum of the difference between this and another g.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Returns the offset of the first field in a class.
Send a warning log message.
Extract the first value from the list
This method is invoked when an action event is performed. Actions are either a modify label or
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngineTest # unwrap ( byte [ ] src, byte [
Upgrade a single server instance.
Creates a new instance of the given class by calling its default constructor.
Pops a type from the output frame stack.
Create a generic MSRP session with the specified contact and feature tag.
Create a new forum post.
Draw the mark.
Invoked when the projection has changed.
Converts a byte array into a hexadecimal string representation
Change label value.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream
Update the value of the given point from the current angle.
Join without a delay
Return the value of slide based on left and right column bounds.
} } }
Convert the given x value to panel x
Forward the request to the destination handler.
Fetch all the primary key columns for the specified table and owner
Reads the next number of bytes from the stream.
Creates a new token with the prefix of the current leaf.
Add a record to the CSV file.
Schedules a send using the scheduled thread pool.
Spins/yields/blocks until node s is matched or timeout
Concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given String as a
Find an object binding.
Initialize the compute shader program.
if task completed success or failure from response
Center the nodes of the list on the horizontal axis.
Append text to the body.
Method called when all the data needs to be restored from the bundle
Sets hour and day.
Undoes the last action.
Checks if the fe app is connected using wifi.
Flushes and closes the underlying writer.
Determine if the rowset is empty.
Creates a new process from the given file and progress listener.
Extracts the music id from the given media id.
verify get scope returns system scope
Resolve parameters for a given method.
Returns true if the given cell is contained in the partition.
Generator for simplex sampling without replacement.
Converts to primitive array.
Processes all the lines that contain the uid and replaces the bytes with the numeric values.
Initialize the lookup table for quick access.
Returns a string representation of the format.
Read data.
Adjust the indentation level.
Returns the number of elements this queue can hold.
Consume a string token that ends with a backslash.
Returns a random string between given minimum and maximum
Tests reopening a closed index in the same way.
Returns the first path to a file that exists in the given paths.
Returns true if this critical extension is a supported extension.
Select a format from the available formats.
Load configuration from system properties.
Perform a soft signin.
Test view alter and command cache.
Calculates the number of occurrences of a unit to a given length.
Create a new XML element.
Modifies the content of the file by applying the modifier function to the content and writing the result
The commands to execute when in state 2.
Fails if the option handler does not exist and prints the command line arguments
Update location of a point on the map.
Notifies this layout manager that the size of the view has changed.
Remove a layout turntable
Fires the SAX end element event.
Convert an image in to a matrix
This class is not intended to be instantiated.
Gets the current number of scheduled tasks in the queue.
Creates a new instance of d
Destroy the entire scene removing all references.
Add a mitre to the join between two segments
Discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet such as \u0000.
Multiply two numbers of different scales
Checks that the duration is no longer than the given limit.
Convert path to cookie path string.
Returns a string representation of the given simple decimal value.
Creates a label generator for a category item.
Make an id for an OID
Add an attribute to the cache.
Read the contents of a policy file into a policy object.
Inject volume information into the map.
Method called when the view is detached from the recycler view.
Load a file with the given loaders
Try to open a stream as gzip if it starts with the gzip magic.
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Create a prefix query
Creates a new subject for the given user.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Do the command line list.
Load a single image
Triangulate a set of points
Encode this byte array using URL safe encoding.
Write java field spec.
Reads the object in the given stream.
Implementation of the parse method defined in the superclass.
Exclude destination statement from text.
Escapes any special characters in the string.
Adds a file to the RRD file list.
Insert a list of items at a specific row.
Process a whole collection of integer values. If any of the values is smaller than the current minimum
Get major version buffer.
Sets the settings and mappings as a single source.
Create data to be signed from a digest.
Set the request time to the given number of milliseconds since the given time.
Create a temporary journal file that can be used for testing.
Creates a new instance of a class with dimensions
Play together the given items.
Print an error message based on the exception.
Returns a string containing a concise, human - readable description of the number of requests performed by this
Apply L1 regularization to the given vector
This method can not be called directly.
Returns all the text at the given URL.
Loads the participants of a move.
Determines the preference vector according to the given strategy.
Paint the arrow in disabled state.
flip bit operation with negative in bit representation
on user add or delete
Returns true if there are more events remaining.
Extract xmp from input stream if present.
Initializes the given validator with the given model and client.
Perform cross over operation with another representation.
Resets the digest to its initial state.
Create a new user perspective.
Calculate the phred coefficient.
Returns the descriptor corresponding to the given type
;
Throws a parser exception if the current token has an unexpected type.
UpdateFunctionalityTest # testUpdate3 ( ). Updates values in one column in the table
This test does not work.
Checks if a type is assignable from another type.
method to get the demand details from the current installment if the chq bounce penalty is greater than
Read the sample info from the buffer.
Handle a maintenance operation.
Times and records the duration of event.
Checks if the specified bytecode version string is the JD of a Post Java release.
Adds mapping that will be added when the index template is indexed.
Try to find a template given a full path and a template.
Initialize the cache by creating the root directory as well as files in the file system.
add listener if it is not null
Initializes the site status checker thread.
render the glyph.
Reset the state of this object with a new list of retained variables.
Releases an application context.
Deletes all tables in this keystore
Find one pet category with the given id
Marks a default session token as removed for a particular site.
Exchange a request with an origin.
Computes the alpha value of the given amount of the specified range for the given number.
Convert Unix time to file time.
Encrypt a string with the given key using the specified encoding and a random IV.
Removes the given address from this user
Calculate the width and height of the view and set the measured dimension.
To fire off the end element trace event
Verify product home directory has not been migrated.
Generate an array of Spanned items representing the history of this connection.
Format the given message with the given arguments.
Inserts the prosody settings into the provided utterance.
Create a folder if it does not exist.
After rotate the matrix is modified.
Create a ticker with the title and body.
Adds the protocol if it does not already exist in the set.
Returns a string representation of the class
Adds an entry to the hash table.
load config from resource
Log a message with a filename line number method name tag and message.
Draws the vertical bar.
Construct a public key from its encoding.
Returns the number of results of the given search query.
Check if expression is true.
Adds a header with the given name and value.
Asynchronously capture the maximum value in this stream using the provided comparator
Prints a character followed by a newline.
Wrong record test with empty record.
This method must be called after all data has been added to the storage.
UpdateFunctionalityTest # testUpdate7 ( ). Updates values in a column in the table
Extracts a string of indentation characters from the given string line. This method assumes that the line
Does the work of getting the full path.
Check if matches the given status line and add it to the given list if it does not exist
Divide by a negative number.
Percent-encodes a string into Base64 format using the specified encoding.
Slide the picker up or down.
Add a sticky drawer items.
Whether finest mode is enabled.
Reset the iterator. The iterator will become exhausted of elements after this call.
Calculates sine for the given angle.
Method to extract the message from the stego data
make a related session id from a encrypted id
Compute a cardinal spline for a set of points.
Test whether the given sequence matches the queue pattern.
Null safe comparison of Comparables.
check whether the super user apk exists or not
;
Suspends the execution of a task until it runs out or the iterator is exhausted.
Find component by name.
is fingerprint boolean.
Writes an float field value.
Extracts the column keys from a line.
Draw the rhombus for the given parameters.
Convert list of byte buffer to list of byte array
Instantiate a new object of a sibling class.
Calculates the derived key using the password and salt.
Chained finalizer that return even if the queue is empty
Show the keyguard view.
Returns the width of the given string in the given font metrics.
Return true if the given accessibility event passes a sanity check.
React to actions performed by the user.
local date to string
json creator of the data source
Create a new Email instance using the specified value.
This method is used to set the server url client id and access code.
Add a ChangeListener to the listener list. The listener is registered for all properties.
Creates a new node with the specified permission value override flag and server and world.
Build a new cell with the given rowspan and columnspan.
Add a new XML element to the tree
Set the format using a string
Indicates whether the given interval is equal to this interval.
Convert a relative url to an absolute one
Start the task.
Create a new index.
Close the current file.
Parse first consonant.
controller for the buddy panel.
Compiles the specified Java file and runs the JFlex compiler inside the directory.
Convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
List all GPU platforms
Adds a dependency
Tests if obj is an instance of date.
convert Configuration to XML
Builds a list of points that are quadrlateral to each other.
Heapify up from a given position.
Branches are initially compressed needing one node per key plus the size of the string key.
Unlock to allow both puts and takes.
Check if the file has a known sub format.
Write the constant to the output stream
Initialize properties with given properties and optionally with default values
Add a network listener.
Append the url to the given appendable url buffer. The buffer will be empty when the request
Add error listener.
Validate class name.
Import base types from module into the database.
weka. core. matrix. Matrix
record the given file system operation and audit it
Set exception for the given error code.
Creates new form d
Add the dev jar path to the dynamic vm if it doesn t already exist.
Normalizes a string builder number.
Skip to a given index.
Remove organization configuration.
Remove group listener.
Sets a changelog mapping for the given source and task.
Extract the key from the name.
calculate the distance between two pointers
Transform all the values in the original map using the configured parse method.
Initialize the component manager with a given collection of sequence generators
Removes all observers from the list of observers.
Returns aby the unsynchronized version of the passed byte array
Calculate the general encryption key of the document.
capture message.
Returns an unzipped copy of the input byte array.
Insert an item into a combo box at a given index
Causes the current coroutine to enter the specified state. The current coroutine must have already entered
Check if a python error is in the output
Encodes the number as a JSON string.
Convert a string to a map
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map. The set is backed by the map
Called when the audio is started.
Make a copy of the given stack.
Create a new Runner instance.
Returns a string that may be used to indent a dump of the items in the list.
reduce the calendar to the given one
Surround a string with a prefix and suffix
Returns the first not in list of coordinates
Trim or pad the given string.
Schedule to timer pool.
Decrypt an array of bytes.
Log operating system information.
before a value.
Hashes a string using the SHA - 256 algorithm.
Generate a native guid for a transport zone.
add a servlet with a file
Value is equal to value of this. value
Log a ERROR message and throwable at the ERROR level.
Remove the event listener from the listener list.
Creates a new execution system with the given URI and environment.
Check if the type is a command.
Queues the report to be sent.
Checks if the given string starts with any of the given prefixes.
datatype should be integer
Forward mouse clicked events to all registered listeners.
Format sql values.
Paint top edge of row.
Analyze all the events from the benchmark directory and write the results to a file.
Execute a SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Returns the current time of the calling thread.
Make an entry from a list of lines
Clears the parser highlights.
Read short.
Format an integer into an existing array.
Add a character array to the buffer.
has permission boolean.
Determines whether this type is an annotation.
Returns true if the exception handlers of this basic block are equivalent to those of the other basic block
Calculates the checksum for the entire TLV.
Is long label boolean.
Use this method to create a new secret block with the given collision data
install normal file
Recursive method to create the list from the item and insert it into the insert list.
read the outlines
Decode run length.
Read the contents of the stream into a byte array.
Sets no duplicate value constraint for the given parameters. The parameters are expected to be in the same
Inflate a rhythm overlay with the given configuration string.
Implementation of revocation hashing algorithm with brute force algorithm.
parent must be a class loader.
Determine if the given resource has been modified since the last time it was loaded.
Flip an image.
Load value from property string value
Get all namespaces in the given soap element
Draw the hook for the view
Compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality
When a test is performed we set the status text and visible in the status text
Flush data to the ADC.
Resets the internal state of the display manager.
Recursively copies a directory to another location.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This replaces the current journal if it exists
Write the log data to a file.
Rewrite a string of text into commands.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
On close read connection.
http request handler
Create a big integer from a negative number.
Format a double value.
Removes a set of positions from the data set.
Reset the bounds of the shape so that it fits the entire image.
Get as a colour
Returns the effective numerical matrix rank.
Execute a random modifiable variable modification
Saves the given content to the file.
Delete all the temp files in the file system.
Flush the write buffer to the underlying sink.
convert a byte array to an image
Despawn the given object from the world.
Returns the event topic for the given event id.
Returns the result of the last matching operation.
Create a constraint for each file in the given zip file
Decodes a quoted-printable string into its original form using the default string charset.
Make a copy of this operation but with another extent at the same location
Check for package access on a class.
Style the stroke with a given style and offset
Convert a color to an angle.
old bounded size.
Adds an encoded query parameter to the builder.
Create an image link.
Creates a new namespace instance with the given creator and qualifier.
Atomically decrements by the current value.
Update bubble.
Clear the GWT or JavaScript array.
Lock to prevent both puts and takes.
Clear cache. Delete all cached files from disk.
Updates the publication date of the podcast to the current episode s publication date.
Remove this user interface from the ui variable list
}
Return the knn using a precomputed database.
Returns a new set of positions that are adjusted by the given number of positions.
Appends the given UID to the given string builder.
Creates an available migration with the given version.
Pass the call on to the underlying handler
Draws the specified image with the specified affine transform and source of the image.
display the first display
Select all rows.
Add raw name value pair.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Read an unsigned int from the current position
Get all countries for a given shop and address type.
Adds a pause listener.
Make this attribute immutable from this object
Adds a new component to the composite.
Open a browser window with the specified URL.
Mark a line as invalid.
Constructs a banded raster from a SampleModel with the given origin.
Initialize this URI from another URI.
Removes and returns last element or null if empty.
Check if a refresh notification has been registered.
Read the output of the process.
Fill header and footer.
Adds a new instruction to the list of operands.
Calculate total collected amt.
Skip the specified number of bytes.
Removes all ims from the font.
escape string for ascii
Copies the content of the specified reader to this object with the specified encoding.
dictionary cache without deleting original
Convert array of object to type string.
Rename file.
Execute a command on the camera command queue
Returns a set of names that corresponds to the given symbol kind.
Returns the number of characters in the buffer.
Build a serialized response string from the given map.
Populate all the combos for an activity
Find the encoding to use for this request.
Convert an image.
Get the start time of the timer.
move to the next view
Check if the string is a HH number
Implements the abstract method simulate method. It distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures.
Cache a method for later retrieval.
set bit to top positive
Destroy the beans from the context map.
Closes the given output stream.
Returns the item at the specified index.
Compute the visible width of a single character.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Create a new gts event with the given timestamp
Encode a sequence of coordinates into an encoded string.
Extract weight values.
Close the writer and the underlying connection.
Returns true if the filter contains all of the hashes in the given list.
Ensure that there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes.
Checks if a number is in the valid subregion of this country.
URLs that end with this string will be cut off.
Returns a pair of integers with the next element and a list of lists containing the elements with the
Adds the alpha value to the given color
Stop the server and release resources.
Copy the contents of this operand into the local state for this instruction.
Attempts to read a response from the given connection.
Add an element to the queue. If the queue is full blocks until at least one element is
} }
Add a part at the specified position.
Inserts the character at the specified index.
Check whether the deployment has the given weapon in the given nature.
Dump the current state of the cluster.
} }
Tries to find a conversion from db to the given target type.
Advances the api up to the specified time.
Update user roles
Send a request to the HTTP service and parse the response.
Run a comparison test for the properties.
Adds a delete description to the query.
Compute the maximum of two values
Adds a new container to the animation.
Calls the super method and writes the polynomiale approximation of the knn
Adds a method to the chain of methods.
Get current request.
Creates a hash value for the given password.
Schedule a commercial.
Returns a hash code value for this matrix.
Unsubscribes the message from the topic
check whether the current operating system is digital unix
Called when the client has been disconnected.
Determines whether this name ends with the specified name.
Calculate the total height of a star given the size of its border and the number of stars.
Returns true if the given string is a regex.
Check if an intent has specialized handler for its data authorities or paths
Flush standard output stream.
Builds and attaches the footer to the given content.
Make a sentence out of the given children and connective.
This test is preserved only if the key has been previously preserved.
Initialize the store. Existing maps that start with the same prefix are closed.
Sorts the keys in the histogram and adds the sum to each key in the histogram.
Updates the icons for a package.
parse date time string to a date time data object
Adds multiple attribute values for a given attribute name.
Test the case where the park times out.
Sets the maximum index of the commit to a given value.
Finish all the closing fragments added.
UT encodes a sequence of UTF8 bytes into a sequence of UTF8 bytes.
Converts a hex string to a string.
Find all scenarios and examples in a feature.
Convert rate to speed.
Returns the next element in the iteration.
Get queue size.
Get the string representation of a double.
create test index created event with bulk data hit.
Validate the given value with the given ignore case rule.
Find the uri associated with a specific owner.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Offer an event to the queue.
Creates an algorithm parameter spec from a AES - 256 random number generator.
Checks whether the character is a token character. Excludes letters digits iso or http separators
Draws the graph lines and points
Specifies that the element should be typed.
generate a log tag for a class
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Create new uri with a given fragment.
Override paint to draw the children.
Write the current state of the game to a byte array.
) ; }
Draws the arrow head of the type of arrow.
Init with a new class loader
Unmarshal the parameters of the given method using the given input stream.
Load data from the service.
Creates a resource name from the given resource name and locale.
Convert an array of objects to a string.
Draw the bullet icon.
Executes a query and returns the number of rows modified.
Reset the context for a new run.
Convert an image to a buffered image.
Returns true if the test was cancelled.
Remove an edge from the graph.
Return whether an event is generatable with the given name.
This method is called when a message is received from the producer thread.
Set the until date for the query.
Checks if a given touch x position is within the thumb bounds.
Cleanup all files from the given directory.
Returns true if this shape can be collided with another shape.
Adds a recorded duration.
Submit a task to a queue. If the queue already contains a task with the same name
create a task distributor with default priority
Write the current state of the sampler to the given writer.
Add field buffered by given editor.
Add a new room with incomplete freespace.
Compute desired ellipsoid magnitude.
Trims the specified character sequence removing all whitespace from the beginning and end of the string.
Validates the VNX SMIS parameters.
Calculates the next trace.
Convert an object to a byte buffer.
) { }
Create a new sensor.
Returns an array of the maximum values of the both specified arrays in each index.
Draw a filled shape with the given color and the given translucency.
Write the current exif tags into a new stream.
See ISO 16022:2006, 5. 2. 3
go to current day
Convert an IP address to an integer.
Returns true if the current template is a valid template name.
Always throws UnsupportedOperationException.
Normal cumulative density function.
Destroys this connection and remove it from the list of connections to be closed.
Consume an atom from the pattern.
Unary operator that takes a collection of UDIDs and prints the formatted output to the
Check if the network is connected
Called when a tab is closed.
Adds a new SAM type collection with the given name, supported, auth scheme and level.
This method is called when a connection is closed.
Replaces all collapsed edges in the graph.
TimingTarget implementation : calculate and set the current position based on the animation fraction
Set the UI and a title pane.
Returns a string representation of the queue
Writes a long to the stream.
Given a list of files and a list of wildcards return a new list of the names that
Creates a new charset with the given name without specifying the default value.
Initializes an integer.
Dump the given message and stack trace with the given stack trace.
Execute query directly on the database.
Cache a synthetic name for the given signature.
Check if the edge has a default value.
; }
Returns the next matcher.
process all the queued fragments
Adds a private field to the class. The field is specified by its name.
This reconstructs the private subrs array by adding new marker and range items for each private sub
Tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence. Case insensitive.
Initialize EGL for a new surface
Clear the internal state of the manager.
} }
Reads characters into a portion of an array.
lenient operation. If the line starts with the specified string the rest of the string will be
Merge the children of a node.
negate returns current value.
Helper method to create and bind an object.
Creates a simple setup panel for the given experiment.
Add a new listener to the current thread.
Parses the command line arguments.
Is zoning required for the provided virtual array?
Updates filtered tokens and builds XML structure.
Returns a boolean telling if this NameValueList has a particular name and value.
Tests if this string starts with the specified prefix.
Check whether a window of the given type is present in the model.
Fire property change event to all registered listeners
Starts fading to the specified layer.
Computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field. Null-value and 0-length fields
Constructs a new surface object that is a copy of the given surface object.
Parse a method string.
Start up the mary voice system
Find the start of the first character in the given column
Get a color from a named color. If the color can not be found return the default color
Constructs a list of modules required to perform voice processing.
Returns the Euclidean distance between this vector and another.
Calculates the amount of time elapsed since the last garbage collection.
}
add all distinct entries in entry list to source list
Marks the beginning of the object data.
Produce a Kafka stream to the specified topic.
Creates a string of a given length containing the specified character.
Add a connection view to the map.
This method trims a character sequence a specified number of characters from the specified text into the specified
Add a script finished listener.
{ }
Test get and put in a fixed byte array buffer
Concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array.
Ensure that there is enough room in the array for at least the given capacity.
Adds a new value to the series.
Start a new session with a given number.
Calculate the rotation angle between two points in degrees.
Returns the number of times the pattern appears in the given sequence.
Creates a new CRL number.
Send a verbose message to the logger.
Calculate the log probability of a list of numbers
Set the tolerance for finding objects in the stream.
The drag drop operation is finished.
write a log to a table
insert the entry into the dynamic table at the given index.
Extracts the secret access key from an S3 uri.
dial the specified contact information
adds a class to the list of safe classes
Check if there is room in the active list.
running ; }
Parse a single rslp file and return the parsed steps.
Converts the bet to a string.
A non - empty journal is treated as a non - empty block.
Check if the row matches the specified IP
Quick pow using the quick math library.
Returns the entry path from the given class.
write a counter value to the stream
Returns all annotations present in the given package element.
get the current or next way or next node
Sends an update to the client. This method is thread safe.
Checks whether the mouse event is a middle mouse button.
Add a success message.
Determines the current state of the start stopped checkbox.
Closes the connection to the input stream.
Computes and returns the next log segment sequence number for the given list of segments.
Throws an exception if the specific language is not supported by this XMP.
the number of seconds a bomb will explode
Returns true if there are reader threads waiting to acquire.
Get the amount of time inactive since the last call to this method.
Equivalent to assert cond : value ;
Add a cos definition
Create a data quality object from an XML element
convert class to q
Generate JWT token.
exports a list of symbols
Returns true if m is fulfilling.
Add a data source listener
Search for the effective annotation in the hierarchy.
Changes to the failed state.
Read n bytes from the input stream into the buffer starting at the given position.
Evaluate the distance between two vectors.
Called when the document is finished parsing.
Cancel included and not included.
Kill all but the last num entries.
Convenience method to create an error dialog.
Read the suffix from the input checking that it is the same as the expected suffix.
Print a tag with attributes. The tag will be followed by a newline.
Parses a string from a delimited disk into a single string
Determine if the object is trusted.
Creates a new persistent search request control.
Connect the synapse with an equalized density.
Multiply a character by a character. The ordinal value of the character is used in the multi
Normalize a char sequence.
Add a zone change listener.
Write a byte to the blob.
Start listening to a resource.
This method returns a flat list of the values in this matrix.
Reset the scheduler for testing
Computes the hash of the given key for use in a cache.
Record a timestamp.
If we are interrupted while waiting for a thread to complete then this method will throw an assertion failed
Parse a JSON data structure from content from a string
returns the default max radius
Return the contents of the buffer as a char array.
Gets the number of pending workers.
Insert an item at a specific index.
Splits a string into a list of strings using an escape char and a series of special characters
Append a stream to a file.
Creates a new concurrent hash map with the same mappings as the given map.
Add a new rule if the rule does not exist yet.
Append the given byte array to the current path data.
DSS keystore is latest if there is one.
Initializes the bundle with the given name.
Create a warehouse support layer.
Check if the name matches the naming convention.
Remember a factory for a particular host name. The factory will be removed at the end of the
Returns the next character in the stream.
Version of remove using reference equality instead of identity. Needed when removing a key from a compact
Sets the exception that caused the task to be cancelled.
Return the number of characters required to encode the input character array.
Removes elements from the list of elements to remove if the number of elements to remove is greater than
Remove a network update action.
Calculate the buffer distance error for a number of segments.
Return next pair in the stream.
add a character
Checks to see if the given IFD is a valid IFD.
Remove a child from this group
Check if there is an active storage port with the given native guid.
Append a split element.
The consumer is subscribed to the messages emitted by the map.
Closes the bit output stream.
Get the direct connection instance
Append the national number to the end of the string.
Cut the selection to the clipboard.
Stops the LED.
Releases the backing store and clears the index
Configure the parser to parse the arguments from the configuration file
Write the given transformation matrix to the stream.
signum ( ) for positive BigDecimals
Create a new painter chain prepended to the end of the chain.
Parse an operator consisting of equals greater equal or less than equal to or greater than.
Performs a drag operation to the given destination object using the specified number of steps.
Populates the sync queue from the contacts in the cursor.
Removes a series from the data object.
Add a glue to a box
Write the given result object to a file.
} }
write blocklet info to file
Recursively renders a tree to the string builder.
Matches the original string against the regex and replaces all occurrences of the regex with the replace
Compare two characters in a string.
Adjust the length of the backing file based on the given chunk and buffer length.
create ordered list of subnets for a list of pins
Creates a JS method invocation expression.
Do double click action.
static method to create a new node from a string
Generate and execute drop table sqls.
Creates a new segment.
Checks if a person exists in the list of people.
A function to find the maximum of two values, but ignoring any NaN values.
add a block to the list of blocks that need to be modified by other readers
Remove a reference to a connection
Returns true if the current character is a letter or digit.
Initialize the vacuum environment.
Generate a remote class and copy the source files to the destination directory
Register a listener for long click events
Remove a respawn point from the response.
read in a photo from the exif
Converts a byte array to a long.
Returns the next unicode escape sequence after the escape sequence for the given character.
Pass mouse events to the delegate.
Remove formatting from a line of IRC text.
Xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
Print the log.
Determines whether this LDAP name is empty.
Write local csv file.
Create a service config for an organization
Delete an authentication domain
Add a source remark on an element.
This method is called before the action is modified.
Save a new entity in the database.
Whether the mark is supported by the underlying input stream.
Resolve the parent relation name to the given child relation name.
Create a new column with the specified default value.
convert select to a join node
Execute a script. The file can contain any number of arguments. This is done using a single
Creates a new instance of htm
Calculates the sample rate and returns the formatted string.
Returns true if this exporter is closed.
Start the worker thread.
Build a type simplifier for the given package and set of types.
Escape the provided bytes.
; }
Convert a document to a string.
Create a client for the given list of seeds.
Casts a String to a boolean value.
Checks if there is more work to do.
Changes current seed by supplementing a seed argument to the current seed, if this already set
Generate class file.
Whether to use the compact font format.
Main method for running the generator from the command line.
Moses mosesize function.
calculates the approximate height of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e
Throws an exception if the server is being shut down.
Check and execute unblocked tasks.
call a static method that returns a short
Fire an indexed property change event to all registered listeners. If the old and new values are different
Remove all the active markers
This method is like capture except that it accepts a string literal.
Convert a long value to a localized integer string.
Test parsing of client handshake packet.
Run the test case.
Checks a value against the set of used labels.
Create a new template for the given string
Returns true if the custom area should take focus
Initialize the SSL engine with a private key.
select zones for a list of initiators and ports
Checks whether the given filename ends with one of the given extensions.
write jar resource to post resource
Close file.
Create a new typed event listener.
Return all direct child nodes of the given node. If the node is an element or comment node
Corleone with a specific context.
Computes entropy for an array of integers.
Add a method to the class.
Add the replication factor to the operation.
Retrieve splash screen image and display it.
Decode line suffix.
Add a transaction to the set.
Calculate the space between the track and the direction of the motion.
Does this set contain a polymorphic method?
Creates a new jk object
the attribute set instance.
Ensures the file is open. If the file is already open it will just return. If
Confirm that the cache can be canonicalized to a known good state.
Print an object to standard output and flush standard output.
Stop the worker thread and call run on the worker thread.
Reads a number of bytes from the stream into the buffer.
generate a graph file
Close an output stream.
Adds a property change listener to the bean context.
True if the entry is expired.
Load user image into action bar
Determine the direction of a key event.
Create a trace graph from a collection of spans
; }
Makes a date from separate strings for month day year hour minute and second.
Handles a Mesos failure.
Find config in working directory.
Attempt to add the word to the current line. If the current line exceeds the maximum size
This function is called when a preference is clicked. This will return true if the preference is clicked
Read www authenticate header.
Converts the specified boolean to a string value.
Sends and consumes the messages.
Add a live to the query
Gets the contents at the given URI.
Test if the given key exists.
Allocates a new site for a script.
Draws the specified image with the specified affine transform and observer.
This method converts the supplied character array of digits to an integer.
Creates a new instance of the activity monitor
Calculate extreme locations for a great circle with the given starting location and azimuth.
Sets the checked and enabled state of the checkbox
Paint the check mark in background.
Find the position of the first occurrence of the given URI.
Write the command to a file.
Reload the list of files that can be found by the scanner.
Creates a new instance of the dns module.
Indent a block of text.
Add a content spec node to an element.
Increases the size of the spine by the given number of elements.
Attempt to reconnect to a failed host.
Get unmodifiable collection of records in this port.
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Returns true if the variable has a change event of the given name.
Reset all of the iterators to the beginning of the current state.
Calculates the distance between this circle and another circle
Creates a new simple command with the given name and arguments.
Grows the internal representation by doubling the size of the internal array and copying the data over.
Convert the given string to lower case using the rules of the default locale.
create an instance with default modifiers
Performs a breadth first search for the given value using the given traversable starting at the
Set the view to render and return the view.
Check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct.
Announce a new service with a set of groups.
Set the attributes of the drawing.
; }
Create the policy tree for an organization.
Rollback method for create snapshot
Convert time in string format to number of seconds.
detach view from activity
Read the actions from the shared preferences and create the corresponding menu items.
add a download task to the active list
Add expr to tla
Is the given hunk an upper case camel case hunk?
Type the given string.
True if the provied type provides a language identifier.
Remove redundant affix.
Replacement function for nextInt
Main loop for the user to resume the updates.
Records the last used time.
Figure out whether the top element can contain the given child.
Extract all arcs from an object id.
Test is duplicate string.
Update stats for conditional density estimator.
Returns true if this file should be shown in the directory pane false if it should.
Add two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the second
Add a connection to the poller.
Increment the access count for the current thread.
Compare two double values.
convert Bitmap to byte array
Configure the nb instance with the given coercive parsing.
Calculates the log of a number in a given base.
Evaluates the U function
Creates a file saver descriptor
Read a block of data
Adds a run to the pipeline.
Copy the array of converters into the given array.
Add an output sensor to the map
Initialize the handler with a new socket instance.
Resets the state of the reader to its starting state.
If a value is present invoke the specified consumer with the value otherwise do nothing.
Send intensity data to the X10 device
Reads the next token from standard input as a float.
Creates a new scheduler instance for the specified server and world.
fill iiii of an array with max value
Calculate layout width.
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values
Execute the rule for the given element.
The contents of an array of characters.
Converts an ISO 8601 duration to a human readable string.
Send a chat message.
Converts the numeric value to a string.
remove a thread from the list
Method to handle current dock node event.
Read source to log.
Delete current license file on disk
deprecated in favor of the new network parameters.
Run the consumer. This is the entry point for the consumer.
Reads a chess object from a stream.
Calculates the bounds of the fast scroller.
Creates a new instance of d
Create a new directory.
Determines if the current operating system is Windows 8 based.
Returns a set of all unused functions in the given set of units.
add values from start index to end index
Returns an unmodifiable list of no proxy servers in the system.
Add a set of include strings to compile
Adds a new observation with the specified value and group.
Add the count of each variant in a record to the statistics
Read some bytes from the stream.
Creates a new LDIF object from a list of lines.
updates the preson info with the latest information
remove item at the given position
Show the licenses to the user.
Adds a geo key to the dictionary.
Detect some patterns in a GTS instance.
Print a dump of the itemsets.
pull a boolean array and serialize it to an xml serializer
Add outbound rule.
Create a Skype account with the specified username and password.
Stop a drag.
Add new flags to the current layout.
Returns the name of the certificate in the key store that matches the given certificate.
Purge the last X amount articles from the database.
Recycles all views that were previously discarded and removes them from the layout.
This class is used to provide access to the remote method control object and the proxy id that generated
Paint the number on the canvas.
Called before a non - object key is encountered.
Copies the data from the input stream to the output stream using a buffer of the specified size
Test properties file directory.
Add two numbers using the precalculated pattern.
Serialize a compact representation of the XMP node.
Adds a checkbox to the given container.
Pushes the current graphics state onto the stack.
Drop an existing full text index for a table. This method returns silently if the index does
Retrieves but does not remove the head of the queue.
Adds a new processor to the pipeline.
Adds the given arbitrary data to the given index in the program. Automatically uses shortest encoding
Initialize this policy from a configuration map.
Delete least used connection from the pool.
Convert less than one thousand.
Check whether the uri is an embedded base 64 encoded image.
Changes the state and sends a notification.
Matches the link label regular expression and returns the number of characters matched.
Returns the contents of the file as a string. The file is always closed.
overridden in WroRuntimeException to handle the exception.
Check user permission to use the API.
Close the file and load its content
Returns the index of the operator that should be used in the next window
Split a string into a number of smaller chunks.
convert boolean arr to string for printing
Convenience method for decoding data to a byte buffer.
Removes all the items from the list.
Get the brighter shade of an input color.
Shuts down the network thread and all its threads.
This ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send.
This method is invoked by the executor after a transfer is completed.
Write a value using a golomb algorithm.
Add a force to the simulation.
Convert number to metric value.
Returns true if the current region overlaps the given sequence of the specified interval.
Sets the value of the b parameter.
Prepare - e.g., get Parameters.
Checks if the service is configured.
Convert a comma delimited list to an array
Read a number of bytes from a file.
An error has occurred in the processing of a message.
Make backup file.
Push a pair of nodes into the stack. Special purpose method for TransformerImpl pushElemTemplateElement
Remove storage.
Add the master and template to the container
}
Delete a set of users.
Returns true if the file name matches one of the wildcards.
Remove a region from the map.
Close a stream without throwing an exception on failure
Adapt a SAX2 start element event.
Stops the server and closes all connections.
storage of temporary files
Calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state.
Starts a new camera source and prepares the camera for use.
Adds a new breakpoint listener.
If showing paints the background of the panel.
Removes and signals threads from queue for phase.
Creates a date time format instance from a string.
Print stack trace for a throwable.
Visit a type element. The type parameters will be scanned in the order of appearance.
Creates a block of code.
Calculate the poisson distribution.
Recursively find the expression from the given string.
Add a channel to the cache.
Deletes all files in a directory
Synchronously pipe the contents of the input stream to the output stream.
Releases all resources held by this class and its associated detector.
Trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string.
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is
Schedule an action to be performed if the current thread is on the duty thread.
Submit a task to execution pool
add a new attribute selection
Create the buffer that will be left over after a write.
Returns a randomly selected action value.
When a connection closes remove it from the channel group.
Sets the System property to the head less mode and configures the simulation.
Check whether id is the next window of the current request.
Checks whether the given class is visible in the given class loader.
Removes the event from the queue.
Construct an XML fragment using the given service schema and the set of attribute schemas provided.
Tells whether or not the given string is a match for this attribute.
Adds all items of the array to the list
Removes a SuperCard from the adapter.
Test header and data parsing.
Generates a secret key from a password and a salt.
Partially escape a single assertion value.
Removes the view at the given index from the parent.
Returns true if the given prefix has already been declared.
Executes one simulation step.
Calculates the attack status for the attacker.
The processor function allows a user to define a custom processor for the vertex.
Release the lock and set the state to idle and busy for an indefinite period of time.
Validate the replicas for the shards collection and number of replicas.
not supported.
Convert a map to a name.
Convert char sequence to character stream using specified encoding
Ends after find.
Delete cheque and related photos.
Returns the partial correlation of the given tetrad matrix.
Add a column with the given name and expression
Add put and get time nanos.
Check if the saturation is valid
Parse a cell from a string with a fixed layout
system property change
Run a command in a directory and return the output of that command.
Gets the socket channel.
Two dates in the same timezone.
Builds a string from a tag.
Adds the filters for the file name.
Windows reg enum value.
Parse an RFC 822 string into a time object.
Validate the model for the given uri.
Adds a single annotation to the page.
Find the preferred provider id from the request and return it.
Creates the directory if it does not exist already.
Assert the values have the expected values.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least the
Print a float followed by a newline.
Extracts a register from a string and returns the location of the register.
Override if you want to know what happened when a login failure.
Build method interceptors.
Removes all phi instructions from the IR.
Returns the number of times the token appears in the target.
Returns a map from each test case to the set of covered goals.
Build route interceptors.
Returns true if the footprint is valid false otherwise.
Main method for testing this class.
Gamma distribution quantile function.
Derive a cipher parameter from the given key using the specified algorithm parameter spec.
initialize the editor with the given text editor configuration
Writes a byte to the specified offset of this native object.
Adds a validation error to the result.
Parse option setting to map.
Generate client credentials.
Build the document
Start the tour using the specified JSON.
Run a random test with the given parameters.
add a listener
Clamp the magnitude to the given range.
Handle a click.
Adjust bytecode index for specializations.
Returns a string representation of this instance.
This method is called via reflection from the database.
Create a temporary directory that does not exist yet.
Synchronize all auth data with the current user
Creates an element in encryption namespace.
Move all views remaining in mActive to mCurrent.
Draw wind on the canvas.
Check if the proxy settings are set.
Check if the expression is equal to its default value
Parse key and value to map.
Use onSizeChanged instead of onAttachedToWindow to get the dimensions of the view because this
Fill a new buffer with the specified number of bytes.
Creates a new website address from given values.
Test filter with basename and extension.
Reset pending tele missile attacks.
Adds the padding bytes to the given byte array.
Adds commands from a PDF page to the viewer.
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Adds a sequence of statements to the last statement in the sequence.
Notifies radio listeners that the activity state has changed.
Computes the elasticity of this bound on a given spot.
Convert entity to byte array.
Find the first foo with the given uuid that matches the given criteria.
Round the given decimal value to the nearest integer.
Create new runner instance.
Determine whether the current operating system is Windows me.
Convert a date to a string
Computes and returns the pixel size of the given component using the given form specification cell size and
Returns true if the element types of both nodes are the same.
Appends the buffered data to the given string builder.
cast a long value to a String
Resets this stream to the beginning of the source string.
Read a single byte from the stream.
Writes a char sequence to a file using the default charset.
Decide if the given request is an IDP request.
Compile the prolog to java source file.
Removes all of the listeners from the spring.
Create a dialog box using a selection dialog.
Build the document
Convert a class name to a resource path.
Build a new URI with the given scheme, scheme specific part and fragment.
Adds the specified solution to the population and returns its assigned id.
Converts buffer to an array of bytes.
Create a disk
Check if host ends with domain.
Disables all the attribute of the given name.
Generates the instruction to push a handle on the stack.
Create a string representation of the post body with the parameters and boundary specified
Lookup an integer from a standard key.
Write the boolean to the output.
Replies the property that contains the toggle node.
Decode an octet string and append the result to a string builder.
Adds a vector to this vector.
Reverses the order of the animations in this AnimatorSet.
Start the service and obtain the contacts from the provider.
Fire a vetoable change event to all registered listeners.
Correctness test for the Lm model.
When new sinks are received for the given source.
Convert a dto to an entity
Writes an external foreign key drop statement to the stream.
Obtain an exclusive lock on the file if possible.
Write the data to another data object.
Collect the affected files from a collection of files.
Updates a particle position
Updates the tick values based on the new length.
Check if target position is within bounds.
Assert that the indices of the triples in the database are consistent with each other.
Show a specific item in the navigation bar.
Sets an integer option. If the option already exists the old value is kept.
Determine the target page to be displayed.
convert value to string
Clone the entire vector.
Converts the given glob pattern into a regular expression.
} }
Splits a string into an array of strings without escaping.
Test split of escaped semicolons.
Removes the object at the given offset in the source array and places it in the destination array.
The dictionary adapter for the given database path db name and table
Returns true if the activity has a tab with the given id.
Wraps the given stream in an http stream object.
Adds the file to the set of files to watch.
Tells if there is a number coming from the current position in the source string.
Add two points to the convex hull.
Read short.
Print an int to standard output and then terminate the line.
Creates a new proximity node with the given parameters.
Check if zoning of a virtual array is required.
Send a reply to an incoming stream.
Initializes a new alarm with the given name, delay and an array of control frames.
navigate to the current selection path that is visible
Add messages to the buffer.
Make a random cache entry.
Implementation of EGLSwapBuffers.
Splits a string into a list of windows of a specified size.
Build a path using the provided json path
Returns a new array that contains the given element at the specified position.
Returns the value of the derivative.
Convert this matrix to a string in matlab format
Creates a new input reader for a file.
Creates a new object output stream for this path.
Returns a set view of the keys contained in this map. The set is backed by the map
Add certificate validity.
Adds a policy listener to the cache.
Verify a session code.
Creates a new script engine for the given file.
Finds a raw module.
Extract object from list of arguments while checking its type
Obtains a local date in japanese calendar system from the proleptic - year and
Recover an entry from the given key store and alias.
url new loader
min for unequal BigDecimals
Use this method to start the wiser server.
Concatenate two int arrays.
Move the camera up and down.
Shuts down the task engine service.
Reset the builder to an empty set.
Deflate a string using UTF - 8 encoding
Returns the number of elements in the list.
Send a ERROR log message.
Add a property change listener.
Recursively deletes a directory and all its files.
Computes the minimum version of the cache.
Creates a dimensioned scalar field with the given name and value.
Receive notification of character data inside an element.
Compute the standard deviation of the data in the kernel space
} }
Add an element at specified index.
Create a multiplexer based on the provided data stores.
Matches raw name pattern of the given element.
Get default if the value is null.
Compare the last received entry with the last received entry.
Render the track and car
Parse a string to a java. sql. time
Choose an alias to be used by a server.
PDF of GEV distribution
Invoice the current value of the given cell
Parses the template and returns the parsed actors.
a c - > b a - > c b - > a
Write the whole workbook to the output stream.
Discard the current thread.
convert a leaf to an asi token
Write to the buffer
Register a file type with the specified associated extensions.
Parse an integer from a formatted string.
Parses the given XML and returns a security token response object.
Submit a request to the YarnContainerManager for execution.
Filters a list of items collection by level.
Returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than or equal to the given
Add a single symbol to the table.
Escapes any special characters in the string.
Get the number of elements in the array.
Decode a base64 string into a long value.
Returns the smallest ( `` bottom '' ) n values in the column
Calculate the total outlink authority score of a page
End print operation.
Browse a file or directory
Append a character sequence to this builder.
Set the page where the initial object is created.
unwrap the remaining data in buffer
Test whether an attribute is specified.
Check permission.
store password in shared state
Deletes a child node from this node.
float value plus zero
Await for the termination of the process and return the result.
Causes the methods of the expando s super classes to be refreshed from the expand
Set the canceled flag on the relation.
change annotation document state
Removes a given edge from the graph. If the edge was already present in the graph this method
Override this method to handle press of a long key.
Check whether a node has a descendant that matches the given pattern
Write a number of bytes to a file.
generate data files
Check whether the given object is a cglib proxy
Calculate indents for the current image.
Tests fix for BUG # 10630 - Statement.getWarnings throws NullPointerException.
Checks repeated boolean field equality ; null - safe equals method.
Bring an annotation to the front.
Add animation frame to the animation
Prints a code point as a string.
Cleanup the minidump file that was uploaded.
Start SSL shutdown process.
Creates a centered bitmap of the desired size.
Write package info.
Convert this event list to an array of event beans
Decode the attribute from the input stream.
Process an attribute string of type T_NSLIST into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved
Returns a deep copy of the results
Dumps a long value to the given string builder and returns the string builder.
type the special char
Test two objects for equality.
Returns true if the given mime type has an associated extension.
Returns an iterable of notifications that matches the specified range of notifications starting with the specified notification ID.
Writes the object as a JSON object to the given writer. The object is classified as a
Write an integer value to the output stream
Whether the queue is empty
create a point with given item
Paint bottom edge of row.
Emit the code to add a list adder.
Parse PEM encoded RSA key.
Produce a parallel publisher from the given source.
Calculates the next number in the recurrence given the start time from the given time and the number
Adds a single variable to the queue.
Canonicalize the given URL.
Read the contents of a file with the specified name.
Calculate the animation duration given the initial velocity and displacement.
Compute the square root of the vector
Determines the height of this view
Add < i > data < /i > to the buffer.
Returns the arithmetic mean of the vector.
Create a sprite and add to player state
Closes the output stream.
Create sync token.
a == b || a == null && b == null
Initialize the etcd client using a given directory and flagz directory.
close inputstream without a Exception
Test the random function.
Replaces all the occurrences of a character in a string.
This method is invoked when the user clicks on New Form button.
Canonicalize the type declaration.
Open other uri.
wait for all active and live replicas to complete before returning true.
Adds the specified element to this vector.
Check for null column value
Splits a file path into a list of file names.
Returns true if taxa are compatible with available taxa
Draws the given label text.
Determine if the model has map objects.
Executes the given actions.
Dumps the thread roots of the data structure.
Adds a field name translation to the given embeddable.
Calculates the minimum layout size for the specified container.
Check if the resource has changed.
Creates a Tel URL from a given URI string. The URI string will be appended to the
Creates a new SVM classifier
Restart the application.
Initialize and configure.
Returns a string representation of the current character.
Probability density function of the Wald distribution.
Generate the format associated to the codec name
Receive notification of a comment.
Returns the maximum element of the stream according to the provided extractor.
Find an object by commit counter.
Starts the underlying animation
Get the stacktrace as a string.
Split a name in two parts.
Inform the monitor that the thread is resumed.
If a transport with the given name exists its class is registered with the bean server otherwise the method
An example of how to update a bean.
Stop the video fading edges screen timer.
Removes the given event listener from the list of listeners.
Process a generic properties file.
Add a table lock object if it doesn t exist yet.
Returns a random element from the given list.
Updates the mapping to an immutable set.
Wait for the current thread to finish and terminate the async invocation.
Define a new local variable.
Returns a new connection to the underlying database.
Tell the user of a problem with the XPath expression.
If the mouse is pressed in a left-click area adjust the caret position and focus to the
Decodes a BASE64 encoded string. All illegal characters will be ignored and can handle both strings
Allow an anonymous function to be declared and invoked
Set the total key in the hashmap.
This method is called to print the contents of the list to the writer. It is used to
Compute the remainder of the polynomial modulo a for the given field polynomial f.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Appends a hex script representation of the specified character to the specified string builder.
Prints the bootstrap map to the console
Convert an enumeration to a vector
Adds a token to the internal token dictionary.
filter large value sets
Add tags to the message.
Loads the build number from the meta data.
Build a random left regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes.
Recursively add focusable views.
Configures the given url with the properties of this instance.
Convert number to title.
Escapes an escape character.
Process the input and write the final product to the output
Replicator runtime configuration.
Convert a double to a localized number.
simulate a method with the same signature as the original method.
Return list as a long array.
Updates the state of the menu.
Tests that the put and get methods work as expected.
list to string
Remove notification listener.
CUMPROD, opcode : ucumm, dense input.
Given a source directory and a list of module specifications that possibly contain wildcards it returns a
Creates a string representation of the report list contents.
Use the selector to get the issuer names
Initializes shard iterators from the checkpoint generator.
Creates a XADataSource object.
Convert degrees to radians with error of less than 0. 5 ULP
Add a fixed view to appear at the top of the list. If addHeaderView is called more
Return true if given path is absolute.
Initialize map for demand collection and rebates.
Get the i th specifier.
Creates a new shaped crafting recipe with the given recipe function and format.
Writes a font tag.
Write the given bytes to the encoder/decoder.
Create a socket for the given host and port.
Returns true if the batch succeeded.
configure http client.
Parse a file and return the result as a string.
Convenience method to run the suite.
Override this method if you want to use your own version of load method.
Creates a new transformation for the given icon. The new transformation will be a copy of the provided
Start the dequeueing. Returns true if the queue started.
This method gets called when a bound property is changed.
Asserts that the given objects are equal using their equals method.
Returns the flag names for the given set of flags.
Replaces any binary sql sequences with the current string.
Add indentation for the current level.
Add a fake view to the list. This allows the view to be removed when the list view
Compile a list of projects.
Print a contact info panel.
Resolves this promise with the given result.
Adjust the name and position of the node if needed.
create a snapshot
Save the current configuration to a file
returns count of items in the list
Constructs a URI from the template, substituting in the template.
Dispose a previously created surface
Writes the kanji resource file to the given file.
Creates a scanner that throws an exception with the given message.
Render the normals
Find all the resources that are required and hints for the given type.
calculates the observed value of y
Decrement the reference count for the provided ledger and return whether it was released.
Returns the number of nodes in the list.
tcp find connection by thread id
Estimate from simple characteristics.
Read repository meta data from a stream.
Check whether the given datatype is a primitive datatype like xml. uri.
Append a new line to the body of the text.
Process the settings when we are going to consume them.
Tells if the table contains the given node.
Persist new temp files to disk.
Add a new value to the timestamp set for the write.
Load the given unit.
Main worker exit method. Decrements worker count and checks if the current worker is still running
Finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream. Use this method
Frees the object. If the free list is full the object will be garbage collected.
Returns true if a binding exists for the given key.
Creates an internal replicator service.
Checks if an index exists at the given directory.
set the output stream that is connected to this output stream
Build the list of messages from the builder and return it.
Writes a short to the specified memory address.
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of the given byte range and then hashes the resulting hash again
Creates a new FSM and loads it from the specified URL.
Puts a new object into the trie for the given key.
Make an immutable copy of the current value.
Finds a library with the given name.
Remove a component listener from this widget.
Find fields by ID.
Checks whether the specified character sequence is empty.
Assert that the given decl is the expected value.
Checks if is indexable.
Sends the response.
Decode a base64 encoded string.
Causes the current thread to wait until the shutdown signal is received.
Adds a new connection to the dispatcher.
Calculates the Euclidean distance between a point and this line.
Convert the specified string to an integer value.
Add an item to the chain.
Update the simulation state view.
Loops continuously reading events from the socket and processing them.
Returns a list of all keys in the cache.
Instantiates a new dialogue recorder.
Generates a unique id for the current thread.
Reschedule all missed alarms in the given time range.
Adds a name to this object.
Perform an asyncrhonous min operation
Transition to a new state.
Convert a date to a string.
Add a test to the suite
Swaps the elements at the specified positions in the specified list.
Build ipt list.
Allows this closeable to be used within the closure ensuring that it is closed once the closure
Determine if the string matches one of the patterns.
Add a new server to the load snapshot.
add a leaf to the tree
Convert a timestamp to a formatted string.
Sets the content length of the response.
Draw the glow effect using a canvas.
async method to modify a lun
Copies this string replacing occurrences of the target character with the replacement character.
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values. This will delete all files in
Returns true if the given concept is similar to this one.
Sends the analytics event to Google Analytics.
Add a new tuple to this set.
Put a song in the adapter
Queries children of the specified type with a specific name.
Emit a map putter for the given field and the given builder.
Compares the specified object with this one for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
get the string representation of the tv show
Splits the text into a list of individual events.
Removes a table model listener.
Replaces a portion of the string builder with another string. The length of the inserted string does
Add a permission to a directory and all subdirectories.
The timeout task. Repeatedly calls reap timeouts.
Learn a device using the given characteristics.
Validates a type signature.
Remainder of division of two big integers
Check if action group has visible children.
Check argument references.
Randomize the weights of the network.
Save the pixels from a buffer to an image.
Returns true if the current file matches the specified file.
Remove a class from the src set
Updates the range with the given value.
Closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
Append a number of bytes to the message.
Check if there is enough space on phone
perform the action
Add an attribute to the current text.
Convert an old value to a new value.
Returns the string representation of the operand.
Records a dialogue state in the model.
Writes a unicode string to the buffer
Creates a new instance of the wps class using a specific connection
Returns true if the given file is a zip file and false otherwise.
Cleanup the pool and return the number of nanoseconds required to keep the connection alive.
}
Compares the current value with the expected value. The current value will be compared to the expected
Generates a 16 - byte seed with the current time as the starting time.
Override if you want to exclude a resource or not
Decodes a hexadecimal string into a byte array.
Creates a list of user namespace authorizations from a list of user namespace authorization entities.
Method to read header data from the file
The graphical representation of two texts.
Compares two fractions.
Clones the current object using the default deep copy method.
Determine if a point is outside the preferred size of a cell.
Add a source folder to the scanner.
Suspend srdf group
Calculates the smallest m = max ( delta * delta ) where delta is a positive value.
Creates a new unencrypted server socket.
Prints the bytes from a byte array.
native delete v
Find index of key comment in key comment list
Returns true if this cookie has expired.
Check if add to home intent is supported by the system
Initializes the store.
Annotator constructor.
Returns the next number in the sequence.
Get input stream from the cache.
Returns an array of two elements. If the title is null an empty array is returned.
Get the current selection as a string.
Calculate the ratio of neurons to the average number of synapses in the network.
Root removed from the system.
Inserts an object with the given priority into the queue.
} }
Wrap the given command with the current user and group.
returns a dml object for the given sql query
Returns the index of the given element in the level array. If the element does not exist in
Number of attributes in this record.
Consume a tag name off the queue.
This method will deep sort the tree based on the given feature sequence
Remove all listeners from this dispatcher.
Decrypts a text.
1 - D Correlation Coefficient of an array of integers.
Recursively add a cluster and its children to the hull.
Print service attribute event
Decode data from base64 to a file.
Evicts entries from the pool if the pool is empty. If the pool is empty then
Generate a random population of the given size.
start the session
Devuelve todos los datos de la base de datos
Check that the two arrays are all equal.
Append a single character to this Writer.
Inserts each instruction in the list before the specified instruction.
Create a new builder instance using the default constructor.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Processes the unprocessed text.
Performs a pop y operation.
Prints the frame number
Delete the attribute value.
Push the given attribute set on the stack.
Finish the scrolling of the stacks.
Add a new unbounded from range to the builder
Send the document back to the client.
Replaces all the occurrences of a character in a string with another character.
Returns the text matched by the current regular expression.
Returns the path with the given canonicalized string.
Creates a new in memory message exchange object
Advances to the next track.
Draw the bitmap with a stroke using the repeat shader.
Gets the value of the mqttDevice property.
start collecting lock files in a separate thread
Reads the object from the input stream if it is available.
Convert pixels to meters
Add a character to the buffer.
Computes the length of a vector
Creates the cache.
This method creates a panel with no initial contents
; } }
Removes the given photo from this user
Search for the value in the sorted double array and return the index of the first occurrence of the
compute the classification given the min score a maximum expected and an identity within the given range
Cast to an array
Adds a failure to the batch.
print the stack
Convert a set of categories to lower case and convert them to lower case.
load the server listener for the given key
This method uploads a file to the server
Create a ssl instance for the given socket.
Private method to format a node for printing
Unregister the given mbean interface
Write the exif data from the jpeg stream to the specified file.
Sorts the data set using the given comparator.
Returns true if the exception is caused by a region destroyed exception.
Add a value to the array.
Bundle out the arguments and variables for later use.
Setup video capture using the given work area and work area size
Loads all available users from the given cursor and returns a list of users.
convert string to date
Creates DOM from the given input stream. The input stream is not closed by this method.
Returns a string representation of the current value.
Resets the counter to the current value
Schedule a task for repeated fixed-rate execution after a specific time has been reached.
Sets this attribute s fields according to the given attribute value.
Copies the given file to the given file with the given name.
Compare two house numbers
Returns next bigger double value considering precision of the argument.
Returns the three way distance between the two keys.
Discards any whitespace from a base-64 encoded block.
Opens a new selector for the application.
Removes the child at the given index.
Split a line in two and return the difference
Paint the provided painter using the provided affine transform at the specified position and size. Handles if
load all files in a directory into the candidate module
Checks if a throwable has been suppressed on a particular class.
Write a variable size long.
Updates the data to be signed or verified by a byte.
Serialize this queue to the given stream.
check if the initiator is rp or not
This method should be called at the very beginning of the implementation of this class. This method will
Attempts to read a systemml configuration file from the given path. If the config path is
Returns a new instance with the given key and value. The returned instance is immutable and is not
Combine results from multiple reads into a single array.
Determine whether or not the current computer is a retina device.
Writes an object to the stream followed by a newline.
Set the resolve info for this activity.
Operation : [ < Rn > ], +/- < Rm >, LSR
End formals parsing and save the text if necessary.
Returns true if the next character is a letter or digit.
Extracts project name from uri.
Adds a new reference to the set.
Reset the second line of Notes area
Add a required property to the container.
Adds a new hit to the current pattern.
parse head rule set
Or for two numbers of different signs and the same first is shorter
Submit a task for execution.
Subtract two numbers of different scales using MathContext.
Allocate an xsqlda object from a row descriptor.
Sets the bit in the given long value to the given bit in the given array.
Determines if the specified string is empty.
Add scroll view listener.
try to get a new callbacks from the thread
throws IOException {
Translate java2 into a Java2D.
Update the traffic projections of the air map.
Log a stack trace with a throwable at the provided level.
Reads a character from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated output stream.
Decode bcd string.
Draw the background for the shape.
Adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value.
Adds a new layout editor panel.
Trigger wildcard expander.
Create ip interface.
Collects all the edit proposals from the selected view.
Sets the plugin id and extension point name.
Ensures that the namespace is set if not present on the image.
Returns a map containing the given entries.
Test the filtered classifier
Returns the upper case of the specified string
Choose a random index from the given proportions. The probability of a given number being less
check the width of a rectangle.
Group the components into the same parent. The result is a map from parent to list of components
Count the number of non newline characters before first newline in the string
span is the number of cells in a row that has the same value.
Overrides.equals ( ).
Returns a human - readable description of the security key.
add a claimed signer role
Write the map to the stream.
Sleep the current thread.
Restores the previous output and error streams to their current settings.
Calculates the bit - wise complement of two lists of big integers.
Determines the height of this view
Puts an array of bytes into this byte vector. The byte vector is automatically enlarged if
Wait for a task to complete.
Sets the action content and priority.
Finds the surrounding islands of a given chunk.
Write a function second definition into the given byte buffer
Calculate the gap for two rectangles a and b
Go to the next tile in the list.
Check if this system has a myomer booster.
Checks if an intent is available for a given action.
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngineTest # wrap ( byte [ ] a, int offset
connect to the remote server
Checks if the certificate is self signed.
INSERT USER ROLES
Find the set of words nearest to some word.
construct a derutc from a time
Adds a new value to the data set.
Rewind the configuration to the initial situation
Sort and merge.
Formats an object type.
Calculates the SHA - 1 hash of the given key store file.
Pan the domain axes by the specified percentage.
init basic pour controls
Creates an image icon for the check box.
Close the current window.
Deletes the entry for the given alias.
Sets the disjoint set to the given number of elements.
print all clusters to the specified print writer.
Add a button to the GUI.
Removes an existing value from the series.
Factory method to create a token stream from a string containing a delimited list of tokens with a specified
Trace a polyline to a network
Delete a file or folder.
Increases the size of the given array to the given size by the given number of elements
Encodes a given value into an integer in the range [ lower upper )
Skip the specified number of bytes.
Creates a new lock file.
handle tbl ds
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if no such key exists.
Handle a loaded event.
show a quick reply from the current message
Writes bytes to the underlying stream.
Checks if the configuration has changed since the last time this was called.
Fix compatibility issue with older versions of Android.
IOException ; } }
Substitute header value for a given state.
Create a new service.
Removes an object from the cache.
The list of users that the user is allowed to access.
Find a specific distributed device using device name.
Read a copy state from the input stream
Interrupt all tasks
Adds multiple params to the request.
Confirm overwrite of existing file.
Instantiates a new tv show update datasource task.
Finds the line number that contains the given offset.
Clear the selection.
Creates a new non movable array of the given component type and length.
Load a single file and all of its includes recursively
Assuming that the proxy is still alive restart the proxy if it is.
Add a message to the conversation.
Sets the key using the given hash.
Concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array.
Compare two ways and return the permission needed to access the given way.
Read some bytes from the stream.
Returns the size of the chunk that contains the specified number of bytes.
get the text content of the current node.
Start a new query not related to a previous query.
Closes the current log file.
Returns a list of the active interfaces
Clear the data lists for the given service.
create an edge from the vertex o to the vertex d
Sort a list of sequences.
Returns a new instance with the given key and value.
Recursively lists all files in the given subdirectory that match the given file kinds.
Create the edge of the button.
Release the resources associated with an asynchronous operation.
Run the appropriate test scenario for the given list of methods.
Creates reserve disk cache dir if necessary.
Indicates whether a method has been called on a particular resource.
Reads the id of this node from the given input stream.
map ints to ints
Creates a new criteria by adding the current criteria.
Creates a failover connection pool with the given failover configuration.
Override the default locale to use a different format.
Set the cause of the throwable. This method will invoke the init cause method with the given throwable
Creates a key for the enumeration message. This key is the name of the enumeration message and the
Creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode.
If bounded is true then add the string to deserialized set and remove the string from deserialized set
Paint the border.
Restore check point operator.
Reads a byte array from the stream.
Return a boolean indicating whether or not the host is supported by the proxy.
Creates a new command object.
Convert a chart shape to a screen shape.
Add a new window to be closed when the application exits.
Measure performance of the benchmark.
Authenticate the request for the given discovery information.
Sets the hash function using the given hexadecimal string.
Find the half match between longtext and shorttext.
Determine if the string is a numerical run.
DOCUMENT ME!
Add a glue to the end of the bounding box
Checks whether the given string is a resource reference.
This method blocks until all the nodes have left the ZooKeeper cluster.
Returns an enumeration of the members of this principal.
Adds a property name and as name to the select clause.
Add an interface to the class.
Cuts the string from the first index of provided substring to the end.
performs a GET operation against the registry.
iterator iterates over the elements in the queue and checks that the elements are returned in the correct
Initializes the authentication strategy with the given user.
Invoke the finalize method on the given object without throwing any exceptions.
remove tv show.
Check encrypt policy on the device.
Determines whether the given object is an instance of the given class which can be assigned to the given
Adds the specified object to this vector at the specified location. The object is inserted before any element
Calculates the age of the response that this instance represents in the cache.
Returns the array index of the given word.
Invalidates all switch points.
create a new vdc config from vdc info
osx instance constructor.
Predict the class of an instance.
Return the final result of the wizard for further processing.
Check whether the given attachment point is valid for the given switch port.
Fire a cluster change event to all registered listeners
Add a batched request to execute
Returns the RGB value for the specified pixel.
Check for carry.
Add a component to the bottom of the panel
Delete a set of files and directories.
Creates a temporary directory and optionally removes the directory if it already exists.
Emits the initialization of a parameter.
Read cookie from request ignore special characters
Merge this resource into the given result set if it is not already present.
Transferable string.
Creates a preview buffer
Adds a box to this box at the specified position
Create a position within the content of the sticky region at the given offset.
Pad a string. This method is used for the SQL function RPAD and LPAD.
Set the current transformation matrix to the identity transformation.
Add a listener to be notified when an activity or fragment loads
Adds a username to the list of muted usernames.
Parse the response and return a bitmap.
Overridden to ensure that the cursor is appropriately set for the orientation.
Return true if any of the selected widgets is empty
Writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream.
; } }
Replacement function for nextBytes
Draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far out values.
Is this the name of a java library class?
Filter a set of named objects from being included in the result set.
Check if the touch slop is set for the given child view.
Creates an end point.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Should have 10 resource locking and 10 lock tries.
Start an element. This method will not be called until the element is empty.
Return the contents of this buffer as a byte array.
Parse a string as a date with the given pattern.
Compress the bitmap to bytes.
Save template to file.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Add a composite transformation.
Modifies the specified hexes by adding water and swamp terrain if necessary.
Method expand2 digit number
Returns the index of the given character in the specified range of the buffer. If the character is
Creates a factory to create diagnostics.
Returns whether or not the frontier is empty.
Is this field enabled?
Calculate the variance of an array using the given mean
stash request user
Send a list of all locations known by the map
This method serializes the supplied text node.
Determines if the object is inside a soft wrap area or not
Returns true if this location is valid.
Removes all items from the list.
Moves the position forward by the number specified.
Move current position to the given index using the given priority.
Flush the buffer and set the offset to the next byte.
Generate a label for a pie section.
Remove a graph listener
; }
Execute a command without showing an error message.
Increment the numeric badge label. If the current badge label can not be converted to an integer value
Create a service configuration from an input stream.
Split sentence into words.
Checks if a list of actions is a failure one.
Add a word to the dictionary.
Deep copy of a matrix.
Check a tag for the given identifier.
Waits for a message.
Set the date from a string.
Copies a file or directory.
Specify the api that will be used to create the Maps
Read a number of bytes from the stream
Encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the default string charset. Unsafe characters
Tests sorting based on number of attributes
A predicate that evaluates to true iff each of the supplied values match the predicate.
Recursively delete a file or directory printing an error if it fails to delete.
Prepare sort keys statements.
Returns the experimenter of the given instance as a string
Prints the available magnitudes to standard out.
Creates a curator framework and starts it.
Add the cv description to the tool tip
Reads characters until the end character is encountered ignoring escape sequences.
Copies the given attribute set to an htm and adds it to the given mutable attribute
Closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream. Once the stream has
Update the amount based on the current total amount.
Tests the creation of a new instance with unique attribute.
Evaluate this XPath expression to a string.
Read the dex file at the given file path and return it as an array of bytes.
Adds a new update listener.
Run a commercial with the given string and the given number of bytes of output.
Adds a list of sub - trees at the given position in the tree.
Generate a while statement.
Calculate the inverse gamma function.
Initialize the active slots list.
Convert action type to intent.
Hide the key if it is marked as hidden.
Extract the MQTT token from the bundle and remove it from the map.
Is explicit all type boolean.
Reads text until the specified delimiter is encountered. Consumes the text and the delimiter.
Throws assertion error when invoked.
Returns true if this node is a leaf.
Check if the number is valid or not
Null - safe interrupt.
Serialize this object to the given stream.
Adds a new border and east to the container.
do all operations in all key - value store
Load a layout from the given file object
Track the specified file object using the provided marker.
Change windows separator to unix separator.
Check if a parameter with the given name exists.
Returns the amount of free memory in the given window.
check if the provided identifier is a valid sq identifier
Sorts the given list using the given comparator. The algorithm is stable which means equal elements do
Write the root block of the index to the given commit time.
Gets the value of the appendTaskName property.
Convert a string to a byte array
Make a random cache entry.
Find the maximum value in an array.
Returns true if the current element is a start element.
Read a long.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. Shifts any subsequent elements to the
Extract access key from s3 uri.
Choose a transaction operation and execute it.
Add boolean value to string.
Copy the elements of an array except for a given index.
Monitor a list of urls.
Calculates the union of the IP addresses with the given submasks.
Get a single vertex from the graph.
Atomically adds the given value to the current value.
start a monitor by providing the label and detail.
Computes the Euclidean norm of this vector
p - Empirical loss function.
Write an entry to a COS file
Sets the list of bitmaps to be animated with the specified duration.
Read a label from an xwaves label file.
Returns a copy of this set with the given converter added. If a matching converter is already in
Parse a list of objects.
Sort the map either down to the next element or down to the last element
Write the spatial index to a text file.
Compares a jdiff param with a reflection param of a specified type. The jdiff param
Generate random number of size n directly into num
Escape a string to create a valid JSON string
Write the contents of this stream to the given output stream.
Checks the Headings hierarchy of a collection of elements.
getIterator of elements
The mouse wheel moved.
execute a function and check if the function equals another one.
returns true if the offset and label are equivalent.
Load all workspace screens from the database.
Render the given node to the given writer.
Helps with error message.
Multiplies this matrix by a scale matrix with specified values.
Changes the visibility of the link.
Return a new geometry that is the union of the input geometry and all components of the input geometry
record the end time of request and update the statistics
Returns true if the user is allowed to kibana
Removes all items from the list.
Returns an index for a primitive type.
Load a file.
Get parameter as string
Using the trigonometric Unit Circle calculate the positions that the text will need to be drawn
Force buffered operations to the filesystem.
Expand shared names into a larger array of shared names.
Adds a request property to the request.
Update the member with the given time and client address.
Checks if ad is shared and not org level
Get the runnable that the counter will be decremented as a runnable.
When an action is performed we check for the command to be modified. If the command matches the
Serializes the object to a byte array.
resolve module pointer by module name
Adds a certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are used to find certificates and CRL
Creates a new instance of the nar class loader.
Gets the block.
Performs a type substitution on an array of original types and returns a new array of type bindings
check if the scrollable area is wide enough
Test to check if two filters are merged into the same document.
Edge which leads to another non-accepting state.
Generates the instruction to push the given type on the stack.
Creates a new extended text label for the specified range of text.
Returns a string of a specified length right padded with the specified character.
Check whether the given feature is supported in the given version.
Removes all of the elements from this queue. The queue will be empty after this call returns.
Reads a single quoted descriptor from the given substring.
Outputs the results as a csv string
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the
assign a number to a field using the id value
Writes an integer to the stream without changing the order of the integer.
Whether the circuit is open.
performs a list search of a given string
Convert a soap element to a string
Closes this writer and deletes the lock file.
Initializes the camera manager
Compare two objects for equality.
Write a boolean to the underlying stream.
Load a set of text files and train the model.
unit test for the find method with a limit
Use the default locale for the default format.
SVD pythag pseudo - random number generator
Writes a fixed - width 32 bit integer to the given output stream.
Add a cube to the queue to be loaded later.
Is object available now boolean.
{ }
Finds the largest message id in the repository.
Remove a change listener.
Get a copy of the current thread s request log and clear the current log
Decode a URL path string
Uses get meta data and asserts that it returns a result set.
Adds a collection of objects to this dataset. If the given collection is null then all objects are
Reset the current file list for the given log.
init compose state
) ; }
Parse a date from a string.
Sets the regular expression to match the specified pattern.
Execute a SQL statement.
Writes a byte array to the stream.
URL encode a nullable string.
Read currency from database
Parse a float from a string.
Create a new instance of a Java implementation of a Java interface.
Show password dialog.
Force out of memory.
Write entry to file.
Returns the enlargement obtained by adding an enlargement to an existing enlargement
Intersect this clip with another region. As a result, this clip will become the intersecting
Indicates if convenience get method can be called without an explicit cast
Adds a new waiter to wait queue.
{ } }
Strips banned code units from a string.
Linewise equality of two strings.
Log a warning with an accompanying stack trace.
Returns the full form of the given prefix.
clear password expiration warned time
Strips the language country and variant from the locale.
Append time zone information if required.
Remove all listeners.
Pads the given string to the left with the given number of characters to ensure that it is
Sets the flag that if true scores are shown.
Writes a char sequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
helper function for the kernel function
Returns a connection to the H2 database.
Emits a clear for the given field name and ensure that the field is not null.
Clear the map before recoarding
Add input method listener.
Add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list. If addFooter view is called
Load the driver class for the given URL if the driver is known.
Adds a document to the index.
Put a command into the table.
Appends the auto increment statement for the given column name.
Save the pusher app id and pusher url in the shared preferences.
Write the block light to the specified byte buffer
Execute a search query.
Returns the next token that matches the specified pattern starting from the current position.
Add the given duration to the statistics.
Paint background solid.
Adds a default value for an attribute.
Encode the product tokens.
Returns true if the metadata was modified since last publication.
Sets resource directories.
create a type for a class node
Push import url.
Create a string representation of the results of a validation map.
Sort the test suites by their test names.
Appends the events to the array and returns the new array.
Adds a marker for the given name and thread.
Replaces all the occurrences of a with b in c.
reflect member variables in final button
Test with a random source of random values
Remove all actions.
Tests if a file is writable. A file is writable if the file exists and the file can
}
Validate relying party
Rotate around z axis
Starts a service using an existing instance.
Wake up the worker if there is room.
Compute number of columns required to contain the given character.
Create an optional with the given value.
Configure consumer with given properties and topic partitions.
Delete the entry for the given alias.
Convert a matcher to a string
Translates a line by a given vector.
Reject the command.
Calculate menu margin
Add a pending ram to the game.
Creates a list of integer colors from an array of integer colors
Test config file property.
Generate the salt value.
Add a projector listener.
Select the next expression
BCD number writer
Add a message to the history.
Start the executor for the given container
Convert a string to a date using the given format.
Accept a reporter for a subset of the output.
Loads the latest extension versions from the registry URL.
Start processing given node
clear bit with a negative number
Compares two numbers of different scales
Reads a single character.
Cancel autocompletion.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Sets the proxy host name.
Verifies that the setter methods are valid.
Extracts element at current take position advances and signals. Call only when holding lock.
Generate a random number from a positive float.
Remove all text boxes except those on the excluded list.
Learn a device using the given characteristics.
Return the current level zero data.
Show the current version of ssh
Count the number of times a char c is found in the string.
Adds a color to the icon.
Reads up to a given number of bytes from the stream.
Searches the pattern starting from the specified target and returns the first match.
Validate preload order.
This method is called to execute the action
Removes the given environment variable.
Calculate the threshold.
Returns the value on the top of the stack.
is not signed.
Returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified filename separator or - num if the filename is
Check if a given point is in view.
Returns the unrolled bounds in an array.
delete a specific quota by id
Creates a new map of authentication headers for HBase HTTP Basic Authentication.
Add a new extent entry and the extent menu button
Check if the network is cached. If not return null.
Read a. xml file.
Is all granted boolean.
Synchronously executes the specified runnable.
Send the next message over the network
Add field for attribute.
Checks if a particular token is a session token.
This returns the root mean squared error of two data sets
Write this sequence to the specified byte buffer.
Create hash map for account details
Rotates the subtree so that its root is the new root.
Updates the radio buttons state.
Updates the moving average with a new value.
The graphical representation of a series.
Checks a class signature.
Select the cardlet with the given prefix and suffix
Add a root comparison entry.
Creates a new source object from a URL.
Test the merging of two servlets.
Extract the re from the polynomial
Sets the flag indicating whether to run the finalizer when exit is called.
Adding result id to list of results
Register a quick fix to be applied to batch problems.
Create a file in the directory.
Runs the test case.
The start of the document.
Get the dump of the current window hierarchy.
Register an observer that will be notified when a rule changes
Send a heartbeat to the heartbeat service for the current service.
Writes the message to the output stream.
Initialize the ssl engine.
Set the source to be read.
This is the parser for the named program.
set bit zero
Save a model in a file
Sort and collapse the spans
Split the data set randomly.
Removes a prefix from a path
Publish to an MQTT topic
Removes a child of this node
Create a stream that concatenates the two supplied streams.
Determines whether two strings are equal by comparing them using the framework.
Force authentication of the user.
http : //developer.android.com/guide/android_user_config_fetch
Handle a stop event.
The implementation for push message async
Write a value to a bluetooth characteristic.
Create a link for a message element
Scan a stream for files converting them to a list.
remove a given json element from the container
Send a stream a byte array
Sort the broker items.
Should we need to escape XML?
Set path constraints for the given test chromosome.
Compact the store with one index and check the data is consistent.
Is p2p loader.
Remove the sub trailers from the decoded string.
Advances to the next input stream in the iterator.
Convert bitmap to byte array
Inflate a short name into a full Java class name. Inflates the short name if
Register a warning priority handler. The handler will be invoked the first time a warning is reported.
Prints a string to the stream, encoded as UTF-8
Write a simple attribute with a boolean flag.
Use the attribute information in the attributes to generate a syntax description.
Write a buffer to the underlying stream.
Skips a member value.
Recursive method to process the child nodes of the join.
Generate minimal routing matrix from the current configuration
Take a request from the queue.
Converts a location in the grid to a column index.
Returns a list of files in the directory matching the filename filter.
Generates the DROP statement for the given table
Register all child listeners.
Is scroll amount out of bounds?
Returns all instructions which are somewhat relevant for the returned object of the method. The instructions are visited
Returns true if the node lock is locally locked by new owner id.
Attempts to move the current cursor position to a new position given the delta. If the delta
Compare two negative numbers. The sign of the negative numbers is ignored.
Delete left word.
Cumulative density static version
Continuously read in data from the file.
Generates a native guid for storage port from indication.
Returns true if paths are contiguous
Sets the string to read.
Add a field to run the query with boosts
Get current date in a specific format.
Initialization method that allows derived classes to override and retrieve the stream buffer size from the command line
Register a new sensor at a given position.
Parse a number from a string value.
Return the probe s next sample.
Apply replacement to the contents.
Construct a key implementation from a password and algorithm.
Returns a string representation of this object.
process a list of packages
Check if a new direction matches the existing one and if so set the expiration time.
Parses the given XPath path string and executes the functor with the extracted data.
Makes the given variable available.
Verify that the contents of the file don t match with the contents of the file.
Is media type supported
Traverses the dependency structure of the given JCas and exports it to a file in the
Fixes an ISO8859 - 2 signature to its original form.
Check if a network is available.
Returns a random string that is regexpish.
create partition key group entity list with expected partition values
Get the text as a string.
Register runnable to run in low memory mode.
Write this message to the specified output stream.
Extract the soft reference from the given object if it is a soft reference.
Formats a long value. For example : input = 1234567 / output = 16345
Remove a component from the list of contributed components.
Copies data from the file into the output stream. This method is synchronized in order to avoid
Write part of an array of bytes.
Asserts the state of the given backup status.
Handles metadata default tenant request.
Throws exception if state does not match required states.
Sort movies by movie set.
Configures a key value list parser with the given regular expression.
Poll stats broker for a number of messages.
Makes the supplied file acceptable by this filter.
Returns true if the edge intersects the cell boundary.
Update the overlay contents with the current look at parameters.
Returns the type name for the given type reference.
Creates a state machine using the given state machine definition.
Clean up when this object is no longer needed.
Populate the internal state of this instance from the given input stream.
Return a right-hand triangle of given height and width.
Find terminal by name
Create a new layout block and register it.
Modifies the global options map.
Escapes the given regular expression.
Allocates a new buffer and populates it with the characters from the specified string.
Updates the promo visibility based on the provided percentage.
Set the geometry value.
This method should be invoked after every propagation operation.
check if the target file exist
Finalize the common part of the processing and add all statements to the list.
Shows a simple gui dialog.
}
Walk the file tree of the specified directory.
Layout the springs with the baseline at the given origin.
Read an int from the array
Adds a property change listener.
Unregister a dependent preference.
Validate storage policy selection.
Returns a string representation of the Cobweb tree
Create an array from the collection of objects.
Returns a new instance of gradle exception with format violations for the given problem files.
Computes the distances between all nodes in the graph and the given root node.
Returns the current position in the input source.
Adds a frequency to the message.
Parse a header element with the given parser.
Returns a list of intervals that overlap the given interval at the given time grain.
Determine if the Expression is a gerund word.
Receive notification of a recoverable XSLT processing error.
Creates a new JSON API request
Run the test.
Download the tlog files to a temporary location.
This method reads file attributes from a file handle.
Add all the participants for replay.
Creates a new palette j that represents a checkboxes of buttons.
Assigns the cluster memberships to the given data store. The data store is not modified.
Convert the value to a string if it is not null.
Creates a new kernel with the specified values and offset.
Initialize work list.
Once linked the model is removed from the database. It is guaranteed that the model will not be
; }
Called whenever the tree is expanded.
Returns true if the given object is in the array.
Returns true if the version is the same.
Override if you want to change how the url connection closes.
Process a datatype complex type.
Push annotators ref to the stack.
Returns the compacted version of the system.
sequence a query entry.
Expunge stale entries from the hash table.
Returns a new list that is a subset of the original list only containing elements of the original list
Create a list of integers consisting of the given numbers.
Tear down after testing.
This method is called when an object is removed from the MapHandler.
recalculate estimated completion date with priority and start date
Adds a document type to the dashboard.
Checks if a table exists in the database meta data.
Runs the test case.
Returns the position of the next token after position pos in specification spec.
Updates the GL context according to the given Grapevine object
Calculate the HPD values for a vector x and a given proportion.
Check if directories exist.
Add a port to an already allocated context
Convert the message to a string.
Write a list of longs to a data output
Checks whether the given attribute is defined.
preloading stage.
Removes all elements from the array map.
Removes the key and its associated value from this map.
Test copy stream with full block.
Run the test case.
Convert an IP to a byte array.
Sends the reply to the client.
Add the necessary headers to the url connection.
add a selection listener
Print new line.
Returns the string representation of the capabilities.
Set the debug information for the client
Alter case.
Returns whether an ack is required for the message.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Adds a reporter to the list of reporters.
Draw the selection rectangle.
Construct a new exception for the existing exception.
Check if the initiator has connectivity to all storage systems in the export group
Construct a new derivation from a marked node.
plus with a positive context
Negative number.
Convert an OR statement into an index.
Create a new window for the given panel and title.
create a new Json object using the specified reader
Compress the input string using the Huffman coding.
Use a custom tokenizer factory
Compute an azimuth label offset from the center of a circle.
Add all values from the given resource bundle to the defaults
Display mode changed.
Extract methods.
Update the redis server address
Removes an item from the list.
Choose a random enemy that will be added to the battle.
Returns true if there exists a route to the destination block.
Sort the storage pools by their names.
Add overlays to the group
Creates a resource for the given path.
Returns true if running Jenkins is newer than leopard.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Escape a string for use in an XML content context.
Feed an input through the network
Searches the specified directory for the file with the specified name.
Compare the results of the control and cloud clients.
Get all elements that match the given XPath.
Attempt to create a context from the current gl configuration
Collapse the tree to the smallest row.
queue player replacement in thread pool
Removes a  vetoable change listener.
Increments the throughput of a stream.
Parse command line arguments and options.
Edit a bookmark.
Convert an array of 32 bit integers into a string.
Create the bounds of the element
Records a sequence of bits for a certain pattern.
Find method with list of parameters
Returns the index of the first character in the given string that is not a legal character.
Decode the contents of the buffer to a character buffer.
New minute algorithm to detect allocation requests
Add a respawn point to the response.
Load all the org access for this user
json. get bytes
Generates a certificate object from the given input stream.
Returns a pretty string representation of the object
Generate a list of rolling periods of the given unit.
Returns an instance of the counter associated with the given enum.
Add a message to the uri.
Run the test case.
Sets the mode of this cipher.
Expunge stale entries from the list
Run FindBugs analysis on the given resource and report the result.
Support for reporting changes for constrained objects. This method is invoked when a constrained property has changed and
Implements full backup to generate the final file tree for the current directory
Removes the connection list of the given tab.
Paint the rings of a range of rings
Converts all separators to the Windows separator of a string.
Translate pending bytes with backoff.
Optimize a trie by removing infrequent tokens
Installs the after handler.
Attempt to shutdown if the connection is still open.
Creates a storage entity with the specified name storage platform entity and attributes.
Display a line of text with a specified label.
Write a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
Asserts the creation of a new signer object with the correct private key and identity scope.
Invoke a static method.
Creates a new number generator using a pattern and confidence level.
Remove loop safepoint.
bind list item to view holder at given position with payloads
Add two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the second
Adds a new value to the series.
Method to return a date instance for a given number of days before the given date
Returns the number of elements that can be stored without evicting.
Calls the super method and writes the conservative approximation of the knn distance
Add the given data to the heap. The data is converted to a byte array using the java
Override paint to paint the row borders.
Add the label and field.
On track point start.
Combine a list of byte arrays into a single array.
Commit the transactions represented by the given resources.
Returns true if this worker can be spawned.
Compares the specified object with this id for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
Check if two offline players are identical
Add a field with the same name and value without trimming the values.
Returns the instances in the dataset without the header.
Returns true if the specified value is always non - null.
Removes the item at the given position from the list of items.
Simple method for accessing the action items
; }
Initialize a neuron layer with the specified number of neurons.
Returns the angle of the point p in radians.
Fire a neuron moved event to all registered listeners.
Creates an x509 certificate from the given certificate bytes
Called when tap gesture detected and selection has changed.
Parse the content of the specified input source into an object of terms ack type.
Format the string with the specified pattern with the specified parameters.
Set the Riak server name.
Count the number of rows in the table.
Attempts to derive the confidence value from the record count.
add a new value for the given name. The number of values to add is specified in the
Source a stream based on the format of the source.
Parse a string and produce a type from it.
Add a new limit line
Read the function and data from the input.
Read some data from the buffer and return the number of bytes read.
Inflate a string using the provided previous array and current array.
Convert the queue to an array. This method is thread safe.
Add legends to the chart.
Fetch metadata for a given table.
Encode this request header into a String.
Reads the next number of bytes from the stream into the given buffer.
Flushes the log to disk.
Creates buttons from a list of pages
And for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
Create a new workflow for a device specific export mask.
Checks whether this value is less than the specified percentage.
Convert an object key to a uri.
Read short.
load the projects from the database
Syllabify a phone number.
Removes the node at the head of the frontier.
Checks if the given path is a file
Compares the specified object with this attribute for equality. Returns true if the given object is an
Create a new embedded Zookeeper instance.
Creates a new basic condition for the given variable and value with the given relation
Read stopwords from a file.
Returns the string representation of the revision information.
Sets current barrier generation as broken and wakes up everyone. Called only while holding lock.
Filters according to type.
Send a system log event.
Writes the stack trace of the given throwable to the given stream.
Builds a distributed log multi stream writer.
Encodes the number as a JSON string.
Loads an image with an attachment from the database.
Adds values to the thread.
Adds configuration parameters.
Returns true if the trigger button was triggered by the user
Add all elements in the given array at the given index.
Calculate score based on number of play counts.
Removes the given scanning callback.
Paints a rectangular area using the back image.
This method will perform a simple sampling without blocking. It will not return until the sample has been
Tells if the given row is part of a page break.
; } }
Checks whether the character is a proposition symbol identifier.
Sets the output matrix to the orthogonal matrix of the right hand side.
Returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Returns the characters corresponding to the sequence of indices.
Truncate string to a given length.
Removes all transactions from the block starting at the given height.
Load groovy script.
clean dirty region
Sort by the specified fields in ascending order.
Check if the waveform was successful.
Starts the location service
Delete a resource configuration.
Called when the bus is moving.
Returns the size of the most recently used file.
Create the GUI and show it.
Generates a random float between two limits
Supposed to be deprecated
Adds a new Tracer.
Increases the size of the backing array to accomodate the specified number of elements.
Damage component by given amount.
This test is designed to run on an empty region at the same time.
Creates a new empty graph.
Removes the trailing number from the version
Query the inventory with the given information
Adds an object to the set of objects to be received. If the set is empty this will
Read the contents of a file. The file is always closed.
Wraps an estimator in an editor
Save the profile data to disk.
pull a map and serialize it with xml serializer
Check whether the resource needs to be preloaded with the specified key.
Generate a new challenge token for the specified address.
Perform type checking on the IR.
Run a task retrying if the specified exception is thrown.
If the value is a list returns an array of the same type as the value. Otherwise returns
Remove request from queue
Callback invoked when a heatmap failure occurs.
Inflate a drawable from the given resource id
Returns the offset of the given field in the object.
Add an annotation to the object
Write a byte array to the file starting from the given offset.
Concatinate the IV to the cipher text using the specified IV.
Sets the timestamp to the given value.
Provide a new material package with a generic tracks list
find edge in same direction between p0 and p1
Acquire probabilities for a string.
Resolves the given health issue.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within
test if a connection can be established
just need to add the unique values to agg set
Returns true if an entity with the given name is unparsed.
Flushes the stream.
URL encode a string.
Override process focus event to hide the popup when lost.
Add a request property.
execute a task
Serialize a type into a byte buffer.
Populates the submissions list.
Returns true if bit was found.
Advances to the next record in the file. Returns false if there are no more records
Compose a single component from two inputs
Write the contents of this buffer to the given output stream.
Removes a tree model listener.
Throws an io exception if the uri is not valid.
Add a named view to the stream.
Copy data from the given recorder to the given buffer and update the recording.
Clears the cache.
Returns a hash value for the specified object. In addition to the object s hash code value,
Adds the given template to the list of parse templates.
attach camera image
A function to find the minimum of two values, but ignore the na n values.
Allows the mlet object to be created before it is registered in the server.
Parse the input string using the given pattern and return the matching string. Throws an exception if the
Generates the source code for an initializer annotation value.
Creates a new byte buffer of the specified capacity.
Adds a new value to the series.
Checks that the given collection attribute has the allowed collections.
Put a string into the buffer without throwing a null value.
An external entity declaration.
Alpha controls the smoothing of the data. Alpha = 1 retains no memory of past values
Create a class descriptor from a field signature
Parse the response and check for errors.
Schedules the specified task for execution after the specified delay.
Draws an ellipse with the specified semimajor and semiminor axis, centered in
Overrides swap cursor to provide access to the new cursor.
Increases the flushing lock by one thread.
Check if the class is a primitive wrapper or a primitive wrapper.
Generate a native guid for a device.
Create a new secret keys from a string of keys
Create a writable raster that uses the same sample model as this one.
Sort the children of a node.
Return an integer with a Poisson distribution with mean lambda.
Check if a builtin sound is available for the given sound identifier
Returns an iterator over all registered serializer names.
Checks that the given string is a valid key.
;
; }
draw arc on canvas
Format a date and time for a specific locale and time zone.
Decode an array of bytes into a byte array.
Set the digest algorithm.
Merge sort. < p/ > Time complexity : O ( n log n ) Space complexity :
Copy the internal list of access control levels to the other list.
Copies the specified number of bytes from the specified byte buffer to this buffer.
Handle response.
Request a stream
Remove a view from the layout
Consume an identifier from the queue.
test populate1kbwrites ( )
Serialize the XML.
Rollback the transaction and remove the temporary file.
Parse a geometry string from the buffer.
write data to the send queue
Searches in this vector for the index of the specified object. The search for the object starts
Returns true if the current matrix is not empty
Calculate the destination image for a given UXF file.
On project event.
; }
Updates the list of visible ids
Traverses the graph and inserts this node into the hashtable for future reference.
Show previous notification.
Calls the super method and writes the flags to the specified output stream.
Internal method for adding a new input node to the graph.
Initialize the postgres connection based on the configuration.
Register an object read. This method should be called for each object that is read from the object
Register an extension header with a class name.
Merges this frame with the given frame.
Entry point for the keytool
Smooth scrolls to the given position.
Property to value 2.
Unassign services from a given identity.
expand the cluster to include density - reachable items
Get float array elements.
Allocates transfer buffers and populates the queue.
Writes the full lines.
Add a new payment to the system.
This method is used to register unregistered extension namespaces.
Remove all objects from the texts map
Delete display name.
Creates a new type from the given AST and variable declaration.
Closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values. This will delete all files in
Wait for the iterators to be cleared.
Add a lifecycle listener.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified path in the path list.
Destroy a volume
Create a general path from a list of points using the spline algorithm and a general path.
Returns true if the cool down setting is valid.
Convert megabytes to bytes.
Generates a new zoneset clone name.
. IOException ;
Generates a select statement with the given parameters.
Make the badge visible in the UI.
Checks if is uri key.
Receive data from the device. This method will block until data is available or a timeout occurs.
Add the given handler to the set of handlers. Sends a role request to the given handler
Send data to the client.
Sets this array equal to the contents of the given collection
Convert entity to byte array.
Add a command line argument.
Creates a new URI that uses the given namespace.
Calculates the theoretical covariance matrix of the theoretical variogram
Deserialize a file to an object
check if the segment is a merged one or not
Creates a cipher parameters for the given key specification.
add emojicon group list
Updates the moving average and computes the next update.
Should include boolean.
Generate the specified number of units.
Returns a new automaton that accepts the concatenation of the two provided automatons.
List data model change event handler.
Create from an array of values and a number of partitions
Reads the property from the given object input stream.
i ( ) throws IllegalArgumentException
Convert a user input into a filesystem reference.
Returns a stamp that can be used for resizing a table of size n.
Read a single byte from the stream.
Performs the HKDF on the given key pair.
Checks if the emote is on the list of ignored emotes
Returns true if the named property is allowed.
Read roster XML file.
Create a big integer from a sign and an array of bytes.
Calls accept0 on the socket mapped by isaa.
Transcode a file using the given transcoder.
Report download progress through the database if necessary.
Create a new DOM document that is backed by the current implementation.
Sets the grain for the specified core.
Respond to a tbl request by forwarding to a handler list
Draw a data point to the given graphics context.
Compress the set in a fixed chunk size and run it through the procedure.
Parse meta data and return meta data as an array.
Returns the field of the given name for the given instance.
extract a session from a byte array.
add the current dump file to the stack
date by ordinal boolean.
Is the given page in the range of this sequence?
Release resources associated with this object. After the object is disposed the object can no longer be
Creates a typed list from a collection of items
Sends an Aliases request for the given source.
Add a new table to the system catalog.
Removes specified listener from this configuration
This method is called when a view is no longer needed to add it to the list of views
This method is fired when the tab is opened.
Schedule a new task.
Add two objects together and return the result.
Parse a string into a vector.
Returns a string summarizing all the information of this node.
Creates a concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the
Initialize all objects contained in the iterator.
Decode a XML document into a data source properties interface
Moves the iterator to the next character in the underlying text.
Adjust the row heights of the table.
Gets a list of volumes based on a list of uris
Parse a format string into an array of format string
Updates the index column buttons.
Url for poi
Wait for decoding to finish.
Converts the wiki text to plain text.
Continues a multiple - part encryption or decryption operation depending on how this cipher was initialized.
Create a packed integer representation of the parameters
Execute an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Gets the value of the subject property.
Override hashCode so that we don t have to rehash anything.
Add a new action to the action list. Actions are executed in the order they were added
display the help file.
Store the location in the app preferences.
Returns the best or of the two best captures.
Compares the specified object with this list for equality. Returns < tt > true < /tt
Convert a json row to a string.
Removes a table from the database.
Check whether the given category is contained in this bug set.
Determine if the volume is a source volume for full copies
Tests the two models for equality by comparing the values of the expected and actual objects.
check if user has permission to see this entity
Test a successful quorum.
Instruct the context to request the permissions after explanation. The permission will be asked if it is
Pause thread for the defined duration logging any exceptions that are thrown.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Reads a number of characters from the current position
Reads a 32 bit value from the stream.
call a static method that returns a boolean value.
Returns true if the given program block contains an instruction with the given variable name.
Import the project with the given root folder.
Encodes two doubles and checks that they are sorted in ascending order.
Check if the class is registered in the registry
Load a class by name.
Blocks the calling thread until at least one operation finishes.
Returns true if the test geometry contains all components of the test geometry
Processes the xform and creates a json object that can be used to populate the JSON
Create a new endpoint that uses the specified URL and security modes.
Parse the next value.
The time series collection to use.
Returns a list of the given elements in order.
Allocate a memory block with the given size.
Adds an attribute to the current element of the DOM Document.
create a directory.
Fill ellipse array with the contents of the board.
Multiplies the range on the domain axis only.
Refreshes the due challenge counts.
Creates a new identity matrix
Convert an AWT buffered image to a swt image.
Checks whether the unlimited strength policy is available.
The number of live servers in the queue for the current process.
Add totals for each column.
Fill the stack trace.
Check if the specified file type is supported by the midi file writers.
Make the instance immutable.
Returns a random real number uniformly in [ 0 1 )
DS Configuration Getter
Helper method to increment the worker count
Make items to the bottom of the screen.
Returns true if the path is windows.
Process a raw character.
Adds a child element with the given name and value to the given element.
Whether the segment is balanced. A segment is balanced if all its elements are balanced.
Parses the attribute list of a page.
Read a file into a byte array.
test the streaming api
add a new term to the sequence
Switches the underlying output stream from a memory based stream to one that is backed by disk.
Removes the given interval from the series.
Rebuild the event list
Creates a new disk store factory.
Recursively delete subdirectories and its contents.
Copies count bytes from the specified buffer into this buffer starting at the specified offset.
Mark a rop as reserved for a particular category
This method registers the default resolvers.
Process authentication response.
Adds an array to the pool of available byte arrays. If the pool is full the array is
}
Initialize the list of acceptable HTTP methods.
Attempts to lock the order. Returns true if the order was successfully locked.
Put a RTP packet into the stack
pull a string array and write it to a serializer out
if there are too many commits with the same username the last one is removed
Set up a JDBC data source for a particular table.
Stores the stack for the given exception
Instantiate timestamp generator.
Reads the data from the url.
check if the current time is valid for the recurrence rule set
Create a new network.
Convert bytes to kilobytes.
Create a pending intent instance for the given pending intent class name
Returns true if the method is static.
This method will test a string.
Returns a version of the given string that has the line separators unifyn by the system property
Decrypt an encrypted key using the appropriate algorithm.
Set the plugin configurations for the given platforms.
Fill a view from a selection.
Returns the field of the given name for the given instance.
Calculate break position.
Convert to a shape tile
Injects the given content.
Is empty boolean.
Create boolean setting if not exists or return default value otherwise.
Method that gets called when an object gets disconnected.
Find wrapper for the given template
Generates a key for a new object.
Copies the elements of the vector to a new array.
Delete a file or directory
Initialize the regex pattern.
Add a line to the output file.
Update the attachment point cache.
Removes the soft wrap at the given offset.
Formats a number of digits to a string.
Truncates the string to the specified length if it is longer than the specified string. If
Returns a subset of the elements in this set.
Check if the legion is disbanding and reschedule it if necessary.
Indexes the given field of the given tuple
Iterates from this number down to the given number inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Parse the request from the DOM.
Read fully into the buffer.
Insert fullscreen info
Creates an input stream from a location string.
Add an item to the list.
Copy acl to share acl
Parse the XML data source into a tree of Nodes.
delete all entitlements of a existing user
Incorporate the signed properties into the dssxml element.
Create a channel selection.
Returns the mean of an array of numbers.
Gets the depth of the stack.
Run a comparison test.
Import file.
Return a list of file cos ids or an empty list if none.
Add a monitor task to the queue
Inserts a new node into a parent at the specified position.
Return the probe s next sample.
Write a file with the specified lines of text.
Verify the given chunk authentication tag
Guess mime type from extension.
Register a method binder
Parse the route file and return the parsed DOM Document.
Remove a dted from the manager.
Adds a file to the archive.
Read lookahead.
Split a vector of var binds up to a given limit number of times.
Initialization method for the urban sim zone file.
Called when the view is reset.
Add a task that should be executed after the current transaction commit.
Replace all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given replacement.
Migrate all entities in the migration.
Captures a different string for a given application.
Begin a new conversation for a child thread.
The graphical representation of the labels on the x axis.
Encodes a byte array into Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are inserted in
used for contains method
create new instance of elsa serializer pojo
Load a file or data input stream into a byte buffer.
Returns true if the type is one of the two slot types
Adds the given sections to the list of sections for the specification.
Consumes the next character in the stream unless that character is the end of the stream.
Process the logout request.
Two coverages are equal if their attributes and values are equal
Blocks until a file is accepted.
Add a list of option values to a list of arguments.
Checks if the current thread has an activity in the thread pool.
Start the scanner
Check if the url is a landing page.
Writes the row count of the table.
send a string to the client.
Init method must be called after construction and before any other methods.
Find by thrift id.
Returns a string representation of the object
Does the work of getting the path.
Sign the given content using the configured signing key.
Returns true if the next token in the stream is a matching character.
Deserializes an object from a byte array using a custom class loader.
Create a new interval implementation
Checks if the value for the given key is true in the given dictionary
}
Binds the given output stream to the current thread.
init the map
Returns the sample skew of a data sequence.
Returns the substring of the given spans starting at the given index.
cleans up when the chain finishes ( possibly early ).
True if this message has a delay.
Push boolean value handling for a single space attribute.
Close the dialog.
Create a new input stream reader for the given input stream and encoding.
Deliver a message to a specific consumer
Decode the specified message with the specified extension and header.
Classify example with maximum vote.
Computes a hashcode for this finite field.
Returns a deep copy of this iterator. The cloned iterator is not reset.
}
Check whether the private key to add is in the given key chain.
Adds the given byte array as a data element.
Set the rotation angle of all the planes in the builder.
write user registry
Returns the string representation of the given double value.
See specification GBT 18284-2000
create a new record from a json object
Get CPU time of the current thread
This method is used for inserting a new audio file into the cache.
Adds a condition to the formula.
Reads the remaining bytes in the given buffer into a new byte array and returns it.
Find package and class name.
Logs a message and a throwable if the debug flag is set.
fetch rp set of uris
read a namespace from a file
Compute the number of bits set to true.
de - escape a literal into the original string
Convert the cookie to a uri if needed.
Send a INFO log message.
Adds the given value to the list if it is not null.
Creates new form d
Sprint the long value of the given field
Replace substrings of a string.
Removes the listener from the dispatcher.
Start the daemon and loop until interrupted.
Clamp the magnitude to the range [ min max ).
readObject is called to restore the state of the SerialHandler from the stream.
Get the pred block index for the given source index
Creates a new lockable file writer with the file content.
Append the program description to the given wrapping string builder.
Decodes data from Base64 notation, automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it
Returns a url for the specified location.
Parse a value from a string.
Converts a string to upper case.
Update list of environment variables with given values.
Creates a new character class for each character of the specified string.
Notify timestamps to the corresponding gateways of the given event.
Returns the next token that matches the specified regex pattern starting from the current position.
Remove a node from the cluster.
Returns the message as a string.
Synchronously execute the command
Sets the minimum.
Emit data until the number of tasks in the queue exceeds the allowed limit.
Rotate about the x axis
} }
Scales a rect about its center.
parse unprintable ext codes to char handler
Determines the height of this view
Check if the id is null or equal to the id.
Update pending list.
If the specified value is within the specified range it is returned. Otherwise the specified value is returned
Create a new title and add the current version to it
Check if a network is connected
Removes the item at the given position
Calculate the graident channel for a given distance and offset
Add a startup listener
Quietly close given resource ignoring possible checked exceptions.
Run the task and return a future that is completed when the task completes.
Creates a secret key spec from the given key material.
Checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor.
returns a new js output object for the given module
Get the text content of each of the matched elements. If a node does not have text then
Adds a line to the comment stream.
Initialize this char to be read from the specified string buffer.
Returns the number of signers in the system.
Asynchronously executes a command on the system executing the command asynchronously
}
Check the given attributes for compliance
Update zoning map in the mask
answer invitation with status
Generate the x_prime matrix.
Returns the number of components in the composite.
Test with precision 0.
Removes words that occur fewer times than minimum frequency
Create a key selector from a string type.
Generate a sorted map of the tags.
Print a shape and its flattening
Shorten a class name.
Add a graphic to the canvas.
Returns a string representation of the method invocation.
Flip an image.
Add a property to the list of properties.
Initialise Google Analytics immediately so it can be used in tests.
Provide a prediction of the next turn using the time since the last move.
Reads a id from the input stream.
On enter element consumed.
Add a finally clause for a try statement.
returns the next object
Serialize a collection of objects to a JSON stream.
Reads color table as 256 RGB integer values
Updates the last modified time.
Add a key to the given keystore
Determines if the specified file needs to be reloaded.
Adds a repository definition to the index.
Disable all buttons in the interface
Returns true if the number is additive.
Write messages to the log
Add a node to the quarantine queue.
create column sort info
add a single feature from a json node to the feature set
Sets the bit with a string value.
Sorts the individuals in ascending order according to their marginal probability.
Writes the XML document to a writer.
Set the default executor for the task.
Determine whether the given method is a renamed method of a cglib method.
Initializes the logger and adds the message to the error bundle.
Returns the union of two arrays.
is state change boolean.
Execute the XPath.
Returns the largest ( `` top '' ) n elements in the column
Grab the class from the signature
Sets the current values of the counter.
Returns the number of nodes in this lattice.
Returns the next element in the iteration.
Escape the bytes in the string.
Repeat the current input list
Rename the class.
Handles the request for the corresponding view bean
ion exception
Returns the Euclidean distance of the point.
This method is called after all tests have been run. The number of tests that were expected is
Returns a list of challenges that the response must have.
Reconstruct an SSL session into a byte array for transmission.
Creates a new mersenne generator.
Verifies the timestamp of the certificate.
Encrypt a password.
Number of rows.
Convert a byte array to hexadecimal string representation
Wrap a proto in a checked message and compute the checksum.
Reduce the image to a given size.
Install a new builtin sound
count the number of filtered pages
Returns the index of the column with the given name in the given table or - num if the
Score a collection of tracks.
Returns the current time in milliseconds divided by the number of milliseconds specified by the timer.
Encodes a pair of coordinates into a compact byte array.
Stores the given long value assuming that value should be volatile.
Run a list of commands.
Draw a circle of radius r, centered on ( x, y ).
Prints a double followed by a newline.
Writes a signed value to the stream.
Map a byte sequence to a string builder.
add a new button pressed listener
Disposes the object. After this the object is disposed any references to the object are invalid
fill xml attribute from a list of attributes
Create property gui.
Copies a given number of bytes from the file to the output stream.
Deserialize kdb header from the given input stream.
Run the test case.
Whether or not all of the requested permissions have been granted.
Fetch charset from cache.
Renders a portion of the view s model.
Add a control roll to the flight
Processes the add on changes.
override rederive color method to rederive a color from parent
Converts an array of integers into a single string.
Begin to call when the connection is idle.
Adds a span to the cache.
Determine whether the given object is equal to this URI.
Repaint all the child components
Validate the DNS name.
Read the comment from the specified input at the specified index.
Find the next separator or escape char in the given string.
Attempts to guess the content type from the URL.
Extracts a single line from a CSV string.
Connects the client to the server.
Determine if the cache header is valid for the current request.
Show the active ivr zoneset
Returns an empty array.
This method replaces the non optional nodes with the ordered list of nodes and optionally recomputes
To string.
Returns a hash code for this Literal.
Delete a vertex from the atlas based on the type category
Read the contents of the reader and return them as a list. The reader is closed before this
Adds cache context to this context.
returns true if the annotated method is a cglib callback
Compares this named media type to another named media type.
Returns true if any of the dependencies have been modified.
creates a new irreplaceable image element
Check if the version is greater than the given version
Creates a data source using the provided properties.
Returns the locations for the given object.
center current item and scroll to center of view
Add a new meta object to the group.
Removes the word from the dictionary
Add two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the second
Adds the given item to the list of recent items.
for testing invoke all on a non - main thread
Add package configuration entry.
Closes the input stream.
Create block mirror data.
Start the coap server
Retains the elements in this list that are contained in the specified list.
This method is called when an exception is caught from an input stream.
Clear result and localization.
Convert a collection of objects to a string.
Check if val is between min and max.
Replaces the placeholder in the given buffer with the given parameters.
Returns index of element with matching qual selector or - num if not found.
Check if the given frame id is allowed to appear in multiple video frames
Parses the given XML configuration file and returns a list of the top level elements.
Create a TOC using the specified RPF file paths and output file name.
Post an event to the event queue.
Choose an alias to use for a server certificate.
Process image using bmp tool
The default path handler will be called for the given path.
Load the contents of the file into this object
Load ignore file.
Removes the specified argument from this command line. If this command line argument was present in this command
Determines whether the given string value looks like a type of a type.
Constructs a new pkc from the specified attribute.
Add a note to the database.
Verify that the given list of messages has no duplicate xids.
Adds the next node to the path.
Called when a property of the dialog is changed.
Reads a UTF - 8 string.
Add i to l.
Positions the top and bottom items on the grid
Returns the next token as a string.
Returns the current repaint manager for the given component.
Checks if the port is a recovery point initiator.
Check whether the given character is a valid XML character.
Write the buffer to the underlying writer.
Check whether the feature is set.
Removes a previously added clicking listener.
Adds the given section to the model.
Calculates the best position to wrap the specified text in the specified editor given the current tabs and
Adds all the elements of v to the end of this vector. Expands the vector if necessary
Read all data from the input stream to the output stream.
Add a new rule to this matcher
throws IOException ;
Processes the request until the given number of workers is stopped.
Convert a string to a list
Picks a charset to use.
Converting to engineering string.
Clears the map
Add a layer to the map.
Read all the rules from a reader. The reader is closed when finished.
Update the managed set with the given updates.
Writes characters to the buffer.
detect episode from filename
Creates a new typed operation that can be used to create an array of the given type.
Fire an event to all registered listeners
Sets the type of the preference.
Expunge stale entries from the table.
Determines whether the argument is any numeric literal.
Returns true if the descriptor ends with a character.
Decode an RSA key from its encoded form. The encoding is left untouched.
Convert a Calendar to a gwt Date type
Is client authentication boolean.
JPanel to create the image file panel.
Write a line of text to a writer.
Returns the layer child at the specified index.
Check if the current user has permission to modify threads.
Returns a function that returns the same value as the argument.
Trims the string and remove quotes from the end of the string.
Check whether a namespace is defined
Test user data handler notified of shallow clones.
prepopulate with value and title from res
static version of lastIndexOf.
Creates a new column with the specified number of columns with the default value.
read prj string from standard input
Purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected.
Check whether the user has permission to alter period converters.
Determine whether the given artifact coordinates are equivalent.
Checks the dimension of a matrix.
Import a single change
get the current line file out writer
Build a fuzzy query with the given text and the given fuzziness.
Remember the call chain info of the statement.
Start playback.
Throws an exception if the specified string is not empty.
Reset the current thread context
Convert an object to a collection of values.
Logout a user specified by the username.
Create an operation to create or update a network interface.
Facade that extracts the location and certificates from the given source.
Create a new broadcaster instance for the given address and port.
Close the file and release resources.
Rotate in degree.
Gets the contents at the given URI.
Associates the specified field number with the specified data.
Hide the border.
This method removes the transaction from the filter manager.
Adds a new observation with the specified weight to the data set
Add a tag id to the set.
Enable TLS for the server socket.
Orders the executions from root to leaf in the order defined in the spec.
Initialize the neural network with the given configuration
Convert an expression into a CQL expression
Define internal frame menu buttons.
Restore from existing clone
Remove a data source listener
Right str.
Clears all the name in the block which is not occupied and sets the value to the given
Unserializes the given data into an object.
stops the timer and blocks until all events have been processed
push a new template folder
Prints the nodes of the first node of the enumeration
Adds a new event to the simulation.
Creates a new ejb generator instance with the specified name and type.
Initialize the controller with a board and a state view.
. IOException ;
Add primitive type abbreviation to maps of abbreviations
Initialize the tree map.
Locates the replicator home dir.
Set the data that this message should be sent to.
Write repeated repeated sqr function.
Append a float to this string buffer.
Method to open a file using the string representation of the file object.
This method overrides the same method in the super class to ensure that the schedule is set as
Flushes and closes the underlying stream.
Splits the path in the form of [ a b c ] where a is the last element
Returns a random string.
Records a new deployment.
} }
Invoked if the computation completes successfully
Shuts down the SQL server using the provided classloader
Add a buffer to the end of the stream.
This method parses the control template with the given context and returns the final output.
Method that is called when a custom tag is encountered. Can be overridden by subclasses to perform custom
Write the JPEG data to a file.
Check for image servers in the system
Returns the current time in nanoseconds
Remove an extension from the list.
Figure out the namespace context for a given element node index.
Adds an observer to the list of observers. The observer must not be null.
The Euclidean distance.
Format the string using the specified pattern and the specified string buffer.
Adds a keyword to the set.
Release an object field for a given owner.
Converts the dashboards to DTOs.
screen executor
add group properties listener.
Edit global function comment.
Clear all the sessions in the manager.
Does the specified entry exist?
Returns the unpacked cmap.
; }
Returns a hash value for a variable name.
Process notification of the start of an XML element being reached.
Check type of section element defined by key. Return true this element is string
This function creates multiple partitioner VMs using pre - existing prefix and suffix.
construct the z - diagonal of a matrix using the specified index.
Test ant version.
Build the brache network.
Checks if the two sequences are equal up to the given index.
divide two numbers of different signs and the same length
Returns an enumeration of all the productions that have been added to this grammar.
Add tight source node to the graph
Checks whether an event is disabled for the given context.
Creates a new dialog.
Transform an array of points with no touch.
Convert an escaped function to the target.
Returns the string representation of the object.
Add a new listener to this session.
Convert a time stamp to an i date.
Prints a user message.
Connect to the specified socket address and port.
Checks if is access modifier.
Handles an append failure.
Finds an available size pair for the given camera and desired size.
Loads all available elements from the given cursor and returns a list of the elements that were found
Decodes a byte array to a string using the default character coding.
Convert all attributes to lower case.
Makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this method.
Create a list from the given objects.
Returns the next part of the file.
Gets the value of the multiLineTab property.
Compute the parameters of the distribution
translate data type from source vendor to target vendor
Find the global valley location of the given data.
Move down the selected row.
Creates a jar with the given path impl.
Shuts down the executor for now.
Convert a collection of file paths to a list of relative paths.
Handles the locking or installation of a key guard depending on the lock state.
Offset the start time by the recurrence rrule.
Rounds the X Y and Z values of this vector to the nearest integer value.
Implements the abstract method simulate method. It distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures.
Removes all elements from the frontier that have been explored before.
Parse the attributes contained in the supplied typed array and store the results in this object.
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Assert that the subscriber has terminated.
Assert argument.
Checks if a given date is before today.
Build the login ui.
Unmap a volume from scsi with a specific initiator.
Gets the value of the list property as a collection of objects.
Adds a quarter arc to the path
Parse the given text content with the given block.
Fill the given buffer with random bytes from the RNG.
Removes all scanning callbacks.
Consumes up to the specified number of bytes from the file.
Create a manager and register it with the management service.
Check that the shape is the same as the current shape and that is the new shape.
Returns true if the file is visible and can be read.
Appends an array of strings to an array of strings.
Deletes the entry from the underlying RRD file.
Construct a string from a byte array.
Initialize the scratch itemset.
Computes the bounds of the editor.
Reads the next chunk from the stream.
Creates a new cuboid from the given parameters.
Returns the log of the probability that the data would be smoothed with the given parameterization.
Returns true if this is a new message.
Install the properties for the current OS.
Writes the given double array to the current position and increases the position by the number of double
Loads the recipients of the given type from the given address map.
Checks whether the given filename ends with the given extension.
Set the lock time for the current thread to the current time.
Add a padstack
Clean up the state of the class.
Process the start of the content modeling.
Create an oval to represent an OMPoint.
Create an input source from a string.
Get root preferences.
Returns a string representation of a socket identifier.
Add a string to the tail of the queue.
Read string from file.
Calculate the x pixel for a given x tile grid x and tile width.
Creates a new input that can be added to a block.
Creates a new bsh class manager or creates a new one if the interpreter is null.
Call this to swap the current EGL buffer for the surface and display.
Request the last login time from the password policy.
Split the given text into a stream of words.
Adds an app to the list.
Add a constraint for the given field to the joiner
Remove you tube markup from plot.
Creates a dash array string from a list of floats.
Returns the position of the first record that matches the specified pattern starting at the specified position.
Loads the next N files from the directory.
Read a line from the stream using the specified encoding.
Check if a table exists in the database.
Parse a url with a colon.
check whether a string contains a delimiter or not
Compress the byte array using the defined output stream.
Asserts that the given service id is not joined.
Do the appropriate processing for CFB mode encryption.
Print text to the console
API to add connection groups to the api
Parse a map file from an input stream.
Add a line decoration to the view.
Parse the link title and return the text after the link title.
Add a single value with weight 1.0
Sets the closed flag to true.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Create a new warning context with the specified lint category and message and the specified arguments.
Create a new destructurer object.
Handle a request to delete a table configuration.
Returns true if this connection is healthy. A connection is considered healthy if it has not been closed
Add a new column to the table.
Initialize the panel.
Calculate the norm of the vector
Gets a string representation of the value.
Returns the hash code value for this interval.
Converts the maximal edge rings of a polygonized ring into minimal edge rings by
Removes an event listener
Update the size of the wave file.
Write the given journal to the file.
Returns true if the buffer matches the string sa.
Invoked when a mouse button is released.
Compute the maximum value of a class using the percent factor per series.
Adds a channel to the model and broadcasts a channel add event
Join an array of objects into a single string.
Determine if the given trait has been added to the current entry.
Create supply from a boundline and quantity
Returns the number of parameters in this parameter file.
Load the values from an XML file into the database
Add a new element to the map
Read the reference number from the file.
Computes the dot product of this vector and the specified dense vector.
Writes the bytecode to the main method.
Calculates Standard Deviation from a list of numbers.
Trims the array to the given size if necessary.
set bit to 0 outside 1
compares a date with a boolean
Decode a chunk of solutions
Instantiates a new udp.
Multiplies all values by a given value.
Checks if the provided level is higher than the current level.
Recursively compute all the children of a folder.
Return the file path with quotes if it is a file path.
Reads from the file.
Clear the current RAM map from the pool.
Removes an image consumer.
Check if the current position is a navigation at the bottom.
Update the aperture value and log it
Builds new invocation and returns it.
Calculate the mark of the statistics.
gcd with zero
Test king capture.
Validate all the expressions in a list and evaluate each one.
Parses a relative directory string and returns the components of the directory.
Pick an encoding for the input source and return it.
Generate a URL from the given parameters.
Returns true if the thread has expired.
display the policy options.
decode a 64 - bit stream from the given file into the given long array
execute a string as a script
Returns a real number with a Cauchy distribution.
Adds a job group to never delete.
creates the layout for the html document
Invoked by the read thread to read the next request.
Adds a field to the multi match query.
Write the basis to a stream
Signal that no acks are waiting.
Converts an array of integers into a string representation
Copies all bytes in the given byte array into the target byte array. The target byte array
Returns the distance between this great circle and the specified location.
Parse the manifest and return a list of the file splits
Read a number of bytes from the stream into an array of bytes.
Fire when an operator moved.
Removes a single individual.
Change the id of the current base variable.
Repeats the given string a number of times.
Wait for the next state change.
Pick the most likely node in the graph.
Remove all user defined fields and attributes.
Convert a string to an integer.
Find bounds of a node with given ID.
Signal all workers to exit and clean up resources.
Returns a list of all mappings contained by the current frame. The returned list is ordered from the
Calculate state transition percentage.
Mangles a method name.
Saves the current state of the iterator
Pulls a string off the queue up to but exclusive of the match sequence or to the queue
This method prints out the IPs in the defined list
Dispose the various codecs of the current session.
Calculates the number of transposition between two sequences.
Parse a JSON data structure from string.
Returns a stream of time series collections
Register a new mod from the given file and manifest
Arrange for a given number of blocks
Checks if the content type of the given message matches the provided string.
Create a X. 509v3 certificate.
A request is handled when the audit handler method is invoked. The request is forwarded to the
Checks all dependencies in the module list.
When children are removed all the undoable changes are undoable.
Checks that the given directory is writeable i. e. the parent directory is not null and
Returns a string representation of the instance.
Writes the object to the stream.
Receive notification of the beginning of an entity.
Checks if the given name is a Java keyword.
Extract import url.
Two collators are equal if their strength and decmp are equal.
Runs the test case.
rename object to array
Write a list of files
Creates a new instance of d
Invalidates all the caches
pull an array of bytes to an xml serializer
Write a list of strings to a file.
Cancel all requests that match the specified tag.
Draws a snap horizontal margin.
Subset a generic record.
Queue an operation for execution
Interpret a string as a number of cells
Transform the shape
Prints the string list to the specified print writer using the specified indent.
Initialize the panel.
Checks the revocation status of a certificate using OCSP.
For an alpha composite return the corresponding type.
Removes a tracking icon.
Finds all the phone numbers in the state machine.
Removes the parent from a file.
Check if two double values are almost equal based on a given tolerance
This method indicates the end of an element.
Tests that the fill method works as intended.
Enter a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket.
Calculate the log of a given value.
Upload a file to the database
handle the zip file creation
Removes a previously registered column handler.
Checks if the entry is empty.
Restores badges from persisted state.
Resets the touch time to the current time.
Adds an entry to the catalog.
Adds a message that the remote peer knows about a message waiting to be sent.
Push a new stack element.
Log a class'hierarchy with the given prefix and class loader
Add a gossip member to the cluster
Returns a collection of all log files used by the system.
Is case sensitive selected.
This method determines whether the supplied node is a namespace node.
Returns a hash code value for this object.
Create a sub config model and initialize it.
Compares the specified object with this polynomial for equality.
Convert from strings to a color int
Call this method in your Activity or Fragment s action method
Start a traversal at the given node.
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Cancel all the requests in the queue.
Returns the value of a specific attribute as a double.
Find the value that corresponds to this key. It finds only the first occurrence of the key.
Decode base58 string to a byte array.
Associates the given template with the given pattern.
Deletes the allocated nodes file.
Returns true if an annotated type has no prefix.
Tries to format the provided format and throws an exception if the format fails.
Get or create a logger.
Receive one byte from the client.
Checks all declared constraints in a given resource.
Checks if is valid imdb id.
Show the recorded video.
Write a list of coordinates to the path.
Check if the exception is an intended exception for the given class.
Swap the matrices such that the largest value is on the pivot
Can popup overlap task bar?
Creates a job for creating a cluster defined by the specified XML resource name and parameters.
Returns a list of the main classes found in a given directory.
Returns the string if it contains only valid XML characters.
Read values with the default charset.
Returns whether the given access is compatible with instant run access.
Append an array of as to the sequence
Sets the executor service that will be used to create the listeners.
Reads the object from the input stream.
Compute an offset point for a segment on the left or right side of a segment
Returns the element at the specified location in this vector.
Creates a list of QoS rules from the given settings
Convert a string to an array of octets.
Format the given value to the specified number of decimal places.
Flushes this cipher output stream.
Check if a string is of a certain length.
Create proper bounds.
Add button for clearing the graph data
Normalized Levenshtein distance between two strings.
Create the specified number of files.
Determine if the Expression is an animal.
Returns the unified version of the given line separators. If the line separators are identical to
Add notification to list of received notifications
Create an NFS datastore on each host of the cluster.
check the size of the array and increase if needed
This method is used to create an album with a uri.
Checks that the given substring is a valid internal name.
Creates shadow tasks for each capture session and enqueues them.
Return the unquoted version of the name
Checks if the specified player is the leader of the group
Redoes all edits that have an operation for the given editor.
Suppress warnings so that we can throw the original exception instead of wrapping it.
Write the specified protein out to a file.
Tests that Strings are correctly casted to other types.
Write the contour into a sptkl file
Start monitoring the current thread.
Find element by name in the parent node.
Construct a unary star function from a regular expression
Remove the given element from the selection.
Pass the mouse event to the delegate.
Print a formatted string using the specified format string and arguments and flush the output stream.
Transform source xml into target.
Tests comparison of attributes before elements.
Add suffix.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Close the current selector
Returns the value of subtraction of the two numbers.
Set the required attributes.
show the history dialog
Returns the number of elements in this queue.
Reads the data from the stream.
Construct a streamable that contains a single value extracted from the supplied publisher
Create a connection with the specified handler and prototype.
Decode a bitmap from the network response.
Find a notification by id.
Computes the gradient of max filter.
Write a simple histogram from the distribution matrix to a file.
Returns a new completion stage that is the dereference of the given stage.
Add a character and a number. The left + right side of the number is used to calculate
If the specified string is null or empty returns the specified string. Otherwise returns the specified string.
Removes the first instance of the specified element from the queue.
add single fragment to adapter
Splits the given string into lines of the given maximum width and adds them to the given
Allocates a direct float buffer and populates it with the vertex data.
Publish to an MQTT topic.
Cleans a directory without deleting it.
Subband filter an image using a weighted matrix.
Move a file to a directory.
Load the security properties from a file.
Closes an input stream and ignores any resulting exception.
Deletes scan files to reduce memory consumption.
Starts the process defined by the given builder and checks that it returns the given output and error
start file based merge
Called when text was inserted into the text area.
Constructs a new exception with the specified message and the parsed character sequence and the error index.
check whether two components are parallel siblings or not
Reads an object from the input stream
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same number. The first number is positive and the
Format an integer as plain text.
Checks if a given date is today.
Starts the port.
Sprint the given double field to the end of the sprint
Convert yuv image to bitmap
Parse a double value from a string representation.
Tells whether or not the given feature is supported by this node.
Find a matching target port and assign the port number to it.
Return the next event in the sequence.
Append the polygon to the buffer.
Update a combo box with the track list.
Set whether the session should be transformed to include projects.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Open compare editor.
Add a resource to the list of loaded resources
Checks whether a string is a numeric literal.
Encode the string as a byte array using the default encoding.
Atomically adds the given value to the current value.
Get the current time in the given unit.
Appends the key and value pair to the given list if the value is non - null.
Creates a new properties instance from the given input stream
Calculates the weight of a plan.
Checks whether the given filename ends with one of the given extensions.
This method is called when a value is selected from the table. It finds a value in the
Creates a new directory in ZooKeeper.
Calculate the log of a given value.
Raises the X Y and Z values of the given vector to the given power.
Receive a response datagram packet from the server.
Convert degrees to RGB values
Sets the mapper function for naming the state.
Test fill using an array of booleans.
Adds the entire collection to the queue.
Format string.
Get resource name string for the default resource
Update combo boxes when load change event occured.
Gets the current value of the cell.
Join an array of named values with a separator
Returns the source class for the given attribute. If the attribute is nominal it returns the maximum index
) ; }
send request to specific group
Serializes Cookie object into String
Skip the specified number of bytes.
Resume animation
Subtract two numbers of different scales using negative scales
; }
Construct the panel with the given connector and panel.
Tell if a function is available.
Allocates sections to be filled with new maze sections.
Determines if the cache should be refreshed.
Returns a random byte array of the given length
Calculates the distribution of values for the given attribute number for the example table column.
Removes the extension from a file name.
Delete the key.
Normalize a data frame. The resulting data frame will have values between min and max inclusive.
Checks if a given scheme is a socket scheme
Add leaf to the spatial tree.
Adjust the block listeners for the given range by adding and removing block listeners.
Encodes a byte array into a hexadecimal string.
Clamp a size to fit within a maximum.
Transport layer for TCP traffic.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded byte array.
Draw a face of the model in the given direction
Add a file alteration observer.
Compute logarithm of one number.
Adds the given number to the end of the program. Subclass can override this method if you
Creates an instance of an object using the class name as the class loader.
Add a new action to the action list for this phase.
Creates a new polygon from the given three points
Read json.
Waits for an element to not be present.
Assert that this future has been terminated.
Is url part a vimeo url
Returns true if the task was cancelled.
Push a list of subcontexts onto the stack.
Update the downloaded files
Dump the current configuration interface options to the log.
Parse a language resource into a json node tree.
The start states for each character in the source string.
Removes a container and cancels the request if the container is empty.
Creates a kernel function from the given points
Returns a clone of a serializable object.
Check if there are more than 3 points in the polygon
Sets the name of the entry.
Run a test with just a statement.
Read a Gaz dictionary from the specified file. Each line in the file contains one word per
Add a vertex to the graph if it is not already part of the graph
Create view to model
The files to include in the build output.
Is operating system a mac?
Checks if the throwable is assignable from the given set of throwables.
Returns null if there are no messages to send
Prints an integer to the stream.
Mines the learners and learns a map of item sets to their confidence.
Checks if is all letter.
Converts a character to an integer. Throws a DSSException if the character is not a digit
Load a shared library.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Create a big integer from a sign and an array of bytes. The sign is used as the
Save the key to the given key store.
Adds a filter to the or query. Filters in the order in which they are added will
Send a DEBUG log message.
Update the statistics entry.
Test constructor with file and properties.
Returns the string representation of the current object.
Split traces with a keep point on adjacent lines.
This flips a section of a byte array.
The source to execute.
Add users to the configuration.
Attempt to acquire the eviction lock and apply the pending operations up to the point where they are
copy file to directory.
Encode a properties object into an encoded string.
Generate an RSS feed.
Tests the sorting of elements by name.
Recursively delete a directory.
Parses a string to a timestamp with the given format and timezone.
Returns true if the current character is a legal new hunk.
Clear all values from the multimap.
read chars and get a hash map for it
Convert string to byte array
Plays the file for the given user.
Causes the current thread to run all finalizers after the system exits. Use this
Returns the estimated intervals for the given confidence interval.
Searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator.
Check file with SHA hash.
Add a value name.
Add a new border to the existing borders.
Convert a char to a name.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
Draws the plot in the specified area.
Add a hole to the polygon.
Register all the components in the eclipse runtime.
Initializes the given ops type and adds it to the manager.
Skip the specified number of bytes.
Compute a 64 bit hash using the SHA - 1 hash algorithm.
Create a new create sub command handler.
prepopulate with value and title from res
Read figure or line element.
Adds the items to the list.
Check whether the call type has been set.
Finds the source and maps it using the mapper
Create a new j command with the specified style and list of extensions
Load metrics from the vnx unity storage system
Reads a signed 16 bit value from the current position in this file. Blocks until two
Create a replication job to copy a partition.
Main method for this class.
Find orders matching a set of conditions
Is file exist boolean.
Find a pronghorn stage given an ordinal position of the path
Return the T - test for a given covariance and standard error.
Run all the bootstrappers in the order they were passed in
Check the id of the index header. Throw an exception if the id is incorrect.
Serialize the histogram to a byte array
Save the current buffer to the specified name
Schedule storage for a particular varray and storage system
Returns a list of all the paths relative to the given base dir
Tells whether or not the given string is a file specifying a module.
Insert expected pool settings per tier.
Transfer all data from the source stream to the destination stream.
Returns the index of the path element at the given level.
Attempts to read more data.
Adds a numeric class to the cluster.
Parse groups.
Drag gesture recognized.
Checks whether a character is an identifier helper char.
Adds a header line to the header.
Loads an address value from the database.
Encode a string using the URL encoding.
Appends the parameters to the url
This method should not be called directly.
Guess mime type from file name.
test advance over all terms with different scorers
Returns true if the access flags include the public bit.
Check consume or release.
Override this method to create a transferable which can be used in subclasses such as i18n
Writes a number of bytes to the output stream.
Adds a generic font with the given family name.
Write a unique reference for the object value.
Parse the data token stream.
Checks if the cluster is empty.
Format the date using the specified formatter.
Convert class name to dotted class name.
Creates new form d
Play next video in playlist
Invoke a method.
Add a collection of nodes to the NodeSet.
Creates a new instance of the rotate stream at the specified path.
Clean up the history of numbers up to the maximum allowed number.
Process styled attributes.
Log a message with the specified template and status code.
Translate a string.
This method should be implemented by subclasses to provide their own version of a load mechanism. Default implementation
If this number is NaN or its value is equal to a boolean then return false.
Return a boolean value corresponding to the specified string. The strict parsing of boolean values is defined in
Check if the event has a specific feature set.
Format this date and time using the given formatter.
Initialize the source code map.
Returns the upper triangular factor.
Subclasses can override this to provide custom duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field of the specified object has already been visited in the current traversal of the
Removes a download from the completed list.
add shingled phrase queries.
Get the ID of this attribute as an XML string.
Creates a new snapshot.
Stores a new log file in the storage.
Merge two sets of properties together. Only keys present in both sets will be merged.
Delete the preferred language from the delete data.
Called when media player is prepared to play.
Parses a single parameter.
Skips specified number of bytes of input.
Adds all players that are within a radius of a certain position
Creates an ecdhe object from a supported curve id.
Adds a header to the message.
Get the value as a string.
Recreate workspace table.
Executes a N1QL statement with named parameters with values.
End all tags.
Receive notivication of a entity reference.
Links node as last element or returns false if full.
Draw a divider for the given child in the given bounds.
Initialize the form spec with the default values.
Decode a list of objects from a stream using the specified parser.
Writes an integer to the given output stream
Writes an double field value.
Calculate the next creature to be spawned or null if there are none.
This method is called before the rest of the process is run.
Delete a trait from the given entity
Adds the given tables to the model.
Write a file from a template and write the result to a writer.
Clear the cache. If the cache is already loaded this will return false
Searches for the index of the given item.
Adds a parameter to the request.
Do the actual work of the task.
Run a full import using the Solr query syntax.
Get a user id from a given range.
Starts the consumer.
Generates a binary operation flags.
Is the current cell a movable label?
Write a type list.
Load config from resource.
Close a stream logging any exceptions.
Creates a new transaction.
Skip characters.
Convert package name to path.
Returns whether this map contains the specified key.
Returns true if the given fragment is null or if there are no fragments left.
Double the capacity of the hash table.
Load pois from assets and save them to the respective files.
Create an element and append it to the parent element
Checks if a tag has been seen a specific number of times.
Change the value of a variable operator.
Add a header to the message.
Checks for a duplicate request in the queue.
Check if view is hidden.
Recursively delete a file or directory.
Does menu bar border tool bar?
Construct a node in the result tree. This method is overloaded by xsl : transform.
Create a priority queue from a word - > tf map.
Iterates through the given object stream object by object. The stream is closed afterwards.
Print an exit status based on the current mode.
Calculate the distance between two points in meters.
Process the challenge data.
Calculate a value of order p raised to power q.
Returns a new m that is one more than the original
Add an undo event.
Establishes the cache if needed.
Append a text to the current span.
Validate a password using a hash.
Get the list of current snapshots for a given repository.
Add a certificate to the certificate holder.
Multiply two numbers of different length and different signs. The first is positive.
} }
Draw the background of the tab.
Build a daciuk automaton from the given hash
Calculate the range of values in the given dataset that lie within the bounds of the dataset.
shutdown the server and return the shutdown message
Returns the number of threads in the process.
Assigns the specified role to the user.
The default thread factory is used.
Description of the Method
Returns a base64 encoded string for the given parameters. The number of characters that are not part
Tests the use of single resource locking with serialized low concurrency.
Run the next command in the queue.
Stop the server and close all connections.
Load a document from the given XML file.
divide two numbers of different types and see if quotient is correct
Remove an annotation from the list.
Copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character.
Implements the same behavior as the touch utility on Unix. It creates a new file with size 0
Add a callback that wraps another callback.
This method is called when a cell in the table is selected
Add two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first is positive and the second is
Add a class annotation.
Throws an illegal format exception with a message containing the given format.
Parse an upper case map.
Repeatedly remove entries from the queue and remove the corresponding entry.
Create a zip file with the specified number of entries with the specified size.
Checks if a playlist name is valid
Process the xml file in the given directory and set the properties on the given context.
Adds or removes a row to the log.
Build default digest method type.
Creates a set of sampled vertices from the given vertices.
Instantiates a new gremlin transaction manager.
Shift all the beans in the flow to the given bean instance.
this method is called in background to retrieve data from the positions table
Make the assumption that all the nodes in the tree are of the correct type.
Implementation of the TextListener interface.
Sets the current application environment.
Creates a new instance of the producer.
Add a tab to the foreground.
Returns true if the function to check is allowed.
Load all org access for this user
Close the cache
For a given export mask create a map of uri to unassigned volume
Closes this socket.
Returns the largest of the two arguments.
Gets the output and error streams from a process and waits for them to appear. The process
Add the given arguments to the command line.
Returns matching node or null if none. Tries to search using tree comparisons from root but
Draw the axis state.
Read the contents of a list of URLs
Create a random color
Parse a category string and return a pair of diagnostic kind and whether it is a fixable diagnostic
Process method for legacy mode.
Creates a new sptk file contour from the data in lf0.
Cancels the request and cleans up.
Add a new CSP listener.
Print wrapped text in the given print stream.
Remove a range of mappings as a batch.
Check nullability of a result set.
Compute bounding boxes for all the contours.
Add a timeline.
Load LOB from the file system
Paint the component using the UI delegate.
Returns a new list containing a copy of the elements in the specified array plus the specified extra capacity
Sends an event to all listeners.
Updates the given values for the given keys.
Load the data from the given x509 extension set
Delete the provided addresses from the delete result.
Set the limit.
Checks if the file with the given name exists
Skips characters. Returns the number of characters that were skipped.
static init ( ) { }
Attempts to convert the given string to a file name using the default charset.
Copies a file from a url.
Update the deltas based on the supplied deltas.
Create an auth configuration.
Remove trailing or leading whitespace from the specified text and place the result in the supplied span.
The classifier tip text for this event.
Creates a writable raster that may be part of this one. The raster is specified by the rectangular
Sends the buffer to the client.
This method is not thread safe and should only be called from the event thread
Attempts to find the best file to open given a list of files.
Test two strings for equality optionally ignoring case.
Execute a list of commands.
Populate an existing blob with the given data.
Remove a file from the observer list.
Make this result immutable from this point forward.
Only append the string if it is not null.
Clears all mappings from this map.
Adds or updates a favorite radio station depending on the current radio station type.
Adds all of the elements in the specified collection to this collection if they are not present in the
Saves the current analysis of the analyzer to the specified file.
Returns an iterator over the dependencies of this capability set. The elements are returned in no particular order
Parse an integer from a string.
Parse a header from a character buffer
Makes a date String in the given format
Execute with back off.
check server response code.
Add a resource source to the list of registered resources.
Commit changes to the display.
Connect to the target.
the generic motion event
Add a target class to the context.
Method edit element.
Create a new instance of < code > fp < /code >
convert a org. w3c. dom. Document to a String
Return the area of triangle ABC. The area is positive if the triangle is counterclockwise.
Simple serializability step.
Remove empty elements from list
Searches the specified collection for the minimum element.
Create a heartbeat server.
A null - safe to string conversion
Starts the find club dialog
Build a PDF from an array of bytes.
Convert an iterable of inet addresses to an array of strings.
Show profile info for the authenticated user.
Start smooth moves.
Updates the price lists of the given product.
check one module dependency
clear bit for 1 big integer
De - serialize the funnel
Appends the parameter to the parameter descriptor
Add a catch clause to the method.
Stream the given bytes to the browser.
Mark an object as unlocked.
Fetch orders from the buffer
Ensure schema agreement.
Clears the stack.
Store a new sprite store.
Returns true if this block has more work than the other block.
Throws an exception if the current token is not a character.
Checks if the url is a jar url.
equals tests equality against another object.
apply the timestamp parameter to the current statement
Implementation of the accessor method defined in JSR289 spec.
Stop recording time.
add a row to the sort buffer
decode the base 64 encoded String data
Returns the address of the stack frame that this thread is in
An implementation of the path walk function.
Is mime type image.
Represents the main content of the dialog as a centering rectangle.
Measure item size in bytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
Returns the absolute value of this matrix.
Remove an attribute.
Take a snapshot of the given camera ID and store it in the camera preview texture.
Parses the exception option.
Rotate an image by 180 degrees
update finantare with cost
Display the current calendar.
Create a new LineString using the current LineString instance and the supplied coordinates
Trims an array to be exactly the target a size.
Do not use -- for internal use only.
Check if a connection to the event is allowed.
Subtract the specified number of flakes from the end of the flake list.
Process the bytes using the underlying cipher.
Return true if the given resource name is required for the given realm.
Strip files from a set of input and output files.
MACRO for Math and Mathematical Support
Create an Authority Key identifier from a certificate.
Open jar file.
Removes all email from the list of emails
javax. net. ssl. SSLEngineTest # unwrap ( byte [ ] buffer, int offset
Create a new pw object with a specific token.
Determine if a character is a letter. Synonym for 'is letter '.
Call the visitors method for each expression in the vector.
Creates a link with the given URI and label.
Checks whether a given token is a valid expression.
Destroys the Huffman tree by removing all references to the root node
Create a new uri from a file object.
Processes a request to play a file.
Performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator.
Finish the Huffman encoder by flushing the internal output stream.
The what can go here given a starting state
Removes the given value from the collection associated with the given entry.
Sets the cache and algorithm.
Marshall an object to the JSON stream.
Initialize the input events.
Whether any of the associated writers support the given file type.
Computes the Window NAF for the given bit distribution.
Maps a collection name using the collection rules and the default collection append value.
Fill uniformly distributed integers in the range [ min max )
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Find the nearest fetcher that is stopped and record that it was stopped.
Checks if the given name is equal to this name. The comparison ignores case.
Draw the range markers for a particular dataset.
Decrypt data by password
Zoom in on the current mouse position.
Returns whether the pooled connection should be closed.
Calculate the HSL components of the color
Shutdown the application waiting for the specified number of milliseconds.
Indicates whether this pool is unused.
Changes the current directory to the specified name
Remove quotes from the column name and replace with empty string.
Returns true if the user has scrolled up.
Refills the input buffer.
Performs a search and returns a list of documents that match the query. This is a convenience
Write the list end.
Return a list of elements that have the given names as a child of the given element.
Returns a required number of random bytes.
Get the number of arcs tip text
List all jobs for a given cube.
Converts the polynomial to a binary representation.
Attempts to open a fallback input stream.
Adds a listener to the set of listeners.
deprecated method return null ;
Tests to see if the result of the method is a currency.
Variant of the encode method that takes a byte buffer and returns a string containing the encoded buffer
date. equals ( ) with timezone offset
Parse id from same document uri.
Mark the space as in use.
Build a Cholesky decomposition from a Huffman tree
Read a string from memory
Shifts right an array of integers.
just need to add the unique values to agg set
Remove a legion member from the database
This method will print the buffer to the underlying stream if necessary.
Is there a baf associated with the method in this class?
Removes all characters from string that are listed in retain chars.
Remove the least used connection from the pool.
Find the index of the element that is larger than x.
cleans the schedule by removing stops without departures and routes without empty lines with departures and
Test whether two relation agree.
Take a list of patches and return a textual representation.
Close the current output stream.
this method validates the sort size property in number format if the sort size is less than the
Finish the painting process and draw the resulting image.
Delete the panel.
Perform an average operation
Returns the next token. The token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that
Creates a new html document.
string representation of the header.
Parse a macro from a file.
Delete Es from the system
Add a new part to the message. This method is thread safe.
Terminate the fsync service and wait for it to terminate.
Finds the farthest location from a given location that matches the given direction.
Computes min sample size for an image size.
Creates the split pane.
Do not mutate the chain. Just return it.
check if the system is up and running
Create new file system.
Creates a new element and adds it to the parent.
Read a string from a stream. Consumes stream until max length is reached.
Splits a remote branch name into a remote and a branch name.
Encrypt an output stream using a password.
Returns a string of a given length such that the end of the string is padded with the given
Reload swipe state in view
Resets the iv to its original state. This is used when doFinal is called in the
Flips the matrix vertically.
Shutdown the data source.
String representation of an IP address.
Creates a new command with the function and parent.
Convert a hex string to a byte array.
Writes a string to the buffer expanding if necessary.
Creates a new permission collection and adds all permission
Merges two networks into one.
Print a message.
Read a chunk of the input stream into a byte string.
Get the sum of all associations
Creates a kd-tree from a list of place names. If major only is set to
If the name was normalized and the prefix was a local name this method patches the name so that
Converts a tag to a string.
Create another XML element from this builder.
clear all data in this object and reset the counters
Rotate this vector in radians
This method is called when a connection is lost.
Returns the value of the response header with the given name.
Parse fields from a multivalued query params structure
Sign with a WS - SAML document.
Called when the state of the frame changes.
add a url
Add a new interval to the tracker.
Reset the statistics to the initial state
Reload the current page.
Returns true if the field is static.
Number of outstanding requests in the queue.
Converts a byte array into a string using the unsigned bytes to characters.
initializes the loggers for the given component name
Fills the list from left to right.
remove a default value
Test that LRU cache operations can be evicted during eviction
Merge two signatures into a larger signature. The resulting signature will have a larger number of bins and
Returns a hash code for this instance.
Constructs a new exception with the cause for the exception that caused this exception.
Enter an object into the transaction.
Add an option instance.
Pause for thread to join.
This method is called when a bound property is changed.
Adds a new frame to the animation.
Scan for classes that implement the given interface.
Returns the next cdata.
Check if a position needs skylight
Expand the rectangle by the given amount.
Copy a string to a datagram packet.
Returns a string representation of the object
; }
Removes a shutdown hook from the configuration.
Calculates the number of transitions between two points.
Returns the value as a string.
Check camera size
Appends the given string to this builder.
Encodes the given plaintext string to a sequence of bytes.
Return the lookup list for this query.
Return the sum of the elements in the queue.
Returns true if the single character is a word boundary.
Execute a blocking operation that will return only when the operation succeeds.
Write a portion of an array of characters.
Create a table viewer.
Get the type as a string.
Add a line from the current path point to the specified point.
Test whether the scheme can handle missing values.
disable all buttons
Load an artifact from the given path.
Attempt to acquire specified number of permits.
Checks if the string builder ends with the last character.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Time delay between two transit actions.
Creates new form d
Adds the index of a point.
Check whether the class is a cglib proxy class
Verifies the correctness of a response against a previously discovered identity.
Generate report for the given description and date
Updates the text views for the given recharge.
returns either near or id map depending on whether tx is local or near.
Stop the server. This method does not block.
Decode base64 encoded data.
Derives the ARGB value for a color based on an offset between two other colors.
Adds a landing pad to the operator
Factory method to create an attack strategy.
The executor to use. By default it uses the default thread factory.
no need to synchronize since it is only called once per locator.
Get event by id.
Initialize the values from the preference store.
this method will load properties from a file if the file exists or default to system property
Prints the contents of this hashtable to the given print stream.
Convert a string to a date using the given format
Calculate the MD5 of a file or directory
Initializes this parameter generator for a certain size and certainty.
Returns true if there are more elements available.
Truncates the list to the current size.
Append an open bracket before current json value.
Convert a chess board to an ascii string.
Clear all caches.
Convert an iterator to a set.
Run the task multiple times using a fixed thread pool.
list of all the vms in the system
Add a port use record.
Pop an attribute set.
put the object to cache. If the cache is full remove the oldest object from cache.
Removes a model change listener.
Fire a change event to all listeners.
Creates the name of the connection.
Discovery of host.
Reads the given number of bytes from the stream into the given buffer.
Draw connection lines.
Add a new node to the queue or update the closed list.
convert a java file object to a File
Creates a raster that compatible with this one
Build a random multi segment power law bipartite graph.
Execute a command and return the output.
Update the progress with a new value for a thread.
Creates a context handler for the directory.
Indicates if this text starts with the specified prefix.
jetty jasper initializers
Creates a temporary directory in the default temporary directory location.
To string.
product category id must be greater than or equal to parent category id
Adds an input instance to the input queue.
Returns a collection of the names of all the columns in a table.
Add a created resource to the list.
Signals all the semaphores that an event has occurred.
Compares the specified object with this object for equality. Returns true if the given object is also
is quorum maintained
Schedules the next alarm. This method can be called from any thread.
Request that the timer stop be sent.
SSL engine create 02 without port number
Joins arrays together using the provided function.
Splits a url path into a set of strings.
Method that handles request for best selling report
Start a transaction.
Add a job to be submitted to the job queue
Reset the parser with a new latex expression
Adds a new constant.
Add a list of data
Gets the info gain of the connection.
Removes the given property from the property set.
Deserialize an object from an array of bytes
Verifies that the number returned is the remainder of multi digits by the number.
Show the selected neuron properties dialog.
Encrypt length bytes in an array of bytes.
check if one of the children is changed
}
Removes all special characters from the string and returns the new string.
Create a new script action for the given network panel.
Send the image to the web service
Consolidates the list of tuples into a map of installment to list of receipts
Returns true if the given email is a valid email address
add new directed edge
Parse the given XML file and return the root of the document. The file will be read using
Creates a new connection.
Returns a report on the current state of the system.
Add a subscription to the store for a client
Zip the given file at the given location
Generates a map from the expanded state of the parent list items.
Add a audio packet listener
Creates new CRL.
Sets the path to the java environment.
add a new callback for a method
Removes all the blocks in the section.
Write the string to a file.
Check if access of a node is a variable access.
This method is called when a time picker value is selected
Returns a list of segments whose boundaries are near the given polyline
Add new action.
Load data from a file.
Obtains the URL of the specified class.
Removes a view from the cache.
Create a non CG volume
Calculates the timestamp of a downsampling operation based on the given timestamp and window size.
Returns the string representation of this node.
Receive notification of a recoverable XSLT processing error.
Associates a pattern with its association.
Create a union of the location path iterators.
Read a row from the database.
Add the error message to the error message set and throw an exception.
Returns true if there are more tokens available.
Add an issuer to the certificate.
Build a key selection string.
Filter map by removing all entries that have the given excl node as a dependency
Write the given device to storage if we are MASTER. Use this method if the device has
Runs the test case.
helps sort an array of doubles. Assumes that array [ lower+1 ] through to array
Remove the processor with the given index from the pipeline.
Make suffix chain.
Create a By object from a locator string
Notify listeners that a task has started.
Throws a deepstream record destroyed exception if this record has been destroyed.
Upload the contents from the input stream to the artifact.
Escapes the bytes in a string.
Get an array of types for an array of objects
Add this security element to its parent
Skip spaces.
Update the moving average.
Sample an assignment from the distribution. Note that this method is NOT thread safe.
Read a X. 509 certificate from the input stream.
Timeout for http requests.
Sets a configuration property with the given key and value.
Rename a table based on the rename definitions.
Handle a read last confirmed error.
Add a new fingerprint to the hash table. Return true if the fingerprint was found in the table
Apply the layout of the network.
Returns the nice integer at the current position
Calculate the size of a layer of the map.
Find static method.
Fetch all the service cards matching a search criteria
Adds a phone number to the list.
Match a matcher for digits and plus.
Compares two methods to see if they are the same in a predictable order.
Finds the marker segment with the given tag.
Open a console input stream.
Append the additional source to the end of the array
internal publish method that can be overwritten in derived classes
Check whether the feature id is set.
Throws an exception if the scheme is invalid.
Set the private key usage extension.
Generate a list of period instances for the given time unit.
create a new AES key.
Handle a value change event.
Parses the response from the Facebook API into a JSON object.
Loads the current version number from a file.
Find all users matching a given query.
Add footer view.
Add a string to the beginning of the queue.
Permit to know if the object is read only.
consume returns a future that completes when the subscription completes
Set the parent of this node.
Checks if the name is already registered.
Add a constant downscaling quality.
Prints debug output and usage statement and then exits.
Assert that the timestamps are equal with a given tolerance.
Initializes the xml file with the given parameters.
{ }
Adds a new hop for the entity.
Returns whether the queue is empty.
Can be instantiated using a primitive type
Read all the entries from the store and compare them with the kelp table.
Calculates the number of hosts in the net2 hosts list
Adds the certificates from the given certificate store to the database
INTERNAL : Process a lob into the database.
Start prefix mapping for an element.
Print the stack trace of this exception and any of its root causes.
Convert list of data flavor to array of data flavors.
Test for correct error handling for a choice empty icon.
Returns a string containing the translated version of the specified attributes.
Returns the next message index.
Fill field values.
Check the security infos for an endpoint.
Retains the elements in this list that are contained in the specified list. In other words
Convert a list of byte arrays to a list of strings.
Adds an index to the table.
Sets the key store key password.
Create a new ensemble zookeeper instance using the provided curator framework and base path. The default logsize
Creates a custom shortcut for the specified character. The shortcut is created by adding the character to the
Removes the smallest key and associated value from the subtree.
Reset error and warning counters
Write a file to the output stream.
Create a map of target class to a list of compounds for sifting.
Update the location of the car.
Compares to another value
Bind the given property to the given value.
Removes the specified column from this table.
Write the given log message to the log
Close connection to database.
create new editor with estimated bayes
Add a action listener to the button.
Returns true if the character at the specified index is a literal.
Generate the granularity from the given string using the given parser.
Constructs a word iterator that uses the default locale.
Closes the index by closing its open leaf page if necessary.
Push a single file.
Coda coding.
Resize the cache to the given size removing the old elements from the buffer and adding the new
Split uint8 to 2 bytes with hex value.
Sprint the short value of the passed in field
Populate the class set from a given directory.
Remove a bandwidth field by name
Exit with a process success code.
Get the current time in milliseconds.
Collapse consecutive newlines from the given string.
Throws an exception.
Extract the properties from a list of properties
Removes the last instance of this dataset from the dataset.
Ensure a named component is visible.
Ends the current representation ensuring all protections are applied.
Creates a label generator using the specified label format and random number generator.
Splits a character sequence by char delimiter.
Initialize this CounterSelector with a target and a selector and an interval in seconds
Read a JSON tuple from the stream.
Adds a pair of numbers to a string.
Remove property change listener.
Load the values from given XML file into this object.
Computes a signature for a given message.
Adds a trigger group name.
Reads a string from the stream.
Clear temp files.
Returns a thumbnail for the given file or null if the file is longer than the thumbnail
Submits a non - async runnable to the pool
Shrink an area by this rectangle.
execute a solr query and expect the result to match the tests
Build the absolute stats.
Serialize the classifier to the specified file.
Find fields by thrift id.
Check if the field is a partition tag
fn puts the block in the center of the screen and returns the location of the block in the
Processes the statement via the given proxy object.
Returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of the specified character.
Increments the integer at the given key by the given delta. If the key does not exist
send osc packet to server
Reacts to a key typed event by finding the key stroke and executing the appropriate action.
Fill in the gaps between original names and mapped classes using the given mapping mode.
Main method for reading an object from the input stream.
Create a program that satisfies an OP_CHECKMULTISIG program.
delete instances at the given positions
Add an event listener to the list. The listener will only be notified of events of the type
Calculate GC2 using Horner s method
Return true if the given date is between the given dates.
Add a timeout event listener to the timeout event loop.
Convert a list of strings to an array of strings
Transform tool tip text.
Writes an array of bytes to the stream.
Set up a connection with an http request.
Pass the call on to the underlying implementation
Appends a tag to the XML representation
This method always returns the extra info object that the validation engine created.
Add top level contents to the taxonomy.
Invokes a closure passing it a new Sql instance created from the given arguments.
Unsupported method. This method always throws an exception.
Adds an index entry for the given resource name and policy name.
Solve for a set of nodes in the flow graph.
Partial delete from a given point.
Create a new event type metadata instance.
method to reverse the order of the processing
If the caller is an HTTP caller and the credential is not the same as the subject creds then
Adds a value to a field in the current row.
Removes a storage. This method is called when a storage is deleted.
Sends an advanced synchronous request that has to be configured by the developer.
Returns true if the example fulfills the condition.
Load binary data from a stream. The input stream is not closed by this method.
Delete luns from a lun group
Remove locators.
Returns true if the item is selected by the user
Add operation to grid bag.
Sets the provider to use.
Reduces the number of workers by 1.
Builds a url to HTTP connection with the given requests.
Initializes the socket with the given host and port.
Tests fix for BUG # 22613 - DBMD.getColumns ( ) does not
The time of this process execution in milliseconds.
program for the rewriter
create the settings menu.
Writes a string to an output stream
check if the specified name is a valid java name
Creates the list of commands to execute.
Parse the packages and save metrics.
Gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a
Deletes the first string from the builder.
Create an array of classes for a list of parameters
Reduces memory consumption to the recommended size.
Check if the group contains a select account.
Sort the instances according to the given attribute
Flips an image horizontally.
Access the global audit singleton
True if the request is a terms request.
Read all10 segments from a file.
Calculates the number of seconds elapsed since the given time point in 24 hours.
update min and max with no dictionary value
deserialize a struct to an object
Main program entry point.
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Configures this input stream to read from the specified file.
create a new configuration object with the given arguments
Write value properties to the database.
Compute maximum value y.
Adds a focus cleared listener.
Adds an item listener for the specified event.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Create a mosaic levy with a mosaic id.
Returns the rank of the given value in this histogram
Negate a predicate.
add marginTop to a child view
Convert hex string to byte array
Send data to the device.
Fetch the schema and register it in the registry
Appends the given data to the given string builder the given prefix and separator strings.
convert to real array
Read partitions from a sequence file
Check if given seqno is available in the log.
Draw a line using the classic Bresenham algorithm.
method to actually process the item
Push to the top of the stack
Returns the number of elements in the specified tail.
Create a response.
cast a Object to a long
Adds a new row to the bottom of the grid
Tests that the internal state of the object can be preserved by clone operation.
Shutdown the AndroidBridge.
Called when a ping message is received.
Find an object literal.
Reset the viewable area to its default state.
Check the expected transfer rate
Add an x509 trust manager to the list.
Returns an iterator of all children in this node.
Create a new folder.
i - logarithm of sigmoid function.
Run a comparison test with the given properties.
Test the get scale method.
Make a prettyprinted JSON text of an object value.
Checks whether the given annotation is retained at runtime.
Message processing test for msg5.
Adds a class path.
Load directories.
Create a null individuum.
Finds all classes under a given uri.
Checks if is slavo germanic.
Randomly shuffle the contents of the inventory
Returns a formatted string of the specified value.
Returns the lower case version of the given string.
Asserts that the given sequence of steps is the same as the list of steps.
Register a new URI transform.
Quit this coroutine and release all resources. This does not interfere with the current coroutine.
Shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary. This method involves copying
Set the conjunction of the given conditions.
Discards data from the write side of the buffer. Data is discarded from the specified absolute
Set the name of the host and port of this hop.
Updates the UI controls.
Write a single character.
Handle a message that was received from a loco.
This method is called to execute the batch insert or batch remove operation depending on the insert rate.
Whether this property can allow multiple additions in a row.
To check if the class is present in the set of known classes.
Writes an int field value.
Returns the logarithm of the factorial of the number x.
Blocks until the write has completed or the read has failed.
Atomically adds the given value to the current value.
Silently close a closable silently.
Appends the data to the file.
Notifies all registered listeners that the sensor data has changed.
Converts an IP address from an integer to an IP address.
Open a FTP Connection
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
If the value is present replace it with the new value and return the old value.
Determine the common suffix of two strings
Close the reader. This method is called when the reader is closed.
Start monitoring the input stream. If there is a monitor thread running it will call this method to
End a video frame
Reduces the size of the icon by the given factor and updates the minimum and maximum size
Reads the object from the given input stream.
Transforms this string to lower camel case.
Retrieves and removes the head of the queue.
Adds a new movie to this widget
Creates the rmi registry if it does not already exist.
Update the statistics for this channel. This method is thread safe.
Resets internal state to the initial state.
Add trailing white space if necessary.
Receiving request for dup action
Returns true if the cache has expired.
Makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame.
; }
Handles a completed query.
get the current identity list for this node
perform a binary operation
Null implementation for no progress event.
epoch day in epoch time
Check empty cache.
Returns the node associated with the given key or null if no such key exists.
Add a new language to the system language list.
Returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than or equal to the given
add a new user
Block mix 128 - bit block of MurmurHash 128.
Register a new host from a event.
Add to the queue a flow to be reconciled
Creates a jar file from the given stream and contents.
Append a cell with a integer value to the end.
Expect a server proxy failure.
Removes the parameter associated with the given key.
Recalculate the statistics for a single attribute.
Returns true if this node has no children.
Adds a new column spec to the end of the table.
Returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified substring.
The size of a rule is the number of rhs symbols in the rule and the number of preceding
loads a scripted command from the input stream
bsh invoke static method of a command
Compute the probabilities of a multinomial with logistic model
Add a new external client to the server.
Delete a file or directory from the filesystem
Add a step to the workflow to remove export from snapshots.
Sample by gibbs sampler.
Removes a token from the table.
Adjust min and pref for spanning comps
Parse the chat file and pass the parsed event to the listener.
the escape sequence other is the first character of the next byte.
Converts network ID to the corresponding network parameters.
add certificates and cr.
. IOException ;
Find the angle between two given points in radians.
Append whitespace.
Clear the resource index for the given resource type name
Returns the serialized bytes of this object in a byte array.
Generate a list of rolling periods of the given unit.
Returns the labels for the vertex.
Reset unread counts for a given section.
Adds a category to the lexicon.
Call a static method of a static method.
try all other messages for this node
Make a dark color to ripple effect
Use a stream of values as a source of stream.
Adds a client id to the cache.
Version of find used by SortedIntTree
Returns whether or not this type is public.
Processes the specified image using the specified executor service.
Returns a string representation of the document.
construct the s2 cell id from face i and j
Updates the enabled state of the action depending on the project state.
= false ;
Truncate the number to the max length if it is too long.
Is within time comparison epsilon.
Returns an optional that can be used to compute the histogram of the input stream.
Creates weekday.
Build a new path by parsing the given path and appending it to this path.
Returns the index within the string of the first occurrence of the specified substring or - num if the
null pointer exception in the executor
Read a single string.
Add a new preprocessor directive
Format a date and write the result to a string buffer.
Clear results for the current profiler.
Add a constraint to the query that requires a particular key s value to be equal to the provided
Add the attribute value.
Copies input stream to output stream.
Prints the members of the type.
Initialize the basic variables and rows.
} }
Find free space on the Windows platform for the given path.
Attach to a header.
Return the phonemised version of the specified phonemised string at the specified position.
Stops the JVM with the given exit code.
Create a new state with given value
Returns a hashcode for the specified object.
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings
asserts that the actual pivot field is equal to the field value and count
Converts the current node to an XML string.
pull a string array and write it to a serializer out
Walk the file tree of a directory.
Applies the highlight style to the passed in text.
Process a single block using the basic block cipher.
Get the command associated with the topic
Checks that the array arg is not null and throws an exception if it is.
Download a file from the specified URL.
test against the `` void setSeed ( byte [ ] ) '' method ; it checks out that
Flips an image vertically.
Creates a new morfologik filter factory
Executes the given callable catching and wrapping any exceptions thrown by the given code. The exception
Pads the given string to the left with the given number of characters to ensure that it is
Returns a hashcode for this policy set.
Equivalent to unix terminal ( system. in ; system. out ).
Is the cell editable.
Check that all streams are valid and online.
Add a priority package to the JDK.
This method gets called when the action is performed.
Verifies a given certificate.
Read a length prefixed sequence of characters and expand the sequence to accomodate more characters.
Sets the supported encodings and the maximum channel count.
Returns true if the graph is configured to rotate edges.
Create a response code with the given extension.
Compute the inverse cumulative test values.
Appends the string representation of the boolean argument to the string builder.
Delete multiple server instances
Sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
Receive notification of a fatal XSLT processing error.
Add a terminal to the set.
Recursivly creates a new node at the specified path.
Stop recording audio.
Write a tag.
Returns the hash code value for this timestamp. The hash code is generated using the signer certificate path
Creates a new type variable with the given type variable id.
Iterates from this number down to the given number inclusive decrementing by one each time.
Adds an element to the select clause.
Remove a change listener.
Return true if the number of values in the given GTS is normal.
Show progress for the ongoing operation.
Parse a repository expression.
Closes this stream. This implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads
Add a new configuration section to the configuration
Load genome relationships file
Split the version into integers. If the version does not have an integer of the correct type then
Compute the type of the data model.
Check if two doubles are equal to within specified tolerance.
Loads a json model from a file.
Split a line with a comment.
Create the specified number of volumes from the specified consistency group
Convert a hash map to a typesafe object.
Find by thrift id.
start block is same as rem block minus instructions from start block
Checks to see if the there has been an error in the printstream.
Splits the PDF document into a list of documents of a certain size
Validate the auth schemes.
convert a string with urn to a uuid
Read and return the next line.
Decodes a base64 - encoded string.
Creates a red gradient paint.
Returns a list of numbers that match the given text.
Creates a node to be an entry to the graph.
Assert delivery state.
Compile scope for a list of files.
Compresses the bitmap and writes it to a file.
Parse a string into a sentence.
Return a new template element with the new child replaced by old.
Applies the operation to the given keys.
Flushes the buffer and the underlying stream.
add entry to info list
Updates the state of the sliding bar.
Flush the previous VCF count to the specified writer.
Set the video stream.
Compares the specified string to this string using the Unicode values of the characters. Returns true if
Flush the stream.
Start the servers in a new thread.
Evaluate the limit and page limit with the specified entity class annotation.
Creates a runtime collector for the specified algorithm and frequency.
Remove a service provider from the registry.
Compares the current date with the next one.
Updates an item in the series.
Writes an float field value.
Decode the specified number of bytes from the input byte array.
Return a path for a scroll bar apart. This is used when the buttons are placed apart at
Removes all views from the adapter and from the given view pager. This method should be used when
Check if a mobile number is valid
Convert an error from the generated file to a CompileError based on the source.
Returns the hyperbolic sine of the number.
Add notification to container
Returns true if the attributes are not null or empty.
Returns a ignore descriptor for a given method or null if the method does not have an ignore annotation
Returns a random sample of the dbi
Draws the message size.
Grab the args list from the signature
ssl engine create ssl fails if engine is not installed
Process the dispatch request.
Resets the internal state of the filter to the initial state.
Redefine this ExtendedType object to represent a different extended type. This is intended to be used
Writes a long to the specified position.
Delete RP replication sets
Advance to the next frame in the pending queue or if there are no more frames to be
Reads a long.
Check the get meta data for the whole database.
Attempts to find a log implementation based on the given category and class.
Create a new via header based on the host port transport and branch
Returns a string representation of this buffer.
Resolves the parameters of the executable.
Check whether a character is a valid name start character.
IDENT functions.
Returns a hash code value for this font.
Instantiates a new command handler.
Returns true if the descriptor ends with a float.
Invoked when the component is resized.
Initializes the arg parser with the given name and descriptor.
Remove the object from the head of the queue at the given index.
Removes a model from the repository.
Creates a new instance of the parser using the specified mapping file.
Hoeffding log function.
scroll items up or down
Tests that the local instances returned by this function are deterministic.
Add a match with an associated region to the list
Reset the selected tech to its original state
Check that a consumer throws an exception.
Check if the graph is empty.
Throws an exception if the given boolean is not true.
The converter used to convert the tag into a Map.
debug all after init
Attempt to retry the request based on the specified exception.
Returns a list of files sorted in one batch.
Add a new directory to the database
Returns the node in the linked list that is closest to the hi element. If hi is null
add id repo to organization config
Simulates the pin being pressed and returns the result.
Returns true if the given string is hierachic.
Paint a portion of the layer.
Receives a char. This method will block if no input is available.
Convert a buffer to a byte buffer.
Implements OutputStream.write single byte.
Transforms a local URI into a remote one. If the URI points to a file that is
Generate the screen on or off utternace.
Resets the timer to the beginning of the interval.
Read an int.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
javax. security. auth. x500
Add a tag transformation to this vocabulary.
Returns true if the file has been modified within the given time stamp and offset.
Return the string up to the next close quote character. Backslash processing is done. The
no tags for the moment
Evaluate the distance between two vectors.
Check if db configuration is present
Returns true if the numerical run is incomplete.
Generate the script alert close window.
Returns the best parse for state `` state '', potentially starting with a unary rule
Produce a new tree from the given DOM element.
Calculates the distance between two points.
Starts the print.
Pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it 'places'long
Registers an error result code.
Add all exceptions in the given set.
Start camera on a video stream
license locator.
Check if the exception is an intended exception for the given class.
Initializes the registry with the given project types.
Add NotificationListener to the JMX connector
Subtract two numbers of different signs and the same length. The first number is positive and the
consume messages from the consumer
When dups are enabled all attributes that are not defined in attributes are removed.
Test the DSA Algorithm parameters.
Tells if the given class node is a possible class literal.
Load the log file.
Html tag with arguments.
Update password in the database.
Calculate the likelihood of a tag in a document.
Get a String representation of this instance.
Gets the value of the safeMode property.
Test get and put in a fixed byte array buffer with specified offset and length
Add an item to the end of the list
Does the current locale have localized messages?
Create a docker image from a full image name.
Add a set of notification channels to listen for notifications.
Deletes a directory recursively.
Deletes all empty folders from the DB.
Perform an int sum using the provided function
write3 ( ) method testing. Tests that method writes correct data to the underlying output stream.
Parse the given data into a DOM.
Check if a volume is a production journal
Test pound symbol in column name.
Unescape and decode a string.
Wait before next poll.
Compute the lengths of the annotation text.
Prints an image map to a print writer.
import note builder with custom message
Converts this attribute to a XML string.
Create a list of the values of the given objects.
Returns the smallest of the specified values according to this ordering. If there are multiple smallest values the
Reads up to < code > len < /code > bytes of data from the stream into
Add a new key value pair into the map.
Consolidates a list of stacks into a single list of stacks.
Determines how long ago a given time was.
Is the character a wfxml char?
Xor for zero values
Execute a consumer on the next element of the stream.
Test fill excluding index out of bounds
Adds missing values to all instances in the dataset.
insert in batches
Remove a listener for the tab.
Provide uri manager with a list of uris.
add volumes to parking storage group
Convert the given string to an input stream.
Is PKCS # 8 selected?
Creates a public key from a base64 encoded public key.
This method is called when a tick is requested.
Determines whether the server can be stopped.
Log a message in the given print stream.
Returns if modifier is public. Note that in our case modifier can be mix ( public or private
Create a user preference map from a generic value.
Append a string to the json object
Delete user from authentication info.
Log a message at the ERROR level.
Removes a processor from the pipeline.
Returns the type of animation that should be ended when the view holder is removed from the animation queue
Append a string onto the vector.
Returns true if the method m is contained in the wrapper methods list.
Delete a node from the graph.
handle update button
Returns a string representation of the matrix.
Test for a simple type.
Evaluate the Gaussian model on two data points.
Gets the batch size.
Decodes an array of URL safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes.
Clears the internal state of the attached view.
Add a data set to the current data set
Pass the call on to the underlying handler
Create a new VLC with a list of options.
add a new display at a specific location
Returns the row index of the minimum path.
Set the time of day.
Creates new form d
Minimize an automaton using simple elimination.
Indicates whether some other object is `` equal to '' this one.
Add a new column to the table
Check for NaN in the number vector.
Fills a string builder with at least the given number of characters.
Open a file for writing.
Calculates kernel value of vectors x and y.
Closes this stream. This implementation closes the target stream.
Write a list of files to a file.
Marks all internal classes whether they should be marked.
Obtain the cosine of the angle.
Calculate the sum of squared errors of the prediction values and the target attribute.
Returns the number of registered namespaces.
Append a character sequence to this Writer.
Convert a timestamp to a human readable string.
Get the attribute with the given name and consume it.
Copy the contents of the internal buffer into the given array starting at the given index.
Import a key to the key chain. If the key is already present ignore it.
Creates a connection group and adds it to the retrieved groups.
Determines if the given reader only contains a single metric.
Separates meta tags from the text.
Remove columns from the table
read service config
Refresh all keys from preferences.
Adds the given type mirror to the set of inherited types.
Multiply the histogram by a scalar and store the result in a new histogram.
Adds participants to the cache.
Convert a map to a JSON string representation.
Print the message and context.
Returns the number of methods in this filter.
Store a request id and its routing key in the cache
Save post.
Start a new activity for the given package name
Create a scoped element.
Convert a collection of files to a list of relative paths.
Ensures that the security manager exists. If it doesn t create it and register it.
Get the rate of the given column value
Does the interaction between a server socket and a client socket.
Creates a unique engine id.
Parses a referential grammar file
Encrypt a WSS document.
Add an issue for the transformation
Insert the given node as a child at the given index.
Compute the NTLM Hash of the specified password.
Checks whether the value is between 0 and 1.
Public function that substitutes macros in a string.
Raise each element of a matrix to a scalar power.
Splits the class name into a list of strings using camel case algorithm.
Uses the XPath string to select a list of nodes.
Constructs a result file entry with the specified non - dominated population and auxiliary properties.
Generates the discovery XML file.
Basic type definition.
} }
Applies the properties to the parameter values.
Rotates the subtree so that its root's right child is the new root.
Add a new node to the cluster.
Determine if a named backup set exists.
Convert a string to a quoted and comma separated string array
Write a string to the output stream without compression.
Parse thresholds file.
Submit a shutdown task to the thread pool for the executor service
Converts a drawing point to view point.
} }
Adds a setup descriptor to the chain.
A static method to compile a success action.
Join an array of floats with a separator
Put an unsigned byte into the specified byte buffer
Returns the number of parameters in the given method descriptor.
Optimize a trie by removing infrequent tokens
Is all denied boolean.
returns the key of the table as a string
Obtain a date time formatter to the specified locale.
Wait for external storage to become mounted.
Add a node to the tail of the queue.
Upload and install an apk file on specified device.
Read as bytes.
Uninstall package silently
Open a list for playing
Set the column names to be added.
test negative reverse step by one with a closure
Normalize the given big decimal to the given allowed precision.
Deserializes the given XML string into a node tree.
Append a url and the parameters to a string.
Send an event to the agent.
Apply jms to the hash map
Index the given field for all the given tuples.
close output stream without a Exception
Add a search listener to this dispatcher.
Method to get the single attribute container flag.
Renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time.
Opens a file.
Toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
} }
Can not map from a byte
produce an event
If the given name is a keyword or built in string wrap it in one.
Add a new issue matcher and return it.
Find the scope for an annotated element.
[ ] ) ;
Removes the specified property change listener.
Advance to the previous character in the text.
deferred image replaced event.
Determines whether this composite name starts with the specified compound name.
for a given number of tasks the invoke all with a separate thread
Instantiates the listener using the provided config manager.
Sign a hash using this key.
Sets the time period that the time range must cover.
create the edit menu
Removes the given listener from the list of listeners.
Sets the current state of the algorithm.
True if the buffer is a BOM.
Gets the value of the signed property.
Parse the given text into a tree of Nodes.
Returns the number of parts in this multipart body.
make a database with some parameters
Adds the filters for the file chooser to the specified chooser.
Stop the stream service.
Returns the next token without consuming it.
Elimina los usuarios organo
Recursive method to add a layer to a list of layers.
shift right with a negative number
Performs an inverse logarithm to the specified eigenvalue.
Finds the first non whitespace character starting at index.
Reads the next chunk of data from the stream. The method blocks until some data is available
Sets the primitive value of this property.
Create a new cash based debit and credit journal entry for each tax payment.
Reads a sequence of bytes from this buffer into the given buffer.
Clears the time portion of this calendar.
Returns the probability distribution function.
Converts an integer to a string and appends it to the given buffer.
Apply the effects of a list of texts
find the active directory with a defined limit
Handle a key.
Returns the hash code value for this object.
Strip leading period string from beginning of a string.
Check if a config directory is required.
Removes empty labels and assigns IDs to non - empty labels.
rotate theta degrees about the z axis
Convert a date to nanoseconds since midnight.
Perform an asyncrhonous transform operation
Creates an https client or returns the existing one if it is already created.
Creates a new type signature with the given number of array elements added to the given type signature.
Prints the line separator
Increases the buffer to the requested size.
Handles the case where the attribute is an enumerated attribute.
Check if load more is enabled.
Add a new thread to the pool only if the pool is full.
Removes the node at the current frontier position.
Creates a bitmap font with the given arguments and places the result in the cache.
True if the memory pool has the same name as the heap pool
Returns a simple string representation of the matrix
Call the specified callable and return the result.
Adds a selector for the given protocol.
Add a header to the response
Read the skeleton from a buffered reader. The reader is not closed by this method.
Generate a set of non monogamous families from a collection of families
Creates a VAO for the scene.
Checks if the given file has the given content.
Load up an image from the specified file where the off character is known.
Update receipt status when cancelled.
Add animations to the AnimateView. Must be called in the view thread.
Discover and update the reachable status of the system.
Reads the dictionary and populates the hash set.
Checks whether the given substring is in the given range.
Stops watching the specified path.
Add a property criteria.
Remove a column from the table
check un managed protection set exists in db
Put String to byte [ ]
Check query results.
Atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given update function to the current and
Close the window.
Determines if the current load balancer service should be moved.
Converts all throwables to their message if available in the args array.
Creates new raf with given path and lock factory.
Adds the given number of minutes to the value list
Recompose the value of a variable and add it to the current one.
This method gets called when a bound property is changed.
Sorts the values if necessary and returns the sorted array.
Execute a SQL statement that updates a record in the database.
do the text in the normal mode
Initialize the cache. This method must be called before using the connection.
Adds a collection of indices to the indices.
Indicates whether current request is a secure cookie
Deserialize a JSON stream into a list of objects
Return a list of multistep exprs that represent the list of paths that form the given multi
Add weighting coefficients to the wordlen of a quant unit.
UpdateFunctionalityTest2 # testUpdate3 ( ). Updates row with referencing ones and RE
Performs a pruning of exceptional loops.
Return a spaced string representation of the string.
Parse the content type from the provided bytes
This benchmark does not cache the results.
r line to
Parse the conflict results from the Docker CLI.
Send the start.
Add actual qty.
Returns true if the specified character is a vowel.
Print stack trace for sqlException to specified print writer pw.
Read the data from the stream.
Removes the element at the specified position in this list. Shifts any subsequent elements to the
Build a row for the given component.
Add target elements.
Adds a curve to the path with the given start and end points.
round up with a negative scale
Opens the input stream to the counter file.
Adds two predicates to this composite predicate.
Read the next word from the dictionary.
Convert a string to a string buffer.
Determine if the file or directory exists.
Method to build one level of the associations from the given instances.
Replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string.
}
Adds a new object.
Return the first child element of the given element that matches the given names.
Starting point of the application.
Returns the hash code value for this string.
Add all helper text colors.
Normalize an array in place.
Writes a message to a file.
Returns a hash code value for this color model.
Returns a random number between start and end.
Write a file to the multipart mime stream.
Update the locale when the configuration is changed.
Get keymap instance by key.
Returns true if the name is a GMT name.
Transform a string that represents a URI into something more proper by adding or canonicalizing the protocol.
Removes the mapping for the given key.
Add the whole match including the surface and analyzed string
Start the stop watch.
Extract a single row from a table.
Returns a new string that has all the characters in the given string removed.
add all columns of the table to the select clause
Copies the input stream to the output stream.
Check and setup streams drawer.
Test to check that the override works as expected.
Creates a copy of the given component and returns it.
Compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution. Do this incrementally for a distribution that has
Adjust the total pending Advance if there is one. If there is no ongoing Advance
Starts the user profile activity with the given parameters
Scroll the list by a given amount.
Checks whether the symbol needs quoting.
Parse commit counter from file.
Creates a new XML document from the given file.
Creates a new floating comment linked to the current node.
Check if the given employee is a hod for the given assign id
Single label mode with the given languages.
Returns an array of statistic values that match the specified spec.
Recursively assigns numbers to the nodes in the cluster.
Prints a close subpath.
scrape a tv show episode
Save selection from a table
Create a new m (
Cancels and removes the build task with the given id.
Create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
Move the map by the given latitude and longitude
Send an event to the server.
Handle a header column pressed event
Create array of fixed size records.
Add attributes to the tracked entity instance
Recompose the attribute sets specified by the given attribute set name.
Splits the given string around matches of the given regular expression.
Delete a directory with all its files and subdirectories.
Specialized version of find to get last valid node.
Append to the NAL unit in the given byte array
Size of directory.
Pan the view by an absolute amount.
Check serialized equality.
The URL of the guide
Returns the mean of a list of numbers
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Creates a scanner that reads from the specified url.
enable fullscreen runnable.
Convert an html entity to a string.
Writes a byte vector to the stream
Unlock User Interface. Called from the UI thread
Map a list of volume descriptors to a set of storage systems.
Encrypt the plain text using the given password.
Find fields by thrift id.
Deinstalls the editor for the specified editor.
Whether the connection is secure.
Add a new sample.
Prepare tenant create param.
Throws an internal error with the given message.
Draw the highlighted part of the node
Creates a new image encoder for the specified format.
Use this to set image view to pinch zoom
Parses a file option, uses default if option is missing.
Check to see if the account number is balanced.
Increases the capacity if necessary to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements
Get detail base.
Closes the output stream.
Causes the current thread to acquire the lock for the calling thread. The current thread must
Attempts to create a statement.
Removes the document with the given id.
Set up a new database connection
Extract client object from the request entity.
legacy method to add field properties
Specifies that there are no wild cards in the pattern.
Returns a map of environment variables to their base64 encoded representation.
The graphical representation of a series.
Add a listen mod log entry.
check if the class name is valid
Manually update the internal clock with a new minute.
Returns true if scheduling is needed.
Remove a breakpoint.
Replace the creation template for all the users of the given organization
reads the next object from the stream.
Adds an item to the set.
Convert a byte array to a hex encoded string.
Create a new cluster server
Create a big integer from a sign and an array of bytes
Test the minimal completion stage of an asynchronous task. This does not wait for the completion to complete
Write directory post resource
Throws an exception if the given array is not large enough to contain the given number of elements.
Get the potion type from a name.
Remove a mesh from the curl mesh list
Returns a sample of the n-best lists of a single source and a list of lists of
Causes the given runnable to be added to the queue.
Returns true if the map is closed.
insert think time into the script
Adds a new node to the basic block. If the node already exists in the basic block it
Ensure that the buffer can hold at least the given number of bytes.
Remove a name from the builder.
Deserialize a JSON API document and return a list of instances of the given class.
Add entity and weapon to swarm
Checks if a checkpoint with the given key already exists.
Use this to create a new om from the given coordinates.
Copies an input stream to an output stream using a buffer.
Write the PDF header.
Parse a string from the stream.
write a return value opc to the output stream. If the return type is a primitive type
Format a link.
json end json
This will try to fix the given strings by looking for common utility strings first. It will try
Reads the configuration file and parses it.
Returns a list of all the directories in a directory.
Converts this object to string with all of its children recursively.
Converts an int to a base 64 encoded string.
Removes the overlay from the specified cell.
Removes the foreign key at the given index.
Inserts the string into this buffer at the specified offset.
Adds the gefaehrdung to the list of all gefaehrdungen if
Returns a caucho compatible path constructed from the given class path.
) ; }
Push a new integer into the array.
performs a string conversion of the given node
UpdateFunctionalityTest # testUpdate7 ( ). Tests INSERT... ON DUPLIC
; } ; }"
Validate the URI.
Mark that we have finished writing to the journal.
Returns the actual memory address of the file with the given offset.
Process an internal entity declaration.
Whether the user is authorized to perform the specified operation.
Returns the next element in the iterator.
Adds a list of messages to the chat room.
Set rational function.
Creates a new generic principal.
Compares this CRL with another one for equality.
Simulates rolling a dice with 6 sides.
Convert a list of septet values into an octet stream.
Build a new tree and add it to the parent
Calculate the height of a specific marker.
start a consumer in a separate thread
Calculates the Euclidean distance between two instances.
This method is used to recursively find the chain of resources that have the same subject with the same
creates triggers and reindexes all tables
Print the DOT representation of this query.
Resize tables for the given number of objects.
Checks if there are any more addresses available
convert a percentile to x
Extract queue name from db name.
Find the entry for this symbol and use it if it is available.
Calculate the angle in degrees of the current touch point.
Read a 16 bit unsigned integer from the data at the given offset.
Removes the surrounding quotes encolosing the given option from the given file name.
Generates a label for the specified series.
Tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern.
Adjust the preferred size in the editor
Find a field definition for a given name and descriptor.
Calculate a quarter using the default locale.
}
Returns a new instance with the given key and default value.
Read boolean.
Automatically boxing a field.
open pdf file with byte array data
The main method for this class.
Awaits the match at the given index.
Construct a signature for the given partitions and markers.
Test bitwise positive.
Find the end of the given sequence that is either the end of the string or the end of
Calculate the coordinates of the two glyphs depending on the current layout.
Convert a Julian day count to a Java date.
Removes the last occurrence of the given element from this queue if it is present. If the queue
Compact the RDF representation of a resource node.
Queries the utility table and assigns the given variable to the query.
Convert a list of strings to a list of numeric values.
Moves to the next image.
Parses the given input stream to extract a number of bytes.
Find the best insertion. The best insertion is the one with the largest number of activities.
Writes a short to the stream.
Whether or not the manager is initialized.
onClick handler for register button
Add a subject that should be included in the log.
Remove the specified string from the end of the line.
Calculates the square of the Euclidean distance between two points.
Appends an instruction to an existing of. builder.
Returns an iterator to iterate over the elements in the list in proper sequence.
Verify that the set of domains is not in use.
This method filters the specified circle intersections and reports any intersections found.
Initialize without J.
Find the serialization type for an annotation.
Convert the input stream to an output stream.
Returns a map containing the given entries.
Write the characters from an array to the underlying output stream.
Load a mary voice and associated freetts file
Append a key/value pair to the end of the array.
Add a new incremental classifier listener
Read a r4 float.
Generates a collection of the certificates from the input stream.
Checks if files exist on the destination but not on the source.
convert order to computable type if possible
Tick a specific block position.
Updates the purchase state of a product with the given purchase state.
Configures the label with the default color and font.
Remove all limit lines.
Return a new filterable which contains all items of the provided stream.
crop region for a normalized display coordinate.
Flushes this writer. This implementation flushes the target stream.
Initialize a vector from a double array.
Visit inner class. This method will be called only if the outer class has the given name.
convert longitude to pixel value
Returns true if the world file values appear in a geographic projection.
Read a value from a register.
Removes the given session id from the set.
Returns the string representation of this vector.
Iterator visits the direct child nodes of this node.
Enable this engine.
Calculates the HMAC with the given secret key.
Checks whether this builder starts with the specified string.
Internal method to write bytes from a given byte buffer to the stream.
Return whether or not the given class is the source class.
Process the contents of the specified ldif file.
Prints the progress.
Drain all the permitted requests and grant the lock to the grantor.
Load positions from database
Toggle check box.
Adds a completed batch to the downloads and returns the ID of the batch that was added.
Get the next output buffer from the queue and add it to the queue.
Create a new retryable job definition.
Find by thrift id.
Stores given 64 - bit long value at the specified address.
Creates a minimal number of splits based on the number of available folds.
Create a signed XML element.
Display the popup for this editor.
abstract sdf writer
Guess firing plan under heat.
Create a REST response map the fields of the volume group from the given rest object.
Post all the files that can be read.
Clear all searchable items from the adapter
Add a new action listener to the dispatcher.
Adds some ingredients to the shapeless recipe.
Get the ordering.
Find the clone with the given key.
Converts the specified string to a byte array with the specified encoding.
Returns true if the string value looks like a background string
Execute before a test.
Add a metacharacter and its replacement.
Do the lookup.
Finds the history records for the given job.
Quote a single character. The character is quoted only if it is a printable ascii character.
Update the pending nodes with the latest information from the landmarks.
Returns a string representation of the message suitable for printing.
Draws an overflow indicator for the button.
Write a line of values to the file with the default indent
Check whether the input stream is a PEM input stream.
Set a new resource to be closed.
Specify a specific routing value to retrieve the shards from.
Receive data from the device.
Delete an attribute at the given position.
Adds labels for the specified locale to the index.
Always throws UnsupportedOperationException. Subclasses can override this method to provide alternate implementations.
Specify the server instance to use.
add a separator
Checks if the external storage location exists.
Loads the raw modules from the database.
Writes the image out to a stream.
Returns a random number from the interval [ 0 num ).
Converts a property set to the types of elements in the property set
Parse register information from the node.
Creates a thread factory with the specified name prefix. The name prefix is used to identify the thread
Test the encoding of uint16 metrics.
Add a new transaction to the set. This method will generate a hash for the new transaction and
Sleep for a period of time.
Test split and join of properties using semicolon.
Test to verify that int is actually mapped to boolean
Determine if this connection is busy.
Parse bytes from the stream.
Reset the connection ratio to the default value.
Test to check the merge of the security role into an empty document
Decodes a full revision.
Removes all the character data nodes of the given node.
Unlinks interior Node p with predecessor trail.
Calculate a mix of two friction values
Serialize a object to a JSON string with the given content type.
Compile short word zr.
Check if native volume expansion is supported for the given VPLEX volume.
Update the GUI with the roster entry details.
If the given number is greater than or equal to the given number return it otherwise return null.
Returns a new size that is the same as this instance but that the provided size.
is gzip allowed.
Setup a new replay processor with the specified buffer size and optional unbounded flag.
On show conversations
Reads a single octet from the underlying stream or throws an exception if the stream is exhausted
Enqueue a job for execution.
test bit function with 2 bits
Receive notification of the beginning of an element.
Draw a string using the current font and color in the x, y coordinates. The font is
Reads the next number of characters into the array.
Updates the cnonce value using the current value of num.
Match all the storage pools that are modified by the rp system to all the virtual pools that are
Calculate the fee for a player to trade at a given price.
Adds the current search history to the history panel.
Remove duplicates and swf from file list
Concatenates the string representation of each items in this array, with the given String as a
Write short.
Specify an order by for the query
Replace the original string with the stemmed version in the output
merger creates a new instance of the merger object
Pack an array of cipher suites into a single string.
Set up a file with the given description and extension.
Ensure that the tuple array is large enough for the given row.
Check if the argument is a digit or a prefix of the argument.
Removes all the children of the given node that match the given type.
Eventually sets to a given value.
Checks to see if a savepoint is valid for this savepoint.
table editor.
Write a collection of strings to a file.
Removes all of the elements from the list.
Reset the uid validity and return the current time.
Write an ogg page header.
Handle a single static site request
Remove a room from the server.
Discharge an item by a given amount of energy.
Return all elements in the list as an array.
Add all the given elements to the selection.
Returns true if the mode has the specified feature.
Get the current backup partitions for a given node id.
Set the image url for the loader.
Build a pointer to the next state.
Convert a hash to a human readable hexadecimal string.
Create a bidi object that can be used to align the line.
Check if the caller is valid for the given package.
Paints the internal frame title pane.
Add a graph listener
restart and install all currently installed patches
This method aligns the two arrays based on the number of labels
Is category boolean.
It creates a new table with the specified dataset generator.
Append the contents of a file to the end of the file.
Provide white list.
Checks if is scoped name.
Creates a new input stream from a buffer. The buffer is not closed.
Load a properties file from the given path
Sprint the boolean value of a boolean field
Write a list of views to the writer.
Clear listeners for this database.
load xml audio map
Add a generic attribute to the model
add fahrt event to fahrzeit events
create a new instance with no service loader.
Check unique id.
Creates a new output stream for the given writable byte channel.
Check all the servers and sites to see if they are up and running. If they are down
Writes the trace data to the stream.
Create an IV from a value.
Add a header to the message.
Adds a leaf atom to this container.
Normal cumulative density function.
Remove a result from the suite.
Add an entry to the filter and extent panel.
mod when the sign is wrong
Creates new form D
Returns the sum of the result of the given SQL expression.
Calculate the x offset.
Method called when the view is done displaying.
Use buffered reader to read the contents of the file and compare the contents with the contents that are
Add a number of days to the current time
Creates a new temporary file.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Removes the given entry from the data set.
Run the read test with the given compression mode.
Close a context ignoring naming exceptions.
Removed an object from the queue.
Creates a compatible raster that can be interleaved with this raster.
Util method to get the arguments to the heron scheduler
Adds a document to be analyzed.
Executes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key that was received from one of
}
add a bezier curve to the path
Re - read all the stored buckets from the persistent storage
Read the next character.
Add an offer to the list.
verify with the given public key and provider.
Inject dependencies into the activity graph
This method blocks until a new request is made to write the buffer. This method will block if
Reads a date value from the stream.
Removes a selection listener from the panel.
Equivalent to, but cheaper than writing Integer. toHexString
Reads the input stream using the specified reader and returns the contents.
Create a list of maps from type parameters
Get free space on a unix socket given the path to a file and timeout.
Read and close a stream.
See if within two moves of solution.
Creates a new penn treebank reader
Unwrap a byte array received from the server.
Closes the write half of the stream.
Applies one or more changes to the row.
Recursively normalizes the given named list
Check if the current value is infinite.
Distributed log inprogress z string
Adds a new value to the data set.
Receive redundancy data.
Output the doc type declaration.
This method returns true if the argument is a valid vector.
Resolve a base url against a target.
Calculates the depth of the layout.
converts a url path into an array of url objects
Add final recipe.
Fire connection closed event to listeners.
Stores the specified volatile int into the specified slot on the specified object.
The field strategy to use.
create a uri from a set of inet addresses
Navigator for the given plot and axes.
Add a new column to the table.
Sets the dimension and the number of points to compare
Adds an element to the document as a child of the root element
Flush the internal buffer
Add the given character as the first character of the buffer.
Adds a new instance of the specified interface name.
Reads a number of bytes from the stream.
Check if the window is displayed and that the expected components are present.
Process a tag that indicates a test case was started.
Inserts the character into this string at the specified offset.
add a root to the tree.
Expand the tree to the given element and select the given level.
Append a cell to the current line.
Constructs a new svn facade for the specified configuration.
Ensure that the underlying canvas has a maximum size.
Determines if the given sequence of char values is normalized.
Returns a string representation of this rule.
Replaces all the occurrences of str with the original string.
Saves the entity to the database using an asynchronous mechanism.
read copy state from the input stream
Writes a JSON object name.
Find a token by number and service and redeem it.
Lighten the given color by the factor
Converts the operand to its database string representation.
Returns the file name of a class with a type suffix.
write a process variable as XML to an output stream
Throws an exception if the qual string is null or empty.
Formats the float array d with the specified number format.
Pack from string into array.
Removes the viewpoint at the specified indices.
Clear all page change listeners.
Update the color of the field based on the breakpoint condition.
Removes a view from the list of ignored views
Write the cache header to the output stream
True if the leased resource is still valid.
Returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing.
Clear the contents of this object.
Toggle the selection state of a section. If the section is already selected it will not be
Combine multiple files into a single file.
Stops scrolling the list instance.
Simplified version of execute which only operates on two arguments.
Create a new fixed - length response with the given message.
Peeks the next xml element without consuming it.
Replace the end point of the url with the given end point.
Creates a fine-grained OK path.
Adds a new member with the given name and value.
Add whitespace to each element of the list.
Determine the fully qualified widget type name for the given widget node.
Read the data for a ftyp atom from the byte array.
Parse the given input string using the given separator as the delimiter.
Perform a DELETE operation with the specified URL and expected response status code.
Calculate the density of the sum of the set of allotments with a specific value
Returns a copy of the probability table
Create a sub configuration with the given prefix and key prefix.
Build map of resource name to display name
Set a column to a given number of rows with a default value.
Returns a string representation of the object.
Used to cancel a task that is not related to the current object
Adds a bitmap to the queue.
Adds a new after server start listener.
Attempts to read more data.
Creates a relation notification object with the given information.
below method will be used to add blocklet to store
Tells whether or not the given host or domain is a local host.
Calculate the entropy of the dataset.
Save working instances to a q file
calculate color from pointer position
Read characters into a portion of an array.
Adjust the indent for the current block. Returns whether the adjustment was successful.
Generate code for the given field for the given arguments.
Instantiates a new forward planner
Adds a button to the bottom of the container
Checks if there is no match for the tag in attributes.
Returns a string representation of the business object data key.
Parse the usages from the json file and cache the result
Find the enclosing call of a gdsl member.
Generate ovfenv image and save in iso file
Create actionable event.
Reads a rational number from the stream. The provider is known as the one specified.
removes all notifications of a certain type from the list
The conclusion atom is the parent of the rule and the atomic child atom is the conclusion atom.
Add a uuid to a node
Returns the offset of the given field in this type.
; }
Dispose of this widget.
Append an additional source to the end of this flux
Shutdown the server and related threads
Returns true if the given local id is a valid local id
This method binds the specified server socket to the specified port.
Check interrupt while waiting.
Reset all builders to their initial values.
Writes the carriers to a file.
Remove listener for resource events
Test that a manifest with a main activity is present.
Checks whether the name and candidate are similar and appends the result to the buffer if the name
Write the header of the file.
Gets the vendor for the build.
Set the match and confidence of the voice.
Heapifies the linked list using the natural order of the keys in the table.
Recursive method to add categories to the tree.
Add a drawer listener
Start an activity to edit a note.
Add a new entry to the history.
Unhide action bar.
Formats a time delta in human readable format.
Deconvolve a signal p - multiply by a given rate.
Remove any leading or trailing newlines from the given string.
Reads the object from the stream.
This method calculates the column total of a dataset
Opens an analysis. Returns true if the analysis was opened.
called when a child is removed from the parent
method to find the number of syllable shared with the syllable
Remove instances from containers after scaling down.
Draw a normal message.
Kill a running loco
Start listening for messages on the socket.
Converts a bitmask into a set of flags.
Verifies the given signature bytes.
Adds a string to the list of match strings
Time ago string.
Convert a string of hex digits to a byte array.
Removes a job from being tracked and stops tracking it if it is currently rocking.
Returns the coefficient of variance.
Returns a string representation of the polynomial.
The version checker will check for the presence of a skeleton with a given version.
Upgrade a single attribute to a new schema.
Convert a canonical name to a DAVLik canonical name.
Emits a ensure collection pseudo - final for the given field and method on the given builder.
Unregister a client from the given acceptor.
Replace double quotes.
Allocate a new container in the list.
Check if uri represents local resource
Wait for an obb file to become mounted and return its path.
Indicate whether this is a zone level resource
Checks that the given message is the expected message.
Closes all databases and cleans up after them.
Creates the MD5 hash of the specified message.
Run metastore compare job.
Delete sub people containers
Test of find recent message uids in mailboxes.
Adds an event runnable to the queue.
Adds a message to the error messages list.
Ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
Write a key with a byte array to the file.
Executes a Solr query.
Compare link attributes. Return whether they have the same link stats.
Generates a new ID and returns it.
Remove provider by number
Parse a XML element using the given raw node.
Format the given money using the default units.
Removes an instance from the instances list of this class. If the instance does not exist in the
Read the DHCP settings from the system properties.
Log a warning message.
Read as string.
Creates a new field vector of the specified size that is filled with values from the specified preset
Remove a transaction service listener.
Insertion Sort - isort for quick sort algorithm
Tests the implementation of consistent model class.
Called when a new object is found in the BeanContext. If the object is an instance of Map
Removes all the layers from the map
Returns the number of productions contained in the rule.
Create a zookeeper node with the given path and data with ACL.
Write the Shape to the given output stream.
Compares the specified object with this monetary quantity for equality. This method returns true if the specified
Creates a new reflective attribute which can be used to set the value of the field with the
Processes a log event.
remove membership listener
Add a message to the given URI.
Present the final image on the screen
Increment a calendar by a given number of days.
push angular object to registry of notebook
Removes all items in the list matching the indexes
Creates a new internal tree view.
Determine if the Expression is an object type.
Interpolator interpolate function.
If auto requesting mods is enabled request them for each channel if they are not already requested.
Iterates over all values and returns true if one value matches.
rename a file
Handles the given number of error violations using the given formatter.
Remove a sensor from the selection.
Prints a way entity.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a string.
Find the full path of the managed object.
+ 1 ;
Determines if an object was clicked on by the user
Always throws UnsupportedOperationException
Map measurement to regex patterns.
Extract the contents of a zip file to a destination directory.
set the config file.
Creates new dialog.
teardown http request and output stream
Try to parse more data from an encoded image.
Test simple ear.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Indicates whether some other object is `` equal to '' this one.
Send a notification via the wifi monitor
Checks whether the value exists in the post corresponding to the key
Removes a diagram change listener.
Returns a grid object creating it if necessary.
Removes the leading dollar from the string if it exists.
clear system properties
Sets the number p
Initialize and display the chart at the given stage.
Accept a data point for the current axis.
Subtract the ranges in the other set from this set.
Create a new tailer and start it running in a daemon thread.
check whether the current operating system is mac os
Returns the number of values in the snapshot.
Create a d object from a DER encoded string.
Return a new string with all whitespace removed.
This method adds the message to the queue.
Disposes the menu.
Calculates the signed Euclidean distance between the two points.
real number expansion
Generate an array of ones of length l
Submit all the permissions to the activity
Test setting a properties on a deployable.
}
Create a new delete sub command handler.
This method removes cycles from the graph.
Converts a matrix into a string representation.
Find the first ancestor of a given context.
Kills the process.
Encode a char buffer.
Create a new metrics with the dimension map as the root.
Resolve a class.
Check if respawn point is inside this area.
Add a byte to the buffer.
Gets the use anti alias flag.
this method will load all the files for a given table and column
Validate zero long files.
Write the container to a data output stream.
Applies a mask operation to the string
Computes the duration by subtracting the start time from the current time and adding it to the
If the file is a nitf handle it. If the handle is a nitf return the
Takes a screenshot of the entire page.