Returns the depth of the node.
Converts two Bitsets into one.
Set the status of the adduserfields. attributes spec field to adduserfields. attributes
Returns a string with all of the attributes including the empty string.
Returns the union of this and that.
Returns true if the specified value is double equal to the specified target value.
Asserts that the int - value of the string is non - negative.
Recursively walks the specified directory for the specified depth and collects the specified collection of
Create a ordinal array from a set of tuples.
The result of calling this method is equal to the result of calling this method. The result
Do nothing if the dataset change event is a dataset change event.
Method to call the onschedule method.
Checks if is string type.
Asserts that the input SQL string is a valid SQL statement.
Returns an array with the values of the elements in the given array.
Returns whether or not the istrace is enabled.
Use the missile item on the player so that it can be removed from the player s
This method sets the network configuration for this template.
Calculate the determinemax level of a node.
Requests that the view to render the passcode instead of the passcode itself.
Called when a worker is failed to run.
Fails if the table does not exist in the database.
Puts a map entry to the disk.
Report the end of an element.
Displays a warning message if the log level is greater than or equal to the current level
Removes all leaf with the specified name.
Returns a string buffer.
Validates a bitset for a given component.
Remove the specified thread from the list.
Returns whether or not the bound of the current stack scroll to the new value.
Waits for a match to see if a match is contained in the request.
This method is used to start additional services.
Update the view.
Paints the image.
Returns whether or not an event with the given name is allowed.
Returns whether this string is prefixed with the specified string.
Releases a connection to the database.
Add actions to the quickactionview.
Adds a renderer to the renderers at the specified index.
Copies an image to an outputstream.
Calculates the angle of a value.
Return a buffer to the pool. If the current size of the buffer is larger than the
Create abstract options from the given iterable using the supplied base options and the supplied values.
Concatenates this character with another.
This method is used to get the video data.
Change the state of this object.
Test the getorder of the big integer.
Formats the logginglevel message and the throwable at the local time.
Constructs a key for a particular queue.
Decode a string with a given charset.
Add a domain name to the list of restricted domains. If the domain name does not exist
Sets the read write lock and the stopper to be used.
Fails if the table is not unique or does not have the same schema as the table
Copy the contents of the given byte array to the given output stream.
Returns true if one or more of the items has been added to the list.
Renders a single frame.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid ncname.
Adds a message to the field builder. If the message is null then the field is
Returns the prepared dataset list for the given string.
Returns an array of proxys.
Check the string for a value and return true if the value is pattern.
Rebuild the journal.
Removes all rules from the rule list.
Add nodesindocorder from an iterator to the current DTM.
Returns true if data has been fetched since the last fetch interval otherwise false.
Create a documenttype with the given qualified name and publicid.
Returns the field as a byte array.
Get the value of an enum from a style. hascssname.
The SCEMpegnextavcrpau function - sets the number of active
create a map with the export mask s id as key and the map as value
Inserts an object into the array at the specified index.
Writes a component to the current page.
Put a document in the cache.
Update the progress of the host.
Copy a file from an inputstream to an outputstream.
Tries to create a new file with the specified path and type with the specified fadein
Override this method to draw the medgeg low top and bottom padding.
Load properties from an array of classes.
Method used to add a second big integer to the current big integer list.
Fixes the GPS time stamp of a xmpnode.
Returns whether or not the specified cell consumption contains the specified event type.
Reads an integer from the stream.
Create the y axis of the current value set.
Gets the max.
Print this job.
This method is used to extend the rendering of this object to the rendering of the other object
Attempts to parse the next token that matches the specified pattern.
Fails if the table does not exist.
This method is used to get the filechannel from the cache and store it in the filename
Remove a swipelistener from the set of listeners.
Replaces _str with _str if it was a field signature.
Adds an array of parameters to the request.
Makes a copy of this atom with an annotation class.
Returns the boolean value corresponding to the resource id.
A convenience method for creating a JSON map from a string to an object.
Create a pattern expr with the given parameters.
Returns how many lines intersect each point on the line2d a and the point2d
Returns a new set with the specified elements removed from the specified set. If the specified set
Returns the current unix timestamp.
Returns true iff this object is a PDF license.
Used to draw the grid background to the canvas.
Opens a zipstreamimpl for a given path.
Returns an array containing all of the characters in the specified string.
This method is called when the result code is returned from the asynchronous method of the Activity or
The most common submitter queue for this thread.
Returns true if the element is field package private.
The result is equal to the original result. The original result is not changed.
Converts the given string to upper case.
Loads the text.
Returns the radius of theelector.
Returns the width of the text.
Writes an array of bytes to the buffer.
If the object has a adminlevel attribute set the adminlevel attribute of the object.
Internal method to parse a string.
Adds a list of paths to the current path.
Decode a string to a byte array.
If expression is enabled throw a illegal stateexception with the specified error message.
A convenience method to slide a view from top - level to bottom - level
Makes a mutable big - endian copy of the contents of this Mutable big - endian integer
Ssobindingerror method.
Called to start a checkpoint manager.
Create an index for a segment.
Returns the current string. If the current string is closed it is returned. If the current
Inserts a parameter into the map. If the parameter is null a new list is created
Returns the minimum layout size for the specified container.
Select the object at the given position.
Returns a list of options.
Ignorable whitespace is the same as Ignorable whitespace.
Waits for the next ieditor to become active.
Returns the solution with the largest objective from the population
Converts a given latm to a y coordinate.
Register a callback handler.
Reads a propertylist parse from an inputstream and returns the resulting object.
Returns the current score function.
The method to get the data string of the specified files.
Checks that a string is not already in a spannablestring builder.
Throws a runtime exception if the given array is non - zero.
Process a connection event.
Returns the percentage of the constant s in the specified range.
Quiet close a closeable.
release the pagecontext and add it to the threadlocal pagecontext stack
Add an event listener for the sip dialog.
Determines whether or not a redundant entry is required.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Load properties from a classpath resource.
Returns true if this object is the same as the specified object.
Convert a string to a name - value pair and return the result.
Called when a new scroll event is received.
Returns the object at the specified location in the specified map.
Parses the template file and returns the result as a string.
Computes the difference between the two specified strings.
Set the domain name of this object.
Count the number of non - delimiter characters in this string.
Index a codeindexdocument.
Reset the xmlcomponent to its initial state.
Handle an exception with the specified title and message.
object - > i18n - > beancontextChild support - > beancontextChild support
Draws an individual obejct with an enabled color.
Log throw method.
Converts the given string to a big integer and equals the result.
Stops the accellistener with the given accuracy.
Determines whether or not this node is allowed to log any additional log entries.
Set the maxcrlselector of the given string as a big integer.
Evaluate and show the error menu.
Attempts to removetask the specified task.
Unit test for rounding mode.
Ensures that the given path exists.
Load a class.
Returns the minimum width of the specified measure spec or zero if the specified measure spec is not
Returns true if the view at the given x and y is a descendant of the view under
Set the rules from a workspace.
Writes a byte array to a file.
Adds an item to the list.
Check the pending custom messages to see if they are verified. If they are then add them
Returns the determinsecutivedigit count of the specified charsequence starting at the
Parse and add a node to the favorites table.
Calculates the Crambleimage height.
Asserts that numericscalars are equal to the original numericscalars
Close the callback listener.
Returns the index of the specified object in the specified array or - 1 if the object is
Populate the profiles list.
Checks that the file has the right major and minor version and throws a thlexception
Gets the real differences between this and another.
Convert a string algname to a string with the same touppercase name as the
This method is called by the generated code to construct a uniform generator instance.
Checks to see if the current position is within the buffer s bounds. If it is
Called when a mouse event occurs.
Add the specified module to the specified collection.
Returns true if the current connection has at least one of the specified tables.
Returns a list of strings which are the class names of the specified features.
Binds the header view holder at the given position.
Updates the highbouring list. If the highbouring list is not
Start a rectangle at the specified location with the specified width and height.
Refreshes the layout of the page using a refresh of the current layout.
Replaces the specified split element at the specified index with the specified fragment.
Generate a string builder for a list item.
Returns the number of initial records.
Called when a mouse event occurs.
Scans the specified directory for files and returns the files found.
Returns true if the node has no next postponed.
Returns true if this is a m selected multielement.
Normalize the path of a URI.
casts a XML Element to an integer value
Read the string from the reader and close the reader.
Adds a new getter for the specified property name to the variant.
Marks an entry as used by the system.
Executes the command and returns the result as a string.
Extract the tokens for the specified endpoint from the provided string array and excise them with the
Registers an implementation of the specified algorithm uri with the specified class.
Set up the keyvalue persistenceset.
Returns true if the specified character sequence contains a word breaking character.
This method checks if all the strings in the segment are interior with each other.
Removes the specified object from the list.
Compose the before and after parameters. Returns null if the input is null.
Adds a column spec to the list of column spec objects.
Converts a string to a field name.
Generates a new secretkey.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the given error message.
Execute SQL for a list of SQL statements.
Rebuild the journal.
refresh the done button text.
Create a new migrationtaskeditor page and add it to the container.
Expands the specified number of bytes in the buffer.
Converts a string to a IPv4 address.
Closes a cursor.
Returns true if there is a pattern at the current position that matches the given pattern false otherwise
Push an integer onto the stack.
Returns the string representation of a node.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Notifies the failure listener of the given exception.
Transform a streamsource with a given stylesheet.
Split string with default delimiter escape char.
Reads all data from the input stream until the requested number of lines has been read.
Removes an obigation from the specified basicblockid.
Set the curview bounds to the right and the width of the rect.
Create a compoundcontent object.
Checks to see if this cluster is valid.
Takes a string and splits it into a set of integers and returns the first integer found
Returns the index of the specified object in the specified array or - 1 if the object is
Appends a string value to the end of a list.
Return true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Add the statement between the specified objects.
Encode a string.
Returns the number of occurrences of the object in the given geotimeserie gts
Recursively computes all the children of the given node.
Creates a searcher for the content of the index.
Adds a field to the query.
Computes the combination of a and b with a given function.
buildcreateschemastatement string
Inserts all non - negative entries into the result array. The result array will be copied
Set the listener for this stream.
Assentence this sentence.
Returns true if this is a pronoun.
Appends the shorttype to the string builder.
Tokenizes a string.
Backup a favorites.
Updates the rolling value.
Returns the validation error messages for the current payment product.
Returns the current state of the keystore.
Perform aoresult operation with the list of master keys and the headers.
Called when a state is changed.
Returns a string array with the contents of the specified string separated by the specified delimiter.
Initialize the required grid layout.
Returns true if the frame is visible false otherwise.
Create amosaic definition in the specified account.
Returns the result for a given node and collection of clauses and relnode.
This method is used to get all SSL certificates for the current connection.
Returns true if the given component is one of actionsource2 or editablevalue holder.
Adds a listener to the cbitemlistener list.
Gets the square root of a number using the square root of a real number.
Runs a collection of callable objects and returns the time at which the callable was called.
Append a char to the array.
Called when the field is associated with a many - to - many relationship.
Builds a UNION query for the given typed discriminator column and selection columns.
Sets the node of the given coordinate to be the directedgestar of this coordinate.
Increments the count of the table by the given accuracy.
Revert a list of files to a virtualfile root.
Concatenates all the elements of the given arrays into a new array.
Returns an iterator over the tagged values of this string.
Recursively ascendtree the tree.
Returns true if this object can read.
Copy the data from the buffer to the specified array.
Called when an item is removed from the list.
Normal PDF static version
Sorts a copy of an array of objects.
Adds a zoomlistener to the manager.
Clears allregisters from the stack.
Fires a workflow annotation selected event.
Return true if this is the same as the specified serverm. If not return false.
Checks to see if the specified string should be skipped. If it should be skipped it
Remove a service uri from this registry.
Returns null if the given string does not refer to any of its attributes.
Writes to the specified writer.
Return true if the specified date is equal to the current date.
Record the specified record builder impl.
Returns true if the method is the correct method for the proxy.
Method used to sign and verify that the number is the same as the one passed in.
Clears all properties of this class.
Returns the distance between the two vectors.
This method checks if the specified backupinfo file is in the same directory as the current version
Converts a string to lower case.
Verify that all the bytes in the current big integer are the same.
Build a comment.
Asserts that the attributes of the first eventbean match the attributes of the second eventbean
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Returns the touppercase of a string.
Return an iterator of all required nodes.
Unlock the current thread.
Returns a formatted version of the given text according to the format outlined above.
The method forc request string builder.
Adds a dropitem.
Returns a list of entities with the given ids.
Load a workflow from the properties.
Return the hashcode of this certificate.
removefromtags the tag and fire a property change event for the specified string.
Verify a signature.
Delete a webappfile. If the webappfile is not a directory delete it. If the
Asserts that the contents of an array of objects are identical to the contents of an array
Formats the current string based on the status of the rolloutgroup and the finished.
Generates a hostname for the given virtual machine and hostid.
Transfers data from one file to another.
Unwraps a string from an expression.
Return whether or not the mpies segment list is all of the given dataset size.
Returns the next time interval to draw.
Returns the number of lines needed to insert the specified string into the specified buffer at the specified
Returns the square root of a double.
Starts a transition from one resultpoint to another.
Converts a number of bits to a string.
Encodes the given bitset into a byte array. If the bitset is null then
Sends a messagetokenizer message.
Waits for a lock to become available.
This is a helper method to load the translation cache if it is empty.
Configures the cursor for a navigation mode.
Adds an event to this set.
Returns the stoptime of the named object. If the object does not exist it is
Returns the summary string of this resource.
Creates a file with the given path and if the path does not exist it will be deleted
Adds a h span.
Gets the current extent of the brd items and filter the set of active connections.
Create a new key builder instance.
Returns the list of nodes that are possible parents of x.
Load properties from an inputstream and store the result in a new properties object.
Opens a new database connection.
Add relations to a task.
This method is used to perform afloAddp operation on the topology. It
Sleep for given number of milliseconds.
Asserts that all elements in the hash table are not contained in the hash table.
Calculates the logarithm of the given masses.
Returns true if the string is a valid token.
Converts a string to a double.
Put a string into the buffer.
Adds a rtcpevent listener.
Ensures that the number of columns is at least the number of data in the system.
Override the error function to throw an exception with a custom error handler.
Connects to a file descriptor.
Returns true if the node at the given node handle is whitespace.
Creates a new cstatus panel with the given debugger provider.
Override this method to open a new file. If the file is the same as the one
Removes a spring from the spring registry.
Gets the filename.
Converts a string to a bnode.
Resets thepsrs so that it can be used again.
Sorts a byte array.
Closes the currently opened popup.
Remove an object from the cache.
Stays the viewvertically with the specified crosssize.
Converts a string to an inet address.
Calculates the current failure retry time based on the multiplier and maximum.
Read a double.
Checks to see if the bar is at maximum or not.
Returns true if the next sequence in the queue matches the specified string.
Parses a tileset properties file and adds it to the maptileset.
Computes a date for the given value.
Enable the paning of the proxy.
Returns the distance between the two points.
URL a string with the given protocol host and port.
Create a new method
Set a file command info return the results of the command
Initializes all widgets of this widget group.
This method is used to get the sslsocket factory from the current thread s url connection.
Returns the samplemax of the statistics.
Returns a representation of the specified user.
Asserts themissionname of this string.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Release the resources held by this object.
Close all the resources associated with this object.
Resolves a list of class paths and a list of files.
Waits for an instance of the exemption mechanism to be available.
Removes all configuration values from this configuration object.
Remove old messageprocessor from cache.
Set the X. 509 issuer X. 509 certificate.
Add a graphedgematcher descriptor to the file.
Puts the contents of the specified byte array into this buffer at the current position.
Converts an array to a string using the specified string delimiter.
Clears all data from the internal data structures.
Parses a string containing compierec data.
Returns a newluastate.
Checks to see if the memory is big enough to hold the data.
Reads the next record from the stream.
Limit the specified rectangle to the specified points.
Shutdown the scheduled pool.
Convert a collection of inet addresses to a collection of inet addresses.
Return a new string with the same contents of the current string but with a different index.
Calculates the total number of time series for this tag and the number of time series
Append the specified character to the specified string builder.
Migrate columns from an existing model to a newly created model.
Returns the row count for the specified string.
Makes a jarfile and reads all meta - information from it.
Adds an attribute to the table.
Adds the given key - value pair to the current value if not already present.
Sorts the elements in the given array according to the natural order of the elements in the
Indicates whether or not the current context is a sipserver transaction.
Adds a layered[ start end ) occurrence to the set of marks. Returns the
Read fully into a portion of an inputstream.
Throws testabortedexception if the condition is true.
Add a product to the cart.
Adds an itemset to this model.
Skips from the peek buffer to the specified length.
Create a new method workflow.
Show a list of URLs.
Converts the mouse event to a grid point. If the event is not a grid point
Computes a string from a string.
Generates a call identifier string.
Parses a hour.
Do the real history.
Performs substitution on an array of original types. If the substitution is not one of the
Returns a collection of all TCP transports.
Adds a seconds operation to the lockout.
Show the list of all hivedatabases.
Set the result array to a - b where b and a - b are the same.
Returns the q - rate of a number between 0 and the q - rate of f.
The method to decode a string and return an object.
Copies properties from a searchdocument to a new document.
Set this matrix to a new matrix.
Release a lock for a specific entry.
Returns the unicastref for this channel.
Returns the index of the last element of the specified array or - 1 if the element is
Writes a byte buffer to the underlying file.
Returns the result of two numbers if they are equal. Otherwise the result is nan.
Returns a new bigstring with the same contents but the specified one appended to the end.
Block until a thread is interrupted or the idle state is set to idle.
Moves the current moving point.
Writes the given number of float values to the current position in the buffer starting at the
Returns true if the specified ip is contained in the specified list.
Attempts to lock the specified object.
Checks to see if the current request is a knownCookie and if so adds it to
Selects a file to import.
Use this API to create a gt_metagenerated_item.
Read the contents of an inputstream fully into a byte array. The input stream is closed
Parse a prepared statement for named parameters.
Writes a long value to the buffer at the given offset.
Returns true if an action result was received.
Generate a random string using the specified number of rounders.
Check the given object key and hash it if not already.
Adds a decimal number to the current string and returns a buffer of the specified string.
Runs the specified initscript if required.
Parse an integer from a string.
Prints an object s current line to the standard output.
Checks that an array is all non - zero and if not throws a mathillegal
Initialize the jsonObject with the buttons and the keyboard button views.
Returns true if the given string isautonew.
Finds relative path.
Resets the root context.
Returns a new big integer that is the same size as the original and not negative. The
Generates a random string of a certain length.
Throws an unsupported operationexception since the property cannot be found in the system.
Remove an attribute.
Evicts a key from this cache.
Returns true if the given exception is an error code.
Set a message with an exception.
Adds fill components to the specified container.
Insert the usedcontextl to the current string builder.
Adds the duration to the put timenanos.
Pre - computes a list of integers with a given tweak.
Get the elevation of a point.
Create a observedobject with the specified object name.
Remove all children of an element.
Saves the initial child state of the specified component.
Returns true if this brditem has at least one contact.
Ensures that the given object is not null.
This method is used to read a list of strings from an input stream.
Pad the given string with the given length to the right.
Returns a vector of strings representing the number of measure units of this vector.
This method is called when a task is completed.
Adds a prefs button to the panel.
Remove all unused objects.
Create a new gridfield.
Create an interleavedraster from a point. The origin is assumed to be the
Copies a local filename to a carbon file.
Liefert die uio jetzt.
Converts a string to a double.
Adds an ifpanellist listener to the listeners list.
Returns true if the feature is stable.
Calculates the size of a string and adds it to the specified fsize.
Perform validation.
Returns a string builder for this buffer.
Writes a single pixel to an image.
Called when the slider s state changes.
Writes string content to a file.
Checks if the given url points to a protocol file or vfsfile.
Update the relaystate of the current status. If the current status is smaller than the specified
Converts a string representation of an oid to an array of ints.
Returns a set of servers for a given site.
Create a genericobject editord dialog using a genericobject editord dialog as a parent.
Checks to see if a styled layer contains inlinef waiters.
Decode the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
Run finalization.
Displays all string defined in xml.
Check the http servlet request length.
Adds a foreignkey to the specified table.
Override oncreate to create your own handler objects.
This method is used to push a notification to the eureka server.
Append a JSON string to a string builder.
update from resource
Deselected an item at the specified index.
Return true if the specified object is leaf.
Adds a listener.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Converts a vector to a double array.
Overrides the default implementation so that only one output can be written at a time.
Sets the current time of the session.
Perform a post with a single batch request.
Returns the programdirectory.
Clears the state of the manager.
Returns the keystore type that matches the given string.
Generate a next level of object mapper.
Returns a hex digit from the given character at the given index.
Return the object represented by this object as a jsonobject
Load a keystore from a file.
Remove a property copy of a property copy.
Returns the value of whether or not the device is caching enabled for the current context.
AND the bits of this bit - set with the bit - set of the given bit -
Returns true if the given object is the same as this object s principal entry.
Returns true if the tag is not validlockdownprofile false otherwise.
Checks if the given filename contains the given extensions.
Set streamone outerjoin qualifier and set the outerjoin qualifier to streamone.
Decode anansix12segment.
Create a new kdb database.
Decodes a add part.
Sorts the array.
Rebuilds the panel.
Processes a number of bytes from the input stream.
Return the content of the given file as a string.
If the current page is not the last page then set it as the new current page.
Returns the inputstream if the current timem millis is greater or equal to the number of
Returns a typed list containing all the types of this type.
Add rule to the batch list.
Returns true if the given element is visited.
Sets the abstractawsiotclient to use.
Generates a future that is exceptionally completed with the given throwable.
Initializes the Performercast errors.
Check if the mouse event has the given modifiers.
Emit the current line and retained variables.
Set the scheme authority path query and fragment.
Returns a list of all goalnode translation on the hypergraph starting at the specified topn
Reads a character from the string.
Return whether or not the blocksnap uri is a supported storage.
Returns an iterable containing all the services associated with this file descriptor.
Removes all code values from the given string.
The result is the same as the original result. The result is the same as the original
Quantile method.
Validates a given signature on a given cert and signed data.
Returns the number of elements in the sequence.
Add the servletrunas role.
Returns a copy of the array with the same contents but the same number of entries removed.
Set the field to be multitermqueryed.
Prints the value of the given object as a line. If the object is disabled the line
Calculate the aggregateientity for the entity and all its sub - entities.
Throws an exception if the generated XML is invalid.
Returns a copy of this string.
Returns true if the specified member is an accessor pair and the specified member is a t
Creates a simple date format for the given string.
Writes a kml document to a file.
Returns a string representation of the destination.
Used to refresh the groups list from the server.
Initialize the components.
Method to get the list of default headers.
Clear all aempar sys elements in this component.
Submits a request to the server.
Registers a new client with the server.
Convert an inputstream to an inputstream and convert it to a base uri.
Convert the specified string to a date using the specified date formats. If the specified string is
Removes an object from this object.
Gets all non - empty non - empty non - empty non - empty non - empty
Generate the hiv timeseries.
Rename the given panel.
Returns true if the given row is not a fitassingleline.
Override before method to get all stacktraces.
Converts a vector3 to a point on the screen. If the pjunproject
Replaces each character in the target string with the specified replacement string.
URL encodes a string.
Draws a rendered image using the affinite transformation.
Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk Sk
Liefert die Betrag der uebergebene Listen.
Reads the contents of a file into a buffered reader and announceseeds it
Formats a number of milliseconds to a string.
Add a new property verbatim.
Creates a new folder and returns it. If the folder does not exist it is created.
Adds a string array to the resourcepoet.
Add a subaction.
Adds entries to the list of entries for the specified row.
Returns true if the given collection contains at least one element from the given collection.
Asserts that the duration of the element at the specified index is in the specified range.
Perform a diff to the current log.
Add an image to the fieldframe.
Sets a new resource with the specified mimetype.
Extract the values from the hashtable and add them to the hashtable.
Returns the WF - infreq of the given number.
Generate a roundedicongenerator.
Generates random bytes of the specified size.
Wraps the current string with a new string buffer.
Copies a part of a message into this buffer.
Returns true if the entry has expired.
put a boolean value to the object
Write attribute to xmlfile.
Handles the selection of the specified item.
Returns true if the workfile can be invoked.
Write the header to the outputstream
Return the contents of this request as a byte array.
Fade out the misLayeron back to starting.
Packmodified first stereoending.
Add a textitor to the listeners list.
Returns an iterator over the profiles in the order they were registered.
Returns true if the specified string contains space.
Adds the given path to the path string.
Converts key to level.
Returns true if the mouse event has been selected by the mouse event. Otherwise it returns false
Initialize the dynamic cachinghttp headers filter.
Adds a component to the set of managed components.
Waits for the specified snode to become available.
Load the object with the specified generalsubtrees.
Reads a single byte.
Checks to see if the node is not in healthcheck mode.
Writes the contents of a string to a file.
mock input with key as value
Returns the angle between p0 and p1.
Set the column names for the in memory cursor position.
Returns the enabled state of the slider.
This method is used to render the back - end to the process element.
Create a modbustransaction.
Starts the runner.
Create a new export object and return its identifier.
Returns the createdbffdcd directory or null if it doesn t exist.
Reads a string builder from the given inputstream.
Moves all children of the specified querytree into a new list.
Initializes the tipoftheday messages array with the specified list of strings.
Create a new empty queue with the specified parameters.
Appends the objects to the string builder.
Returns true if the specified eventset descriptor is allowed to access the specified event.
Wraps a request for a specific type of opengraphaction.
Show the loading indicator.
Reads the external matrix.
Computes the mad between the median and the positive median.
The specified throwable is a sdpexception.
Links node as first element or returns false if full.
Notify listeners that a property has been changed.
Returns true if the specified item is indicated by a read operation.
Sets a range of values for this jvalue pair. The minimum and maximum values are set
Adds the additional attributes to the tacticalgraphic attributes.
Increments the idle count for the specified status and sets the current time as the new
The remoteserv level method.
Read a ByteBuffer from the input stream. If the requested number of bytes is larger than the
Start the server.
Returns true if the operation is complete.
Encode the string using the specified encoding hints.
Copies the contents of this buffer into the specified array starting at the specified offset.
Sets a header for a request.
Updates the ui.
Generates the extensionmanager for the specified file.
Submit a task to the pool.
Checks if the bucket name is valid. If not it adds the string to the string
Validates the user namespace authorization key and the namespace permissions key in the request.
Returns a formatted string representation of the given object.
Computes the difference between the two points in x and y.
Check whether or not a block consistency group has been created.
Attempts to close the given closeable. If the closeable is null an exception is
Retrieves a message from the queue.
Remove the specified range of times.
Increments the current read position by one and returns the result.
Tears down the server and deletes all the files.
Adds the specified or criteria to the current criteria set.
Sets the releaseselections for the specified set of entities.
Start a hublink mapping.
Adds a new property to the loads list and returns true if the property was changed.
Validate the computeby AWS name is equal to the specified vmname.
Converts an array tag into a string.
Remove the argument at the specified index and return the index.
replacepolicyinresourc search for a given policy and add a new policy to the
Returns a vector of the specified length as a long array.
Transferto a file from one file to another.
Rec computeseperation.
Make a buffered image with the maximum width and height of the image.
This method is called by the HTTP route when a request is sent to a HTTP method.
Write the element localname to the file. If the element does not exist a new element
Add a process interaction listener.
Replaces the first occurrence of the search string with the replacestr string.
Puts a byte at the given index.
Configures the turnout operation with the specified turnout operation.
Generates a random string using a random string builder.
Draws the description text.
Returns the number of bytes for the specified path in the specified freespace.
Finds an interlanguagelink for a given language.
Sets the load action enabled for the given addressspace.
Create a new parallel processing buffer with the given source and parallelism.
Tries to cleandDirectoryon exit for the specified directory. If the directory does not
Adds a new gumball to the display.
Adds the specified segment to the supplied list and returns the count of the last entry.
Fills the table with the contents of a table. The table is deleted.
Adds a channel to the server.
Change the size of this point.
Inserts a new row into the block.
Add a default uri.
Transfers a string to the current string.
Calculates the Euclidean distance of a point lineperpendicular to the
Returns a copy of the internal representation.
Deterine the document and its child elements.
Get the patchfixids for this object.
Reads the contents of the given byte array into this buffer s internal buffer.
Return true if this is a Jellybean or later version.
Computes the partialcorrelation PDF for a specific number of points.
Returns true if command line is enabled on the operating system.
Returns true if the outputfile exists and is a directory. If the outputfile does not
Add an element to the responseMemelisteners.
Returns the logarithms of all statistic values.
Returns true if the automaton a is not from the initial.
Subtract the specified decimal from this value and return the result.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Attempts to read the next character from the stream.
Gets a specific URI from a remote system. Use this to get a URI from a
Convert a base64 encoded string to abytebuffer.
Returns true if the progress was step by the current mduration ; false otherwise.
Loads characters from the input stream and appends them to the given string builder.
The method signaturefakes the signature information of the given document string.
Create an arbitrarylength path node.
Adds a listener which gets notified when the frame is changed.
Reads a scanyamldirectLY - formatted integer from the current position in the
Converts an array of ints to a string.
Convert Decode 16 - bit samples to a ByteBuffer.
Return true if the token is valid
Write attribute to xmlfile.
Expands all the node paths to the root node.
Create a linkedhashset of namespace URIs for each ivcount with the specified predicatepartition
Executes a code. The code is executed in a single - thread and the result is
signalgroup subtableaction.
Returns a list of all string values from the from index to the to index.
Compares to the one in the array. The array should be the same length as the
Adds an attribute of the specified type to the attribute map. If the attribute map does
Set the default charset for all URIs.
Converts RGB color to Cmyk color.
Shows an error message.
Create a namevalue pair from a string.
Returns a new string with all chars removed from the current string.
Computes the cos of a radians.
Called when the application is being destroyed. This method is called when the application is being destroyed
Remove a vetoable vetoable attribute of the XLogPDescriptor object.
Does the given filename exist?
Create a windowsfile attributes object from afinddata address.
Writes map to xml.
Fires an event automatically if the event is not already there.
Returns true if the entry is a full entry.
Returns true if the specified resource is a module resource.
Write an annotation.
Converts an inet address to a long.
Retrieves whether or not the given revision is a revision of the given revision.
Returns the list of generic entry for the given date.
Returns a new stringlist that contains this string plus another string.
Walk parsetreew data and create a new empty parsetreew data object
Reads a single character from the stream.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Returns a list with all the morphological parts of the specified string.
Isbooksearchurl boolean.
Get the full path of a class.
Removes the specified prfx from the title prefix.
Send the specified set of reply processors. If there are multiple reply processors with the same name
Returns true if the object is a match for the given service name and attributes.
Returns true if o1 equals o2.
Find the index of a roadnumber in the system list.
Converts a string to a slashed classname. If the string is already a slashed
Returns the average number of integers in the array r with respect to y.
Creates a new location with the specified name.
Called by the framework when it is closing.
Remove the specified downloadid from the list of download URLs for the specified downloadid.
Checks if is android SDK dir in local properties file.
Returns true if the token key exists in the specified bundle false if not.
Reset the policy.
Returns true if the specified event name is allowed.
Calculate a vector2 that is a power of o with a given value
Creates a new instance of the class with the specified method name and the specified types and the
undump a chunk from an inputstream. Returns null if the inputstream does not match
Adds a button to this panel.
Creates a matcher response source for a specific request and adds it to the list of mappings.
This method is used to set all attributes of the object to empty set if the object is
Splits a string into an array of strings separated by a separator.
Insert the given instruction at the end of the stack.
Instantiates an instance.
Set format string for parser.
Appends the contents of an iterator to a string builder.
Returns true if the notification is full.
Schedules a playlistsavetask for the current thread if it is not already running
Returns whether or not a sequence of values stored in the variables array is equivalent to a sequence
Called when an action is being performed on an event.
Return a string as a string buffer.
Returns the value of the argument as an integer.
Displays a verbose level message if verbose is enabled.
Save the index to a new file.
Returns the bitap score of a match for the specified pattern at the specified location.
Move the current position to the given deltay.
Put all of the values in the specified map.
Inserts a string into the buffer.
Returns a string representation of this message.
Send data to the finer.
Reads the contents of the reader and writes the results to the output writer. Closes
Checkbookies up for the specified number of strings.
Convert a point2d to an inverset transform.
Returns whether the exception generated by the closure should fail. If the exception was not generated by
Sends a packet.
Process an attribute string of type T_yesno into a boolean value.
Loads a keyname pair.
Return a list of all workorder that are not associated with an action.
Set the week number of the year and month in the specified time zone.
Queue a resource.
Encode and sign the given subject using the given signature.
Schedule a timert fixed rate task.
abbreviates the specified string with the specified font metrics.
Stop thewraparound test.
Throws an exception if the row is out of bounds.
Caller must hold lock on this object. Caller must hold lock on this object.
Determines the strength of a territory.
Joins all names with the given identifier.
Converts the specified string to a date. If the specified string is a valid date the
Returns the caller string followed by the answer string.
Returns true if the specified character is whitespace.
Removes a filter from the filter list.
Removes a set of classifiers from the model.
This method is used to add a property at a time.
Returns the number of checkpoints.
Adds an object to the list.
Adds a list of urls to the builder.
Adds a new virtualarray. If the virtualarray does not exist or does not have
Returns true if the specified row and column are distinct.
Removes all connections from trash root block.
Concatenates the given arrays into a single list.
Iterates over all edges of a pattern and adds them to the graph.
Validate custom catalog.
Set up the thread pool for the specified queue using the specified statistics and the specified thread factory
Checks to see if the specified string is isssdpdis suitable for the specified request
Adds a child to this node at the specified index.
Restore a selection to its original state.
Converts the buffer to a byte array.
Mute and unmute the context.
Attempts to consume the specified number of events from the queue. If the queue is full
Update theuifrom command.
Compares to zero.
Returns a random integer using a Gaussian distribution.
Computes the moversc work done by a constant factor. If the movers
Set the capacity of this vector. The default capacity is used.
Process an invite request.
Logs an object using the current thread s logger.
Reads the receivedelay field.
Writes the indentation for the specified number of times.
Returns the hashcode of the elements in this set.
Converts a string to an integer.
Returns whether or not the current AST node is invalid.
Pushes an int onto the stack.
motion event handler method.
Remove a batchclustererlistener.
Attempts to refresh the access token using the specified expiration date.
Remove a parseobject from the list of known objects.
Wraps an array of bytes on the heap.
Parse a JSON value into a string.
Asserts that the value of the last element of the current big integer is the same as
Inserts the specified element at the specified index before the specified element.
Grows the array list by a given number of entries.
Computes the inverse product of two vectors.
Checks to see if the inputstream is gzip compressed.
Insert a op at a given position.
Clears all cachesmsentries.
Registers an object with the server.
Asserts that a string contains an expected string. If the string does not contain the expected
Remove a classname from the set.
Fails the current thread and asserts that the previous thread failed.
Override paintcomponent in order to paint the entire component.
Calls the destroy method on the dynamicclassloader resource.
Delete the attachmentpoint at the specified port.
Returns the total number ofrecoverfiles in the pool.
Generates an imgameitem objects for each md5model and the default meshes.
Delete a experiment from the registry. This is a no - op if the group does not
Returns the formatted string of the given object. If the object is a date the date is
Compares the wait status of a node.
Returns the current thread dump creating it if necessary.
Checks to see if the process is running and if so Starts the output stream.
Returns true if the given string array matches the filter string.
Unlinks the non - null first node.
Initialize the document builder factory.
Gets the intercept value of the variable s variance.
Create the missing values.
Normalise the given path replacing _str with _str if it exists.
Start the non - blocking mode.
Expand a hiddendir filename.
Attempts to queue the current buffer.
Updates the current value with the supplied value and isselected.
Returns true if there is data available.
Helper method to append parametersignature to a string builder.
This method is called to complete the heartbeat.
Generate a new cipherParameters object.
Load the private key from the file.
Remove a listener that will no longer be notified
Returns true if one of the extensions is critical.
Returns true if the specified string is not in the given array.
Returns a copy of the node specified by the operation of the given node and deepest.
Call this when your application is done clean up.
Initialize with the configured values.
Returns a list of urls in the given shard.
returns a inputstream reader reading with the specified charset
Converts a rendered image to a zlib color
Adds a vertex to the vertex list.
Configure localservices.
Returns the index of the specified character sequence.
Appends the specified string to the current string.
Pushes a new variable to the listenable future.
Returns the string at the specified depth.
The column name is the touppercase of the column name and the object is the
Filter the string list to only those matching the year.
Convenience method to set the reason and the types.
Validates a bean and returns a list of error messages.
smart insert after aracket in the document.
Attempts to format the specified national number as a pattern. If the requested number is
Create a lookup table and fill its fields.
Creates a copy of the fieldconfigbase object.
Tests the sign - bytes onull of this string to see if they are the same.
Casttotype method used to convert an int to an object.
Forceeleteon exit the given file to be a directory. If the file is a
Overrides the default constructor.
Draws an annotation from the editor.
Adds an ipoint to this model.
Loads properties from the specified reader.
Adds an offsetteditem to the end of the list.
Add an annotation to an xml element.
Reads a boolean value from the file.
Returns a new enumeration with all of the measure strings in this vector.
Returns the logarithm of the given alpha value.
Starts the ticker with the specified delay and rightto left.
Returns the value of the specified identifier.
create a pendingaction context
Shows the specified class. If the class does not exist it will be created.
Resolves a class reference to the current object type and adds it to the hashset
Picks up a list of sizes with the largest area.
Verify the record at the given mac position.
Copies the content of the specified transferable object to the clipboard.
Converts a downloadsize to a percentage.
Update the actions.
Returns an unmodifiable collection containing all the elements in the specified collection.
The method to track hex images.
Returns a date with the specified string parsed as msimpletext.
Returns true if the node is processed at the specified direction false otherwise.
Invoke the waveform synthesizer.
Fetches a single quadedge from the graph.
Generate a collection of CRLs from an inputstream.
Deletes all entity configuration for the specified realm and federation id.
shared instance of datasourceviewsmanager
Returns a string representation of this string with the tag c1 tag c2 tag c1
This method will try to load a cached String from cachexml and return the result.
Extract the id from the pathinfo.
Decompress the string.
Polls over the entire contents of the file.
Close the input stream.
Compares the remaining bytes of this buffer to another buffer s remaining bytes.
Writes the given string to the output directory.
Add a byte array to the aggregate.
Extract policy notification datablock from xml string.
Flushes the log file to disk.
Attempts to find aparcel for the specified class.
Decodes a field name.
Returns true if this is a loginset based on the user name and password.
Add a contentitem to the list.
Get the canonical version of a class.
Pause for the specified number of milliseconds.
Returns whether or not the current node is highlightd by a given color.
Creates the configuration for the cancelling job.
Removes a listener that will no longer be notified when this frame is changed.
Generate the fields.
Returns true if the dialog is currently active.
Initializes the thread pool and the socket factory.
Removes all instances of the given regular expression from the given string and returns a new string
Starts a scroll for the specified number of times. If the requested number is smaller than
Retreive the list of waypoints specified by the searchquery.
Release all the resources held by the imageloader.
Returns the number of elements in the queue.
Adds a count field with the specified name and value.
Called when the user closed the dialog.
Create a mediaconfig entry.
Adds a parameter to the statement list.
Delete an event.
Checks to see if the specified volume is a full copy with the specified dbclient and
Return the specified string array starting from the specified position.
Returns true if the buffer is empty false otherwise.
Resets the time at which the query will take to run.
Returns the admin response for the given distribution manager.
Checks to see if the filename is external storage and if so adds a download failure title
plnoun a string with the specified number of units.
Verifies the signature of a DOM element.
Adds a video to the list.
Returns true if the specified target zone is within the specified radius range.
Read ModelNode from the specified reader with the specified columns.
Returns true if the given nal contains the given prefix else false.
UnShares the main hash.
Adds a component configuration entry.
Returns the number of names in this file.
Generate random points.
Parses the parameter string.
Adds a session token for a particular site.
Deserializes a distribution string into its original format.
Returns the meter stop pixels of the model at the specified latitude and longitude.
Send a range of bytes to the outputstream.
Add a basecontext to the current context stack.
Override this method to change the tab mode to either active or not.
Returns the header of a file.
Normalize each element of an array to a standard deviation.
Add a location.
Useful for formatting.
Encodes a string.
Check to see if there are more than nrofpreload paths to see if they
Returns true if the specified input column name is allowed.
Convert a hex string to a color.
Add a property at the end of the list. The property at the end of the list
An empty or null blob query.
Rebuild the journal.
This method is used to compare two big integer lists to see if they are the same.
Restore the locations of the object.
Wait until image is initialized.
Calculate the blackmanh arris4smin window function
Calculates the hash of a key using the SHA - 1 algorithm.
Returns the hashcode of this object.
Increment the received index.
Converts the specified text into a sentence according to the specified conversation context.
Use the given directory as the source file.
Called when a reads or writes are received.
Check the prosodicposition of the given element.
Convert a string to a big decimal.
Registers an inputstream operator with the given class loader.
Do permission work before androidm.
Deletes all theubgroup entry from the group container.
Generate a glowtask.
Initialize compiler and opt compiler.
Returns true if opendev returns true if opendev false otherwise.
Sends the next byte.
Encode a serializable object to a base64 string.
Creates an image object from a string and a context object.
Adds a list of profiles to this iddistributor.
Returns true if the key is an identifier.
Returns true if x1 - x2 is less than x1 and x2 - x
Moves the source node to a new location and adds the new point to the new location
Returns a list containing the objects obj1 obj2 and obj3.
Adds a macrorecord to the macrorecord list.
Adds an email address.
Finds the best hash provider for the given parameters.
Read a number of raw bytes from the buffer.
Returns true if there is a pair with the given x in the array.
Load all categories from the specified file.
Removes the transaction at the specified position.
add a type to a map
Clears up the assertion time.
Adds a status to this intent.
Generates a branch plan for a single table.
Adds a nodeport tuple to the maintenance queue if it does not already exist.
Returns the index of the first field on the stack.
Returns true if the type and subtype match.
Gets whether this object isarmed or not.
Sets the number of valid components to the specified value.
Returns the value of the script attribute of the session.
Returns true if this is the same as the specified object.
Returns the name of this variable.
Returns the MD5 checksum of the given string.
Returns true if the given filename is a valid skins spec file.
Inserts the null text at the specified index.
Set the labels of the chart based on the mouse event.
Attempts to load the specified string from the file system. If the string could not be
Disable the vmax 3 at a given location.
Returns a new latlon position.
Returns the index of the given object in the given array or - 1 if the object is
Returns the maximum layout size of the specified container.
Reads the contents of an inputstream into a string.
Adds the specified number of items to the uncounted set.
Logs the lease of the specified entry.
Removes the ripple from the ring buffer and invalidates it.
Writes the string to the buffer.
consumerecords a specified number of times
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Compare version.
Checks to see if a vector is valid.
Returns true if the suffix isobsessional.
The referenced block is the current block length. If the current block length is not the same
Removes the specified target child object from this child list.
Notifies all class observers of a class.
Duplicate two entries.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid appxml string for the specified mime type.
Creates a nativepage with the specified parameters and tab and tab modelselector for the specified URL
This method is used to throw a parse exception.
Sets a new layout to have the specified label and the specified text as the default layout.
memoidone is a memoidone that is a memoidone that is a mem
Liefert den Wert anzahl der classe.
Convert fieldtype to class. Returns null if fieldtype is not set.
Convenient method to add an xmlelementaftert identified by the last token index
Returns a map with all the content parents for the specified string. If the string is not
Create a dictionary from the inputstream and the inputstream affix.
Collapses all elements of a building.
Detach a iso from virtual machine.
Returns a string with the error msg as the reply.
Show or hide the menu.
Persists an authn provider and notifies the change event of the provider change
Adds an action to the undostack.
Copy the contents of an array to a new array.
Adds a sample to the timestamp arrays. If the timestamp arrays are full it is added
Encodes the body of a HTTP request.
Closes the ds and the sds.
Returns a substring of this string from the specified subject.
Remove a customsashform listener.
Writes a string to a file using the default charset.
Deletes a single variable from the session.
Returns the year month or date as a string.
Close the queue and join.
Converts a string to an integer.
Writes all column values from the result set to the output file.
Verify that the order of the elements is the same as the order of the elements in the
Verifies that the specified device has the same attributes as the specified device.
Add a window to the current time zone.
Returns a new hashtable with all the ilinesegment elements from the iterator passed in.
If true then ttf will be included in the result. If false then ttf will
Registers the macros for the current device.
Returns a copy of this map with the given initial capacity and the given load factor.
Adds an element to the set.
Populatestream blob.
Computes the sign from the key bit field of the given value.
Adds a keycache object to the nearkeys list.
Analyzeclassfields the given classname and action.
Checks whether the given log level is enabled.
Loads the description of the jframe at the given offset using the given debugger.
Asserts that the element attributes have the same name and namespace as its current element. The
Returns whether this object is critical.
Returns the commapos of the given string or tables if the given string is not a
Writes the default bondfile to the current directory. If the bondfile already exists it
Checks to see if we have newFollowers.
Ontrackpointelementstart.
Fires a propertychange event.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified string in the specified string descriptor starting at
Sort each field in an array.
Draw the background.
Adds a unique attribute for an element.
Checks the response of a deletevmresponse and throws an exception if an error occurs
Do the rest of the work.
Limits the specified matrix by the specified rectf with the specified content matrix.
Returns the value factory.
refresh token if the current token is the same as the provided one.
Adds a style to the styleselector map.
Extracts the client name from the given host.
Construct a fast future from an completable future.
Returns true if the specified action is a place action.
Adds a view to the list if it doesn t exist already.
Read the contents of an inputstream into a byte array.
Plays the player window.
Converts a string to a string using the default charset.
Encodes a collection of flags to a single integer.
Adds a new source to the list.
Adds a new value with a given weight.
Adds a jPanel to the row with a jPanel label for the specified string and
Formats the given string using the given date format.
Returns true if the string is a child group.
Throw an arrayindexoutofboundsexception.
Returns the locusinfo of the specified stop before locus or null if the specified stop
This method is used to set the current values of a global configuration element.
This method is used to launchemailchem out an activity and send an email.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Adds an item to the list at the specified position.
Add a translator to the class pool.
Writes the contents of a string to the output stream.
Returns the next line from the scanner or null if there are no more lines.
Returns true if the specified string matches the specified regular expression.
Writes a gridtable to a file.
Add a fixed view to the adapter.
Adds a close hook.
The runnable is called if the thread is rejected by an exception. If the exception is not
Updates the bounds of the rectangle based on a given x y value.
Checks to see if the given charsequence is standard enough to contain the current character.
Reads the configuration from the specified file.
Increments thetradescore value for the player so that it will no longer
Returns null if the argument is not a valid URL.
Create a breakpoint from a set of tracelist events and a set of addresses.
Shut down all registered threads.
Register a deviceser point for the default platform.
removes a swc externalscript info and its externalsbyswc present in the dependency
Draws a line with the specified angle and center for the specified labels.
Returns a bifunction for the specified list of partitions. Returns null if the list is
Perform a LDAP search against the ldap.
Tests that this string is a copy of the original string but with a radix of 8.
Checks if the specified character is in the specified encoding.
Delete an object.
Removes all tags from the word list.
Enqueues all successor blocks of the given block.
Adds a role to the list of roles.
Adds a checkbox to this panel.
Sets the Gmt timezone of the current date.
Sends a stream response message to the sync protocol.
Builds the list of snapshotfiles and their snapshots.
Create a copy of the specified configuration and add it to the specified configuration.
Returns whether this instance isarmed or not.
Returns a new attribkey for a html_ns element with the specified local name.
Create a sparse array with the specified parameters.
Returns the maximum result of the given tupleset for the given field using the given comparator for
Updates the status of the seedlab to reflect the changes in the attribute evaluat
Returns a string of the same length as id1 + id2.
Resets all cache entries to empty.
Fails if the string is not the same as the original string.
Removes the item at the specified index and updates the childon menu views accordingly.
Method to testshiftright for the case where the result is not the same as
Shows the dialog s filter.
Returns the num between two points in the range x1 y1 and y2.
Returns true if the specified formobject is allowed to havespopup support for the specified
Gets a local git repo from the current working directory.
Selects the minimum of two vectors.
Adds a call to the test call list.
Serializes the kxml serializer.
Verify that all the block objects in the current table are block objects.
Log a message as a warning. The level of the message is set to that of the
Remove a text listener.
Create an element with the qualified qualified name of the current entity.
Clears all pending data from the data queue.
Apply the camera to the specified gl matrix.
Create a pointtable with the given coordinates.
Adds to the list of existing volumewwns to be used in the export
Returns a random file with the given prefix and suffix.
Partition by target type.
Loads the next record from the file.
Add a positive or negative notification to the notification.
Return the name of the specified template file.
Initialize the tooltip manager.
Decode the given string and return the result as a string array.
Computes the offset of the animation.
The field on this record is ignored.
Generate the seed for the process.
Render the expression.
Stop the current sampling thread.
Reverses a list of points.
Creates a new dialog modality with the specified parameters.
Initialize the inotificationmanager factory.
Waits for the current thread to become done or interrupted.
Clamp the given value to the given range.
Return the host directory of a volume.
Returns a formatted string for the specified time.
Return an array containing all of the elements in this array.
Returns a string of the specified length filled with the specified char at the right.
Adds the specified collection to this Vector.
Changes the application state to the new state.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Create a list of pair of string to object from the given map.
Returns true if the given string is a validatel present in the object list false otherwise
Adds a messageobserver to the list.
Shows the specified initial character. If the platform is not equal to the str then the
Converts a byte to a hex string and appends it to a buffer.
Removes the element at the specified index and returns the old value.
Returns a random vector with a mean and a standard deviation.
Displays a warning.
Returns true if the specified subname is known.
Returns a string representation of diff between text1 and text2.
Returns true if the given id is non - zero.
Returns the size of all files in the directory as a big integer.
Returns true if the specified bit is set to true.
Filter files from a given cutoff date with a flag indicating whether they should be accepted or not
Calculates the majortick number.
Returns the next record in the result set.
Puts the given object value under the given sample attribute.
Set the ordering of the objects in the graph to the value of the first object.
Convert swf to HTML.
Writes a classfile to a file.
Sets a new connection to the specified peer.
Convert anarray to a vector.
Notifies all copyof listeners of a version.
Accepts a drop of the specified operation on the peer.
Clears all entries.
Set this string as the result of calling this method. If the result of calling this method
Return the modified date of the file.
Checks to see if this JCE is an import of the currently installed JCE.
Runs the compilation of the given method tree and classtree.
Returns whether the current engine is valid.
Asserts that two float values are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is
Calculates the Euclidean distance.
Load properties from a properties file.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified pattern with the specified replacement.
Return all the values for the specified service name.
Wraps the given stream with a lazy stream that has the same contents of the current
Reads external data from the input stream.
Sets the format that defines how to format the items. Use default_item_label_
Set the vector to the given direction.
Adjusts the power of the number to a power of 10.
Clears all columns of this model.
Returns true if this is the last method of the service.
Set the proxy port.
Fetch the clustername from a string.
Fetch all the myservicecards from the myeloapi server
Sets the dialog asymmetric keyfields.
Samples two events in the specified parent height with the specified child height.
Returns true if the specified object value is an attribute of the specified type.
Decodes a range of bytes into a string.
Called when the value of the treeselectionevent is changed.
Remove a listener that will no longer be notified
Transfers a node after a cancelled wait.
Create an intent to send a share to a device.
Returns a new atomic integer field padater with the specified field name. If the field is
Convert datatoo work to a java map.
Generates a pair of strings from a pair of strings.
Liefert den Wert aufgerufen aufgerufgerufen
Returns the index of the first common layer of the other layer.
Removes an item.
Save the index to a new file.
Add the specified artist to the list. The specified position must be greater than or equal to
Execute a command asynchronously
Expand and select if exists in repository location.
Advances to the next token.
Saves the current validity of the RCS provider.
Encodes the extension and writes it to the specified output stream.
Creates a new cluster in a project asynchronously.
Returns null if intvalue is less than or equal to the number of elements in the array
Gets the nameditemns.
Write a string as a double - quoted string to a packetoutputstream.
Add a new record.
Calculates the SHA - 256 hash of the file.
Adds property type to the property list.
Asserts that two objects are equal.
Returns the actionstostring of a given instance.
This is for internal use only.
Encode a block of bytes.
Get a feed for the specified query using the specified parameters.
Reads an int from a datainputstream.
Does not verify that the number of bytes in the array is not equal to the one of
Resolves a specified sootclass to a specified sootclass.
Build the responseurl string.
Asserts that the component label of the specified path equals the specified text.
Start from the current node.
Initializes a stream tokenizer.
Throws a switchstatemessage with the message m.
Runs the threadsizeloop loop.
Read the data from the pomodule.
Attempts to lock the file.
Opens a datagram socket and sets the timeout.
Get the globalinfo string for this string.
Execute the specified script and return the results.
Disables the given feature and removes it from the set of features.
Remove an event listener.
Computes the current timem Looks like a real time.
Add an array to the end of the array list.
Quote a string if the string is a JVM keyword. The string is quoted only if the
Create a inode from a cursor.
Throws an illegal stateexception with the given error message.
Generate a list of string to represent each column of a table.
Returns true if the lock is locked.
Returns the current time in milliseconds since the last call to this function.
Get the classinfo for the specified string. If the string is already a classinfo then
Resets the notes to the latest state.
The scertcsetTick function.
Writes a charsequence to a file optionally appending to the file at the end.
Populatenav drawer items.
Take the text of the first node of the document and get all the elements of the second
Returns a copy of the given array where each byte is the value of the corresponding byte in
Audit a callhome event.
Returns the mean value of the specified range of the specified array.
Returns the number of milliseconds since the given date.
Selects the best available producibletypes for the specified server - web exchange.
Paints the specified component using the specified graphics context.
Ensures that the internal array is at least as large as the current array s capacity.
Invalidates the given buffers and removes them from the pool.
Adds the given file to the class path. Returns the number of times the file was
Returns true if the object was found to be deleted by the application.
Return true if this is the same as the specified object.
Returns true if the given node has at least one child.
Deletes the item at the specified index.
Returns the number of property names.
Prints a string.
Checks permissions for the given object and all its sub - objects.
Displays all string defined in strings. xml.
Create an intent that can be used to launch a map activity from a list of URLs.
Generates the parameters string.
Converts a bitmap to an exif and writes it to an outputstream.
Remove an attribute from the list.
Extract a class name from a field signature.
Paint a single rectangle at a particular zoom factor.
Starts the camerasource.
Clears all cached items.
Partition the list by a given chunk.
Updates the swing utilities of the window s owned windows.
Clear the result list
Searches for widget in the widget container and returns the best match.
Print a single symbol.
Create a new cartitem with the specified parameters.
Returns the string at the specified index.
Updates the title of the page with the given text.
Add the classes to the given result hashset.
Resets the reference map.
Decodempi a big integer.
Removes theregisters from the map and removes the correspondingregisters from the map.
Sorts the elements in the vector using the provided keys.
Return a datetimedata object representing the specified string.
Add a message to the message queue and send it to the end of the queue.
Converts a string to a dbid.
Write a single integer to the stream.
Prints a long followed by a newline.
Set the thriftservicem isReadOnly attribute of the XLogPDescriptor object.
Creates a byte - buffer with the specified width and height.
generate a response for invalid entity
Check if the specified mode is active and return the message if it is. If it is
Loads the properties file with the given prefix.
If any of the records in the msg are suppressedby then return the answer otherwise return
Create a properties object from a map.
Return the first node that matches the query.
Returns an array of strings from a property with the specified name.
Compare locales.
Execute a query and return the result set of the query result set of the query.
Adds the specified entry to the specified list. If the entry is not in the list
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Ends a transaction.
Add a ccrossreferences panel to this panel.
Copy the contents of the backing array to a new array.
Change the debug folder in the system properties.
Returns the link with the given string or null if the link does not contain the given string
Loads the manifest.
Convert the type system to a referencebinding array. If the type system already contains a reference
Adds the column at the specified index.
Reads the data from a datainput stream.
Remove a display from the display list.
Compute the next Gaussian.
Fire an event to all listeners.
Update the contact headerport field of the given message.
Returns a new androidhttpclient instance with the specified user agent.
Add an entry to the cache.
Overridden in the visitor to create a Feature object for each vertex.
Compares the contents of this string with the contents of another string.
Deletes a file and logs a warning if it failed.
Removes the entry at the specified index.
Adds a member to a group.
Override this method to provide additional logger information.
Increments the value of a bin.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the given error message.
Adds all fields from the specified map.
Checks if a list of strings contains a given string ignoring case.
Computes the median value of an array.
Initialize the plugin registry with the list of i plugins validation plugin configuration items and the list of
Stops the process and cleans up any associated resources.
Set a property to keepalive.
Returns a new file descriptor for the specified file.
Read a checkedbytes from the buffer. Throws an exception if the checksum doesn t match
Create a multicastsocket object.
Check selected metadata.
Validates a given object and a payload.
Converts an inputstream to a byte array.
Return the next member of the given type.
Do a suffix for each line of outputstream.
Returns whether or not the font is system font.
Add a URL to the list of URLs to be loaded. If the URL is not
Put all field from iterator to document.
Set the repository to be used as a personident for the client.
Reads a block of memory from a buffer andets the root block.
Create a SOAP request.
Obtains a list of all the typed operations that are part of a playingcard.
Returns a touri - formatted string containing the hostname and the port.
Verifies that the given string points to a certificate and that it does not point to any
Returns true if the given file is a directory.
Returns true if the specified character is any character in the specified sequence false otherwise.
Remove all elements from the specified collection.
Compares node at tailoffset to expect and update at tailoffset + 1 if update is
Creates a new phone object with the specified value.
Load a resourcebundle from the local file.
Return theremotecopysettings with the specified pool.
Convert to html.
Add a lock to the list.
Writes a vector in uf7 to the specified array.
Reload the model with the specified new value.
Moves from the current position to the new location.
Create an off - screen image with the given width and height.
Display the current state of the log.
Write a string to a writer using a buffered writer.
Ensures that the internal array is at least the number of times specified.
Decrement the reference count of this object.
Convert a X. 509 principal to a X. 509 X500 name.
Asserts that the described resource is the same as the described resource.
Returns true if this is a real non - real non - real non - real type.
Builds a list of characters that are used in the activity editor.
This method is used to evaluate a single RPN expression.
Adds a new series to the list of all series.
Displays an exit message.
Override this method to override the compare method of the class.
Merges the minimum and maximum values of this object with the values of the given object.
Generate a unique identification string for the current stack.
Flushes the current document to the output stream.
This method is called after the configuration views are created.
Set the namespace and local name for this extended type.
Asserts that the expression owner and path are equal.
Start the mocksystem consumer.
Restores this object back to its original state.
Remove column.
Returns a string representation of this histogram.
Returns whether or not a new buffer is in the available space.
Return a scanned result for the specified blocklet.
Returns a new hash code for the same operator.
This method is used to check if all of the elements in the group arealoader
Creates a j. e. g. a j. e. a j. a.
Returns true if the useroutput object has a useroutput object false otherwise.
Inserts a string at the specified index.
Reads a codepoint from the stream.
Put an int value out to the specified byte array position.
Adds a new item with the specified label text and font.
Set the tag of this object.
Returns the amount consumed by the operation or 0 if no amount was consumed.
Adds an outerjoin qualifier to the group.
Returns an array of file objects for the specified string.
Returns the next item from the queue waiting up to the specified wait time for another item to
Add a swipelistener as a listener.
Returns the number of patterns in the pattern list.
Writes a value to an outputstream
Returns a new big integer with the same sign but the same number of times as the original
Adds a header option.
Saves the current entry to the keystore.
Adds a non - pointer to the top of the stack.
Sorts the given array of longs.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Returns the last element of the iterator or null if the iterator has no more elements.
Waits for the specified number of milliseconds.
Return the index of a given element or - 1 if not found.
Returns whether or not the given modifiers are package access.
Writes the contents of the matrix to a file.
Set the managed window.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Logs a message with a number of arguments.
Processes a queue of device updates.
Returns true if this is a handleremotecanrebalance with the given size.
Converts a file to a sldfile.
Insert properties into the template.
Change the font of a component to a derivefont style
Draws the contour image using the specified contour color.
Write a cert to a file.
Clears the registered mon arbitrary listeners.
Create a new object by invoking a method on a class.
Returns true iff the current thread is a fill - line.
Check if the retryinfo and retryatch files have been created. If they do not exist
Returns the field with the specified id or null if the field does not exist.
Return true if the given packet is a stanza with the JID.
Execute a command.
Return true if the bundle version is greater than or equal to the specified version. Otherwise return
Removes all the objects from the specified viewmap.
Attempts to load all tables with the specified granularity from the supplied map.
Reads a block from the input stream.
Adds a new subscription to the subscription store.
Add a list of x509 certificate to the path.
Process an XML string.
Sets the URL of the visitation to the default URL.
Builds a match string for the specified qualifier.
Shorten a string to a certain length.
Returns a new color with the given weight from the first color to the second color with the
Returns the kstkeip - related fields of this record.
Decide which method should be invoked based on the main options.
Converts an image to a buffered image.
Reads a jsonarray.
Returns a list of all available availableterminals of the given type.
Remove a sensor Anycast listener.
Write a single character.
Testdexclassloader.
Register a new gridcachettlmanager.
Converts the input time values to a SQL time.
This method is used to initialize the file system.
Creates a real - time image of the specified format and writes it to the specified byte array
Clean the folderstacking pattern from a filename.
This method is used to discard a ServiceRegistration object from the current context. The object is
Returns true if the given state is final state.
Generate the number of calemarkers for a given proteinlength.
Writes the settings map to the file.
Returns the hashcode of the font.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
This method is used to override the default namespace declaration.
Writes an exifout to the file with the specified filename.
Clean - up any resources associated with this class.
Create a new methodarginvalidvalueexception.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Loads the map for the given extension and type.
This method is used to start an XML document element with a name and a system identifier.
Converts a string to a timestamp format.
Encodes a byte array into a 64 - bit string.
Prints a double to the output stream.
Returns a string buffer with the extended network prefix.
Returns true if the given Zookeeper host contains the chroot of the given node.
Performs a database operation on an existing database.
Create a hash code for a key.
Make a new placeholder fragment instance for a given section number.
Imports the specified string from the specified directory.
Read the content of the given file and store the results in the current line.
Logs the stack trace of an exception.
Returns true if the given identifier is in the blacklist ; false otherwise.
Checks to see if the exception is a solrexception and if so returns true if
Returns true if this node is re non - re non - re non - re non -
Pushes a new type onto the output stack.
Returns the maximum value of the string plus the value of the short.
Fires a propertychange event for the property of the specified name to the specified object.
Replaces all occurrences of _str with _str and returns the result.
Create a newatabase entities for storage policy policy values.
Creates a new PDF page.
Adds an element web element to a map. If the key is non - null and
Saves the current bootprop.
Append the current record number to the printwriter.
Writes the number of milliseconds since the epoch to the outputstream.
Computes the difference between the specified strings.
Creates a string from the specified string using the specified tags.
Deletes a file.
Create a checkmark at the specified location.
This method is called to initialize the directory. It checks to see if the directory exists and
The ip and port are the same. If they are the same they are the same.
Cut the selectedbean.
Add a remover to the remover manager.
Called when an action is performed on a layer.
Adds a new entry button.
Ensures that the internal array is large enough.
Set the uuid.
Print a number of spaces.
Renders an object handler.
Constructs a tsdbmetricname string with scope and namespace.
Registers a new selector.
Returns a new big integer with the same contents but a copy of the provided one added.
Called when the specified stream has been received from the server.
Executes a query that returns a list of objects.
Returns the current time in nanotime.
Makes a clone of the original format.
Waits until the maximum number of pending requests have been received for the specified xid.
Does the specified string represent an integer?
Adds the given capability to the m_ dependencies list.
Extract a new instance of a frame from a robotdebugvariables.
Adds a boolean attribute to the resourcepoet.
Converts a string to a full widthlettert Keen string.
Asserts that the elements of the collection are not in the same order. The order of
Returns true if the response code is not the same as the response code.
Returns the number of in - process pending to process or 0 if there is no pending to
Adds the given value to this set.
Returns whether this action should be executed after the specified delay.
Move by word.
Handles a distribution message.
Delete a zone from a collection.
Stop writing to the file system.
Override paint to paint the icon associated with this component.
Makes a new zoom - likeosition for the specified scale centerx centery and duration
Retrieves the list of channels from the database.
Returns true if the file is hidden.
Checks to see if the scrollview cans Scrollically by the specified direction.
Loads the manifest from the jar - file.
Makes sure that all of the movie lists in the year are invalid.
Adds a new row to the table.
Create a jar from a file content.
The method sets the selected day for the specified day.
Returns true if the given value is contained in the set.
Closes a database connection.
Override this method to add details to a messageitem details map.
Adds a listener to the manager.
Computes the pdists.
Appends a suffix to a string if missing.
Return a jsonarray with all the filesystems.
redirect the process inputstream to the outputstream
Returns true if the specified string is a networkmonitor name.
Adds an and with all of the given predicates.
Adds a random number of elements from each faces to the total random number of elements from
Compare the options of this string with the useroptions of the current option and print the result
Attempts to close the given closeable. If the closeable is null an exception is
Pushes a text encrypted message to the queue.
Returns a random int between MIN inclusive and MAX exclusive.
Fails if the simplepremature is not open or closed.
Adds a pspgelist to the drawlist queue.
Populatetasklist from a group to a tasklist. The group and task
Finds the object with the smallest value from all tuples of the given field using the given
Returns the cluster definitionstext of this string.
Verifies that all the bytes in the string are the same.
Starts a new fling operation at the specified location.
Add a navigator listener.
Get the closest stream to the server.
Returns the patience of the given distribution function at the given index.
Convert a 2D array to a list.
Reads a number of characters from this buffer into the specified array starting at the specified offset
Displays a warning log message if the log level is greater than or equal to the current
Expands a string to a specified number of digits.
Returns true if one of the strings s1 and s2 are equal ; false otherwise.
Writes the generated data to the specified output file.
Determines whether or not the provided Directors are used in the current portallocation context.
Stops the server.
Expands a base uri with the given systemid and base uri.
Free a message.
Returns true if this string equals the specified string ignoring case ; false otherwise.
Converts a uuid to a timestamp. If the uuid is the same version as the current
Add a vm argument.
Apply a field to the class.
Fills the array with the same entries but with the same values.
Wakes up a screenshot of the current screen. The method blocks until the screen has been
Unlink target from snapshotsession
Reverses a list.
Create a locpathiterator.
Returns the contents of this buffer as a string.
Adds a node to the collection.
Returns the documentation url for this object.
Return true if the sequences reader contains a mapping from the taxonomy to the sequence file.
Remove a selection listener.
Replaces the type at the given index with the given value.
Handles a button1 request.
Balances a node by adding its right node and its width to the current height.
Clears the list.
Called when the item is progressed
Add an element to the treenode list.
Set the week of the date using the default timezone and the locale.
Create a codeattribute.
Writes the contents of the specified binary file to this output stream.
Reads a class descriptor.
Attempts to createnew a file. If the file does not exist it will
Returns a copy of this big integer with the specified sign and number but equal to the specified
Executes an UPDATE or DELETE statement.
Generates the configuration based on the given configuration.
Throws an exception if the given string is not empty.
Cancels unnamed tasks.
Returns the minimum and maximum values for the given list of double values.
Adds the criteria to the ored criteria list if it does not already exist.
Reads a escaped character from the current position in the buffer.
Update query params and header params for authentication
Attempts to fix the spanned with spaces.
Removes the bookmarkicon.
Add a stream of metrics for a given group.
Returns true if the given point is inside this map false otherwise.
Resolves protocolmanagerfactory instances using the specified classloader.
Returns a list of the inet addresses of the network interface.
Returns the number of samples required to caculate the bitmap using the specified options and the
Returns true if the given status is in any of the statuses.
Returns the string representation of this variant. The returned string is the same as the specified string
Computes a SSLv3 hash of the specified secret and seed for the specified array
Adds a channelmap to the network.
Add an element to the head of the queue.
Adds the object to the cache.
Parses a set of UIDs.
Replaces a suffix in a string with another string.
Start a claimed task.
Creates the project directory if it does not already exist.
Called when the button is clicked.
Create a class from a classfile.
Returns an iterator on the target list.
Computes the scroll area using the default computesize method.
Returns the hashcode of this CacheEntry.
Build the map of string to snmpoid.
Use this method to get the dcryptost ByteBuffer from the file.
Creates a jseparator component with the specified number of dimensions.
Adds an object to the list. If the object is already in the list it will
Builds the realm results from the specified results.
Generates a key chain. The resulting key chain is stored in mdash. The resulting
Returns a new big integer set with the same entries removed. The returned set contains all entries
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Attempts to open the specified file using the file system. If the file does not exist
Converts a string to a SQL date.
Rounds the given number to the nearest multiple of _num.
plain text.
Make a copy of this attribute info with a new copy of the new cp and classnames
Create a textual representation of the difflist.
Adds a block with the given description.
Returns true if the file can be deleted false otherwise.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Reads the bytecode parser for an exceptionitem and its attributes.
Skip to the next non - skipped byte.
Adds a character to the end of the string.
Gets the hashcode of this object.
Decomposition of a matrix.
Computes the candidate snapshot of the s2cellings.
Returns the field with the given id or null if the field does not exist.
Specifies the repository name and the path components.
Adds a property.
Create a childd delta from an element and all its ancestors.
Overrides the gettitle method to return the title.
Returns the number of elements in this map.
Replaces all occurrences of a pattern in a string with a new pattern.
Decides whether or not the given coordinate is within the activity Facility s zone.
Returns a string containing the assoc qualified path to the given element.
Reads the data from the specified reader and parses it. The reader is closed after this
Converts a string to a double and if the string is null returns the default value.
Register an application.
Puts a profile.
Prints a single character.
Initialize the block views.
Clear the alltrails associated with the specified token id.
Adds the specified byte array to the left - hand side of the dialog.
Returns an array with values from the specified string. If the specified string is already a list
Throws an exception with the specified error message and entity.
Set up the scramble array with random values.
Parses a sip header.
Converts a color value to a RGB value.
Record the beginning of the run.
Rotates a point around the specified point.
Returns true if the given word is pronounceable.
Adds a split edge to the end of the list.
Overrides the default settings for the ioutils component.
Set up a mem based cache.
Set the maximum required width for the text field to match the specified value.
Enables or disables the overviewitem.
Called when a mouseentered the element.
Fetch a single page from zkclient.
Makes the specified annotation visit this object.
Adds ids to the query.
Stop a monitor.
Normalize a URL.
Invoke the method.
Commits the local transaction.
Adds the object class attribute to the entry.
Populate the area.
Reads a name from a datainputstream.
Concatenates the given char to this simples string.
Returns the logarithm of the given value.
Signals that the queue is not empty.
Recompute the marynode tree with its contents.
Returns the number of nodes in the cluster.
Add a host to the Alluxio blacklist. The timeout is set to the current time
Adds the specified node to the tree. Returns true if the node was added false if
Write an object to the output stream.
Returns the sigma of the given value.
Insert a new kbucket entry into the main bucket.
Translates a point in the current transform.
Writes an object to the outputstream
Writes all strings contained in _str to the given writer.
Calculates the relative distance between two floating point boxes.
Override this method to handle the auto - draw setting for the toolbar items.
Reads from the underlying inputstream until the requested number of bytes have been read.
z21 message.
Returns the sorted set of method descriptors.
Converts a list of properties to a set of properties.
Returns true if the current package has the specified annotation false otherwise.
Build a tooltip for a container node.
Remove an onitem click listener.
Returns the specified position. If the position is out of range returns the invalid_position.
Pad the given string with a given number of spaces to the right.
Generate an array of strings with the same names of the same type but with a suffix.
Returns true if the specified class can be loaded by the specified classloader.
Writes the table to the printstream.
Create a new part from an encoded string and an decoded string.
Create a new year and month arrays from the specified values.
Returns the class descriptor for the specified string.
Register the given object with the given description.
Asserts that the values of the shortval and longval are the same.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map.
Returns an completableFuture with the result of the previous operation as the result of the given
Returns the non - null non - void non - void or non - void type.
Registers a builder for a specific company.
Copies the given node to the given parent window.
Load all object types from properties and add them to the object properties.
Read a string value from a reader and write it to a writer.
Returns the number of times the two lane have the same firstnongapposition and
Forces disk usage if necessary.
Returns the index of the specified string or - 1 if the string is null.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Returns a list of spac bond points for the specified normal with the specified number of times
Return the value of the specified document type.
Returns the mergecoords between the two lists.
Prints an int to the output stream flushing the stream at the end.
Copy the text.
The event handler method for a button1 request.
Adds a styledtext object to the description panel.
Returns the HTTP method client on this thread.
iso9796d2psssigner iso9796d2pss
Decodes a byte array and returns the decoded value.
Extract a set of values from a collection.
Return true if the string is a zte string.
Normalizes a string using the specified encoding.
Return the lonode of the node with the highest score. If the lo is null return
Returns the number of fields in this model.
Sets the color stack of this line. The line is initialized with points and optionally colors.
Converts a big integer to a byte array.
Calculate the approximatel threshold of a 2D array of control points.
Convert a mouse event to a DND operation.
Adds an assignment expression to the existing assignment list.
Returns true if the step has a value.
Creates and returns a those drawable objects which can be used to display an icon marker.
Determines if the network request or not and adds the listener to the listener.
Merge the current thread with the specified subscriber. If the current thread is the same as the
Call this method to validate the dynamic attribute names.
Returns true if the given object instance is assignable from the class of the given instance or
Initialize this warrant.
Adds a command to the command log.
Connects the device to the specified address.
Returns the population standard deviation of x under the specified mean and standard deviation.
Draws a shape.
This method is called when the object is to be deleted from the naming engine.
Loads and returns a list of uri groups from the specified inputstream.
Set the value of this long field to the given value.
Returns a list with all the values corresponding to the specified node.
Convert a collection of strings to a string.
Decodes a base - 64 string into a byte array.
Removes all entries from the list that have a premove of any kind.
Clears the bit zero of this string.
Stop the stop button.
Encode the dnname to an outputstream.
The method is called to set the status of the current thread and reset the internal state of
Returns a list containing all the elements of the current node and all its sub - nodes.
Returns true if the given connection was removed ; false otherwise.
Get the list of options.
Splits a string into a list of strings.
Returns the number of characters in a string that are not lower than _str. If the
Returns the sampleskew sample derived from the given size.
Loads the object array with the specified list of policyqualifierinfo objects.
Run the specified script and return the results.
Returns the first markersegment of the given class or null if it is the first marker.
Remove all values from the stream.
Clears the contents of this message.
Remove the item at the specified index.
Save and close the edit log.
Adds a message to a thread.
Waits until an observable is available.
Returns the nicef fraction of a number in a specified range. If round is true the
Copy a header to a buffer.
Send a double metric.
Adds all fields to the document where the supplied predicate matches the supplied acceptable field names.
Tries to find a resource base for the given classloader.
Writes the current line as a string using the specified formatter.
Returns true if the item at the specified index is iss specfified.
set the archivename of this file
Initialize the inet address.
Reads from the file.
Returns true if the given string matches any tag.
Shutdown the platform and release all resources.
Returns true if the row is currently expanded and the expanded state is set.
Returns the index of the first label of the given string or - 1 if the string is
Adds an animator listener.
Set the http method and handler for this request.
Returns true if the two arrays are equal.
Draws a string.
Updates the race list.
Returns true if this parameter is required to be included in the parameter list.
Send the data to the datatoreceiver
Prints a number to an output writer.
Returns a new set from the given map.
Removes the biomegenbase for a given type from the list of biom
Returns a sizerequirements array with the minimum and preferred values set from the specified
Writes a long integer to a writer.
Creates a orfilter from a filterset.
Sends a blob to the server.
Computes the labels from the data and the handle values.
Returns a new set that contains all intervals from the given set. If the given set is
Drops all characters of this string up to but not including the last character of the specified
Adds a node to this model.
Prints the given text to the view.
Trim the internal array by removing all entries from the internal array.
Recursive call to recursively divide an array.
Asserts that all the specified threads are alive.
Sets the status of the workerm level and the executor service.
This method is called by the framework once a user has received a message for this session.
Assumes that this is the main loop of the algorithm.
thresholdexceeded.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Returns the font metrics for the current font.
Write a range of characters to the buffer.
Rounds the value of the specified pladirection to the left.
Determine the proxy to use for the given request.
Adds a reference to the chain.
Returns a copy of this array.
Returns true if the current thread is running.
Unwraps a vcf file.
Register a user.
Selects the specified columns.
Tests the interface of the given class and returns information about it.
Create a hashset with the contents of the specified template model.
Generate a jkssignaturetoken.
Writes the specified string to the current output stream.
Returns the offset of the next record in the block.
Evaluates an XPath expression and returns the result as a string.
Converts io. netty. handler. http. http headers to a toarmeria
Calculates how many bits of a short array are on a level.
Initialize the program vector.
Returns true if the given alias is already an alias for the current locale.
Invert selected relations.
Asserts that the value of this float - valueneg is the same as the
Bind keystore service.
Draws the domain block to the canvas.
Returns true if the given instructionhandle is a branch branch branch.
Load the default trustmanager.
Returns true if the current node is aidedoc element.
Set the pool size and the name of the threads and the poolname of the pool.
Invokes a method and throws a runtimeexception if the method throws a runtimeexception.
Clears the state of this Attribute.
Adds a color which will be used to colorize the hel Ensures that the hel
This method is for internal use only. This is for internal use only.
Creates a tokenstream using the supplied attributes.
Resolves a class.
Returns a map with the string as the source and the object as the mode. If the
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified key in the specified array or - 1
Adds a new graphedge to the supplied collection of graphedge objects.
Adds an array of elements to this set.
Read an object from the object inputstream.
The function used to perform registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry
Adds a task to the end of the list.
Start the computation process.
Sorts the values.
object from bytebuffer.
Generate a new groupname.
Asserts the column types of the result set of the statement.
Creates a default action group with the specified actions.
Adds a new row to the list.
Push the text onto the current state of the term array.
Set the type of a numeric object.
Compares the head of the node with the update node.
Returns a set with all dependencyKinds removed.
Returns a new concurrenthashmap with the specified num and aggressiveconcurrency level.
Returns true if the specified eventname is allowed to this connection.
Skip all whitespace characters.
Returns an iterator over the literal result attributes. The returned iterator will never be null.
Parses the given string into a map of strings separated by the given separator.
Returns a priority queue containing all the elements in the specified collection. If the specified collection is
Returns the lastschemanodename of the resource.
Returns true if the configuration is initial.
denormalizes the given charsequence.
Use this method to perform the saveas command.
Returns whether or not this node isaborted.
Append an element to the end of the array.
Skip the data and compare the max_value against the current max_value of the data
For internal use only. Will create a file with the same name and type as the file
Prints a boolean to the output stream.
Create a new shared memory space.
Closes the connection to the database.
Add a qualifier to the current version.
Loads a 16 - bit unsigned integer at the given address.
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Unregisters a b aggagehandler.
Returns the default values for each dimension.
Compares two arrays of eventbean arrays and asserts that they are the same.
Collect the text.
Unproxy an annotation.
Parses an expression into a list of nodes.
Adds a section to the list.
Computes the square root of a function i. e. a logarithm of
Flushes the current state of the printstream.
Deletes a range of characters from this string.
Add a plotter to the plotters.
Searches for a key with a matching rel &lt ; key &gt ; = k
Adds a listener which gets called when a new speedlivelistener is received.
Finds a match for the given address starting from the specified index.
Returns the value of the current bit and action for the specified fault. If the fault is
Returns true if the specified string contains whitespace characters.
Decodefromsafestream a string using base64 encoding.
Perform validation on the set data
Adds the specified values to the current string.
Returns a list of the current mydbs.
Function the function and writes the result to the outputs array at the specified offset.
Adds a long parameter to the URL.
Compares two objects using the configured comparator.
Add an action listener.
Calculate the bounds of a rect based on a paint s title.
Add the smaller of this object to the other object and return the result.
Appends the string representation of this object to the given string buffer.
Returns the first non - static field offset of the specified class or object.
Send a warning log message.
Returns the first element of the array or null if there are no more elements.
Attempts to determine if the specified actionevent is an actionperformed event and if so
Attempts to unwrap the host and port buffer to abytebuffer. fail if
Set the upgrade values for an existing server.
Returns a new instance of t.
Pops a token off the top of the stack.
Create a new sipmsrpsession.
Create a new post configuration.
Draws a mark at the specified x y with the specified color.
Informs the projection manager that a component event has been componentresized.
Converts a block of bytes into a hexadecimal string.
Sets the current value of the object s label to the specified new value. If the object
Writes an array of bytes to the compressed output stream.
Updates the angle of the specified point.
Removes and flushes all cached data to the underlying store.
Clamp the left position of the child view to the left position of the parent view.
Override this method to provide your own http wrapper implementation.
Converts an xval to topPanelx.
Forwards a request to the http server.
Set the primary keys of a prepared statement.
Reads a 32 bit integer from the stream.
Generate the top token for an i leaf node.
Adds a record to the csv file.
Decrement the queue size and start logging.
Waits for a match.
Joins all characters of an array into a single string.
Returns a bindingamp for the given key.
Start the computation process.
Check if task completed successor failure from the response.
Increments the indices of the nodes by the number of nodes in the cluster.
Appends the given text to the text body.
Adds the specified tag to the list of registered display ids.
Set the hour and day of the string.
Undeclare the current context and remove it from the list.
Returns true if the current app is connected using the w pairing network interfaces.
Closes the output stream and flushes the buffer.
Returns true if there are more files to be added.
Processes the specified file.
Extract a leaf id from a mediaid.
Asserts that the element s scope is the same as the element s scope.
Builds the parameters for the given method.
Returns true if the specified cell contains this cell.
Set the offsetw using a random number generator.
Returns an array with the values from the specified array.
Processes a list of strings.
Initialize the lookup table.
Returns the string followed by the specified string.
Reads the data from a datainput stream.
Adjust the indentation level by the given amount.
Returns the current capacity.
Generate a code_string token.
Generate a random string
Test the open of an irawstore.
Search the iterable for a file with the given name and relfile.
Returns true if one of the extensionoids has been set at this time.
Returns the specified string buffer append the specified value to the specified buffer at the specified field position
Loads the configuration from a property file.
Returns true if the session is authorized false if not.
Asserts that the data in the table is the same as the data in the query.
Returns a string builder that approximizes the number of times an element is present in the
Create an element with the specified namespace URI and prefix.
Modify a file.
Computes the MDL - tree of the population. The MDL - tree is
Testlistoptions.
Computes the upper and lower bounds of the given point and returns the upper and lower
Notifies the manager that the size of the view is changed.
Called to removeturntable the current selected object.
Ends an element.
Converts an image into a matrix.
Override this method to provide your own non - standard representation of the filesystem.
Retrieves the number of scheduled tasks to run.
Override to initialize components.
Clears all characters in the frame and also the cameraeras.
Adds a mitrelimit point to a line segment.
This method is used to discard nonbase64 bytes from an array of bytes.
The result is a negative one. The result is a positive a negative b positive a positive
Returns the maximum leaseduration value if the specified leaseduration is less than the specified
Returns the last slash of the path after _str.
Returns a formatted string for the specified double.
Sets the label for this category item with the specified label format and date format.
Returns a long id of the specified oid.
Add a cache attribute to the value cache.
Reads the next token from the stream.
Inject a ciminstance into the map of supported volume values.
This method is only called when the activity is being executed from the back - end to the
Load a file with the specified loaders. If the filename does not match this will create a
Attempts to open an inputstream and mark it as gzip. If the inputstream is
Returns the number of entries in the cache.
Create a new prefix.
Creates a subject for the specified am identity.
Expands the vector for the specified index to be equal to the specified value.
Do the donormal commandlinelist.
Loads a hex image into the board view and track it.
Takes a pointset and triangulates it.
URL - encode a byte array and replace all occurrences of _str with _str.
Write the fields spec.
Read an object from an object inputstream.
Create an input stream and parse it with the specified base uri.
Returns the excludedestination statement of the given string.
Addescapes to a string.
Adds a string to the file list.
Inserts a list of items at the specified row index.
Adds a collection of integer values to the collection.
Get a buffer of majorversion numbers.
Create a new index request source for the given xcontent builder.
Concatenates the specified digest with the specified one.
Sets the value of the field ifmodified since the given time.
Returns a string with the temporary files deleted on exit.
Returns a new instance of the specified class with the specified number of elements.
Start the animation by passing the supplied collection of items.
Print the error message of the given exception.
Returns a string with the number of seconds since the last read.
Applies L1 Registers.
Called when a keyevent occurs.
Returns the slurpurl of the given URL encoding or null if the URL does not
Load a set of participants.
Returns the preference vector of the given neighborids.
Draws an individual ob API element disabled color. The disabled color will be filled with the
Flips the bit and then checks if the result is the same as the input.
Processes the specified tlabsuser and adds the user to the database.
Returns true if the event has the next event.
Extracts xmp meta data from an inputstream.
Initializes the validator for this client.
Computes the crossover of this bit vector with the specified bit vector.
Resets the state.
Create a new userp perspective.
Calculates the phred of the given error.
Returns a string buffer of the specified type.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Writes an array of expected types to the current token. If the current token is not
Update table 3.
Set the number of null bytes and strings in the table.
Returns true if the type is assignable from the from field.
This method inserts the specified chqbounce period and module into the specified object.
Get the sampleinfo values from aByteBuffer.
Convenience method to perform aaintop operation on the group state.
Waits for an event from the clock.
Checks if the given string is a bytecodeversion for Java 7 or higher.
Adds a mapping definition to the map.
Find a file with the given path and template.
This method is called to initialize the directory structure. The contents of the directory are read from
Add a listener for circular progress view events.
This method is used to create a HashMap with the urlcheckers as keys.
Override this method to actually render the display.
Returns a new list with all the variables replaced with the given value.
Release the appcontext.
Deletes all tables.
Finds a specific implementation of this class by its unique id.
Marks a default session token for a particular site.
Sets the current request and origin to the supplied request.
Computes the iscard percentage of the specified range.
Returns the unix - time of the given timestamp in seconds.
Encrypt a string with the specified secretkeys using the specified encoding.
Removes the address entity from the address list.
Resizes the width and height to match the specified measure spec.
To fire off the end element trace event.
Checks if the migrate from product home is valid and if it is the same as the
Returns the spanned history as an array. The spanned array will be an empty array
Formats the given message with the given arguments.
insert the pros node intoutterance.
Create a folder. If the folder does not exist it will be created.
Translates the matrix after a given amount of pixels.
Create a spannables string builder with the specified title and body.
Adds the specified protocol if it does not already exist in the list of protocols.
Returns a string builder for this class.
Adds an object to the table.
Load configuration from a resource.
Log a log message.
Draws a chart area.
Method to construct a public key.
Return the number of occurrences of a query.
Returns true if the expression is equal to the left side and the right side of the given
Adds a header to the response.
Returns an optional future that is completed with the maximum value selected by the given comparator.
Prints a single character followed by a newline.
Write a record to the file.
Commit the current set of working intervals.
Update the table using an update query. See the description for the syntax for the syntax.
Extract the specified indentation string from the specified string.
Gets the fullpath of the given filename.
Adds a line to a list of strings if it matches.
This will compare the result with the result of a previous calculation with the result of a previous
Converts a string to a base64 encoded string.
Start a slide. If the slide is up the number of items will be slide up.
Adds to this drawer builder all the items that are selected by the iddistrib
Returns whether or not the current level is debugging a finest
Resets the edit log.
Returns the sine of the specified angle.
Extract data from a stegofile.
Makes a sessionid from an encryptedid string.
Calculate a cardinals LoggerPath with a specified number of points.
Returns true if the current position in the queue matches the given string.
Compares two comparable objects.
Returns true if this is a root - level command.
Adds an expression to the expression list.
Wraps the given iterator until it has no more elements to process. If the iterator
Find a component by its name.
Returns true if the specified class is a fingerprint class.
Write a float value to the file with the specified name.
Extract the columnkeys from a line.
Draws a unique point on the page. The point s location is defined by the size
Converts a list of dictionary values into a list of bytes.
Instantiates an object of the given class.
Generate a derived key.
Waits until the number of threads is greater than the current number and induces
Shows the view.
Computes the string width of a string using the metrics.
Checks to see if an event is passessanity check.
Called when an action is performed.
Converts a localdate to a string using the default formatter.
json property metadata for a datasegment
Create an email field with the specified value.
Returns the address lookup information for the specified server URL serialno and password.
Add a onto the list. The list will not be reordered since its order follows the
Sets the node.
Sets the number of rows and columns of the cell to the specified value.
Overrides the openelement method to add a child element to the element stack.
Formats the record using the given format string.
Returns true if the given interval is the same as this interval.
Adds a relative URL to a url.
Start the system
Adds a journal index to this store.
Close the file.
Parses the first consonant.
Get the Sbox that will be shown in the navigation bar.
Execute a command and return the result.
Parks the lock and checks if the thread is interrupted.
Returns a list of cl platform with num > = 0.
Adds an action request dependency to the m dependencies.
Returns true if the given object is a date.
Converts the object to an xml string.
Builds a list of vector2d from a list of points.
Goes through the heap until the current object is more than twopos or there are
Inserts a character into the string table.
Release the lock held by the putlock and release the lock held by the putlock.
Returns true if the given filename contains any of the given extensions.
Write a constant pool entry into a dataoutputstream.
Initializes the properties.
Add a network listener.
Generates a content prefix for the current request.
Adds an error listener.
Validates a classname to ensure it is a valid classname.
Imports all base - types for a raw module.
Get the matrix as a copy of the current matrix.
Log the status of an operation.
Set the localized message associated with this token.
This method is used to set the dialog s kseframe.
Compute the dynamic vmargs for a project.
Normalizes the specified string builder by replacing all numbers with the normalized number.
Generates a new vector with the same contents of the current vector but with the specified index
Remove an organization configuration entry.
Removes a previously registered listener from the group.
Set matcher matcher for a given matcher. The matcher is based on the matcher s name and
Extract the key from a name.
Calculate the spacing between two points.
Transform string map.
Set up a new componentmanager with the specified generation sequences.
Deletes all observers.
Converts a byte array to a synchronized block.
Generates a md5 key.
Sends a message to the logger.
Unzip a byte array to a gzip outputstream.
Inserts an item into the combo at the specified index.
Returns the object which corresponds to this cor representation of the specified object. This method blocks until
Returns true if the string is not a valid error in the specified string.
Returns the hex representation of a number. If the number is negative then the string is returned
Splits a string into a HashMap. The key is the current string the value is the
Returns a set containing all keys in this set.
Start the min secure streamer.
Set the lineage and the timeout.
This method is used to get the org. eclipse. xtext. org. xtext
Returns a pretty print of the given height.
Reduces the specified calendar to the specified number.
Surround the given string with the given prefix and suffix.
Return the ptnot of the specified coordinate.
Returns a string with the specified length filled with the specified pad character.
Calculates the time in seconds for a session.
Decrypt a byte array.
Log the os information.
Writes the current value to the output or throws an exception if the current value is not
Returns the hash of the given string.
Generates a generatetransportzonenative guid with the specified transport type
Add servlet with name and jspfile.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Sends a debug message with a throwable.
Remove an event listener from the list of listeners.
Create a new executionsystem instance.
Returns true if the specified element type is a command token or a case - command.
Sends an xtracereport report to the server.
Returns true if the specified string matches any of the specified prefixes false otherwise.
Asserts that the elements in the typeinfors list are ordered by the minimum value
Fire the mouse event.
Converts an array of strings to a SQL - compatible string.
Paint the contentbordertopedge.
Analyze allitandwriteresults.
Execute update or delete rows.
Returns the current threadJSON representation.
Create an entry from a list of ldiflines.
Clears out the current parser {} s.
Reads a short from the stream.
Formats an integer into a string buffer starting at the specified offset.
Append a single character to the buffer.
Checks if the specified string is one of the permissions defined for the specified entity.
Returns true if the string is a annotation.
Checks to see if this basicblock is an ISEhandlerequivalent to
Returns a checksum of the source code.
Returns true iff state. longlabel is true.
Create a secretblock with the specified target location. The specified target location is set to the
Installs a normal intent.
Create insert list.
Adds metadata from the specified outlinesobj to the outlinedataxml node at the
Decodes a non - negative k into a non - negative integer.
Convert a stream to a byte array.
This method is used to override the default value of a parameter with a default value.
Inflates the specified string with the specified configuration string.
Returns a revocationhash of the specified target using the specified seed for the specified maximum number
Load the class from the specified classloader.
Returns true if the resource is the same as the one at the path provided.
Flips the current image s back buffer.
Loads a string value.
Create a map from a soapelement to a string.
Draws a hook onto the canvas.
Converts a bitmap to a byte array.
Called when the continue button is pressed.
Flushes the pending data.
Clears all cached data.
copy a file to a directory
Flushes and rebuilds the buffer.
Record the data in the file.
Loadrewrites from a string into a list of commands.
Override this method to create a new list of options.
Called by the application to close the connection. The application should not call this method directly.
Sends a http request.
Verify that the number of bytes in the string is the same as the number of bytes in
Converts a double to a string using the specified format.
Removes a collection of positions from thisetch.
Resets the bounds of the shape.
Attempt to get the colour of the given string
Returns the rank of the matrix.
Returns true if the object is a modifiablevariable modification ; false otherwise.
Saves the string content to the file.
deleteold temp file.
Flushes the state of the state machine.
Create a jpegt orgb image from a byte array.
Stops the specified object but does not release it from its parent.
Replace the eventtopic part with the given eventid.
Returns a match result of this pattern.
Create a project constraint set.
Decode a string with the default charset.
Copy the original region to the target region.
Obtain the class for the current class loader.
Adds a path style to the path.
Returns the colorto angle of the specified color.
Parses aoldbounded size.
Adds a parameter to the encodedquery parameter list.
Creates a button img with the given parameters.
Create a new namespace with the specified qualifier and principaluser owner and add the specified users to
Decrements the thread by one and returns the result.
Update the buffer with a new color and an angle.
Clears the array.
Acquires a lock on the putlock and delete lock on the putlock.
Delete all files in this directory.
Update the podcastpublicationdateandlastMediaurl property of the episode.
Remove the uiname from ui_list.
Make this object a non - empty non - empty non - empty non - empty non -
Generate a pre - computed knnquery for a given distance function and a relation.
Returns a new sorted set with the specified positions adjusted by the specified adjustby value.
Adds an id to a string builder.
Create a new available migration object with the given version.
Adds a comment to the current element.
Attempts to draw the specified image using the supplied transform and observer. If the image is
Do not call this method directly. It will be called by the display event.
Select all from the table.
Add a raw string value.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Reads an unsigned int from the file.
Returns a list of the country with the addresst type.
Adds a new animatorpauselistener to this activity.
Makes the attributes of this Element as non - immutable.
Adds a component to the list of components.
Convert a uri to a uires URL.
Adds a line to the invalidateline.
Draws a line from a point. The origin is assumed to be the same as the
Initializes this URL instance with the values from the given other URL instance.
Unlinks the non - null last node.
Determines if the specified notification listener instance is registered for the specified type for the specified client
Read process output.
Fills the header with the given datamodel from the http servlet response.
Adds an operand to the current ispace predicate list.
Return the total amount of all egbilldetals of the account.
Skips the given number of times.
Remove allims.
Converts a string to a escapes string for use in hexadecimal strings.
Copies the content of the specified reader into this object s content using the specified encoding
Clears all cached dictionary from the surrogate keygen.
Returns the specified string with the specified number of arguments appended to the specified string.
Rename a file.
Execute a camera command.
Returns an enum set of kindnames corresponding to the given type.
Returns the number of bytes in this string.
Returns the serializedigest response for the given parameter map.
Populates the details of an activity using the package name of the activity.
Retrieve the JSON encoding from the http headers.
Converts an image to a buffered image.
Returns the time at which the thread was started.
Move the iterator forward to the next view.
Returns the sign of the given string.
Simulates a method.
Add a method to the set of resolved methods. If the method is static the method is
Set the bit topp positive.
Destroys all the context objects in the context map.
Closes the outputstream.
Returns the node at the given index or null if the index is out of the list.
Computes the line width of a given character.
Create a new file if it does not already exist.
Initializes the stream with the specified basetim spec and sets its wrapping key to null
Converts an array of coordinates to a string.
Extracts the weights from the list of synapses.
Flushes the connection and closes the underlying connection.
Returns true if this set contains the given hashes false otherwise.
Ensures that the current position + additionaldata is at the end of the passed buffer.
Returns true if the specified number is a valid region code.
Trim off the end of a URL.
Get the next class.
Adds the supplied alpha to the supplied color.
Stop the server.
Returns a copy of the local state.
Attempts to read a response from the server.
Adds the specified element at the end of the queue. If the queue is full the
The translatable component of this component.
Adds a part at the specified index.
Inserts a string at the specified index.
Indicates whether or not the given nature is equal to the given value.
Dumps the specified string to the specified output stream.
Opens the channel. The channel is closed after calling this method.
Determines if source is assignable and if so returns the target. If not found returns
Advances the specified areapPanelinfo with the specified time.
Update.
Send a request option.
Executes a journal test using the specified properties.
Adds an iresource to the delete list.
Returns the maximum of the two numbers.
Add a container for an image.
Write the external representation of the approximation of the knn distances to the output stream.
Adds a dotexpression on the method.
Get thread local request.
Hashes a string using the algorithm described in RFC 2045 section 5. 1. 1
Add a delay to the commerce section. If the delay is null the commerce section
Returns a hashcode of this hash table.
Unsubscribetopic a message from the queue. If the queue is full the
Returns true if the current OS name is a invalid operating system name.
Called by the connection manager when a client leaves the keepalive and kills a connection.
Returns true if the given name is a compound name.
Calculate the top and bottom padding of a starsize.
Returns true if the given string is regex.
Checks to see if a handler can handle the intent.
Flushes the output stream.
Makes a copy of the string content and attaches the result to it.
Make a sentence from the given connective sentence and the given children.
Asserts that the key was previously encoded.
Initialize this object.
Computes the sum of all registered values in the histogram.
Update the package info for the given user with the package information from the packagename.
Parses a string into a datetimedata object.
add a new attribute values
Waits for a thread to be interrupted. Requires a version of the API. See
Sets the maximum index of the segment in which to write the new data.
Finishes the opening of a fragment.
Writes all the words in the specified utf - 8 to the specified offset in the specified
Converts a string to a hextostring noexception.
Gets all tags of the given feature which match all tags of the given feature.
Converts a rate to a general unit rate.
Returns the next number from the buffer or - 1 if there are no more elements.
Get the bit vector that contains all of the items in this item.
Extracts a string from a double value.
Create a new index createdevent with a random date and number.
Validate the given string against the given rule.
Find theurifromdoc for the specified owner.
Returns a random number in the range [ start end ).
Inserts an event into the queue if the predicate matches. If no match is found the
Generate an ivParameters spec.
Returns true if the specified character is an iLoopken character.
Draws a set of line and a set of datapoints.
Create a new element type.
Returns the tag string for a given class.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Generate a uri with the given fragment.
Override this method to paint the context.
Create a byte array from this game object s dataoutputstream.
Add a import.
Draws an arrow head.
Initializes the environment loader with a dynamic class loader.
Unmarshals the parameters.
Load data from the service.
Methode createn a resourcename with the given locale and remove extension
Converts an array of objects to a displayable string.
Draws an icon at the specified location.
Synchronously executes the specified query.
Clears all cached properties.
Converts an image to a buffered image.
Returns whether or not the task can be cancelled.
Removes a graph from this graph.
Override this method if you want to override the event section.
Adds a message to the pending list.
Set the untildate date for the builder.
Checks to see if the touch point is inthumbr set to a normalized value
Delete all files from the filesystem with the given base uri.
Returns whether this object can be used with the current version of the other object.
Updates the duration with the specified time unit.
Submits a new dispatchertask to the executor service.
Returns a thread pool based on the default distributed thread pool.
Dumps the current state of the buffer to the specified writer.
Set the wrap = mfield is non - null if the mfield is non - null
Add a newreespaceincomplete room for the specified layer and shape. The room is
Computes the esire dellipsoid magnitude of a given point.
Trim all occurrences of the pattern from the given string.
Validates theVIX file details.
Calculates the next trace.
Serializes an object to a byte array.
Writes the contents of the specified buffer to the specified channel handler context.
Create a new sensor with the specified system name and username.
Returns the maximum of the two specified distances.
Draws a polygon with the given points.
Write exifstream to the specified output stream.
Decode the given base256segment into a string.
Notifies the adapter that the selected date item has been selected.
Converts to IPv4 addressbytes.
Returns true if the given template is a valid template.
Takes an object from the head of the queue.
Returns the normalized value of the first element of the array. If the element is smaller than
Destroys the connection.
Escapes and Escapes a single atom.
Create a new command - line option from a given command line and a command - line input
Indicates whether or not the network is connected.
Override the ontabclosing method to reset the state of the tab and create a new tab
Adds an authcontext to the collection.
Close a packet.
Remove all edges that are no longer needed and replace them with a new list.
Calculate the current timing event and set it to the specified fraction.
Set the root pane and install the specified ui.
Returns a string builder for the contents of this list.
Writes the specified value to the current position in the file.
Recursively expands a list of strings into a list of strings.
Returns a charset for the specified charset name.
Sets the value of an integer property.
Dumps a stack trace for a given message.
Executes the specified SQL with the specified options.
Obtain the qualified name of a class.
Returns true if the specified feature is equivalent to this one false otherwise.
Maps a string libname to a native string libname.
Returns the next matcher in the stream or null if there are no matches.
This method is called only by the worker thread when the queue is full.
Adds a private field.
Recompute the subrs of a font by creating a new list of subrs.
Returns true if the next character in the sequence matches the pattern.
Inits the gl components.
Clear out the views.
Sets the parameters for the contributetoken request.
Reads a number of characters from the specified buffer starting at the specified offset.
Returns the lenient version of the given string.
Given a treenode and its children return a list of the children of that node.
The result is a negative one. The result is a positive a positive a negative b positive
Create and bind an instance with the given parameter access parameters.
Sets a experiment for the simplesetectPanel.
Add a listener to the list of listeners.
Process the command line arguments.
Returns true if the specified virtualarray is discovered false otherwise.
Initialize the xmltree.
Returns true if this object contains the specified name.
Returns true if this is a prefix of the specified prefix.
Returns true if the window is contained by the class windowclass.
Fire a property change event.
Fadetolayer the specified index.
Returns a hash code for the given field.
Sets the attributes of an abstract object.
Returns the sootmethodandclass for the given string.
Start up the voice and all the other services.
Find the start of the specified column.
Decodes a color from its string representation.
Returns a list of modules required for a given target type for a given locale and voice.
Returns the distance between this vector and another.
Calculates the garbage Collect time for the current JVM instance.
Closes this session.
Returns the number of non - null non - empty non - empty non - empty non -
Starts an object.
Sends a producer record to the specified topic.
Returns a string of the specified character and the specified number of characters.
Add a connectionview to the platformimpl.
Trims all non - space characters from the beginning and end of an array and trims
Adds a script finished listener.
Called when an iabresult is received from the navigation engine.
Writes an array of bytes.
Concatenates the specified arrays into a new array.
Ensures that the array is at least as large as the specified capacity.
Adds a value to the set of values for the specified category.
Pushes a continuation element at the end of the list.
Calculates the angle ofindegrees between two points.
Returns the number of times the specified charsequence appears in this pattern.
The label of the given crlnum is the deltacrlindicatore
Logs a message with a verbose level.
Computes the log - likelihood of a given number of values.
Specify the tolerance to be used for the actual pid controller. The actual pid controller will be
Called when the drag is finished.
Writes a log to the table.
Inserts an entry into the dynamic table.
Extract the secret access key from a URI.
Sends the specified contact. If the contact does not have the same name or number as
Adds the sootclass.
Returns true if the current activity list has more than the specified number of room.
Is running.
Parses a string and returns a list of steps.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Performs a snapshot of the data stored in the file with a non - empty journal.
Check if the string is in the rows of the table.
Calculate the power of a value.
Returns the full class path for the specified class.
Writes a counter out as a string.
Create the Imported annotation map for the specified packageelement.
Get the osmelement pastefrom node.
Inserts a cursor into the pending list.
Checks to see if the mouseevent is selected as a button of an input mouse event
Add a success message.
Called when the frame is changed.
Close the inputstream.
Returns the next logsegment sequence number for a given logsegment descriptor.
Throws an exception if the given string is not a specific language.
Returns a random value based on a fus convenience function.
Returns a boolean indicating whether the reader has been queued up by this thread.
Gets the inactivetimem wide value for the current system time.
Convenient method to throw an error if the condition is not met.
adds a cos definition to the cos definition.
Convert a DOM element to a currentNode. element. description = short. fieldvaluestring.
Returns the qualified name of the given class.
Generates a jwt with the given parameters.
Export a string with a list of symbols.
Returns true if m isfulfilling.
Overridden to add a new datasourcelistener.
Returns the annotationin of the specified qualifier from the specified tosearch and top level from the
Changes to the failed state.
Read a number of bytes from an inputstream.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Finish a parse of the child nodes of the current group.
Cancels the previous state of the showall button.
Returns a list of all the entries that are dead.
Creates an error dialog with the specified title and message.
Checks to see if a string has the expected suffix. If it does it throws an
Adds a tag to the stack.
Returns the parsedisk string from the input string.
If the current context is not null and the object does not match the supplied context the supplied
Creates a new persistentsearch control instance.
Establishes the connection between the specified synapses and the specified neurons.
Multiply two characters together. The result will be a number.
Normalize a charsequence.
Registers a new time zone listener.
Write a byte to the block.
Starts a listener for the specified resource.
Returns the contents of this cell as a row - column - vector.
Resets the scheduler to its initial state.
Calculates the hashcode of this string and caches it.
Record the current timestamp.
Throws an exception and checks the status of the thread.
Parse the given string.
Returns the default maximum radius.
Returns a copy of this buffer as a char array.
Returns the number of pending nodes.
Inserts a component at the specified index.
Converts a string to a list of strings.
Appends the path to the current request.
Set the handler for all entries of a given map.
Add the given selector to the list of rules.
Appends the given byte array to the end of the read buffer.
Returns true if the specified tsl parseresult contains the specified ojurl.
Initialize the resource bundle.
This method is used to create a new graphics object for a layer that is drawing.
Returns whether or not the package name matches the naming convention.
Adds a new host to the host list.
Returns the next character.
Doremovef entry.
Sets the message and cause for a computetaskcancelledexception.
Normalizes a range of characters from src starting from src starting from dest and returns the number
Remove obsolete elements from a list of strings.
Removes an action from this update manager.
Calculate the error of the specified number of quadsegs.
Return the next read sequence and quality value as a pair of strings.
Adds a character to this model.
Returns true if the type of the given ifd is valid.
Remove a child group
Returns the storageport with the given native guid or null if there is no storageport with
Add a fragment to the split list.
Creates a osmelementprocessor for the specified map builder.
Close the output stream.
Returns the respokedirectconnection associated with this session.
Append a national number to the end of a string.
Cut this object and deleteelected objects.
Stops the light and cancels any active services.
Releases the resources held by this shared object.
Configure the prefix.
Writes a affine transformation matrix to the current page.
Asserts that the string s sign is the same as the original string s sign.
Prepend a painter to the end of the chain.
Parse operator kind.
Simulates a touiselector and sends it to the specified destination object with specified
Adds a new sync entry to the queue. If the queue is full it will add
Removes a series at the specified index.
Adds a glue to the jcomponent with the specified layout.
Writes a result to a file.
jmx provider implementation.
Writes all the blocklet infally generated data to the given file channel.
Renders the tree.
Registers the given regular expression with the given string and replace with the provided string.
Returns true if the two strings are equal except for the case when ignorecase is true.
Adjust the size of the backingRandomaccessfile based on the number of chunks in the file
create a new collection with all the elements in the given collection.
Create a invocation expression for a method invocation expression.
The method used to trigger a dod JSON clickaction on the current thread.
Returns a graphnode serializable instance of the given string.
Processes a list of string values and executes the specified SQL if necessary.
Creates a new segment for the given descriptor.
Returns true if the specified email address is one of the people in this group.
Computes the maximum of two values.
Adds a block to the writenindexblks list. Does nothing if the block
Removereferencetoconnection.
Returns true if this pattern matches a word.
Generate a random location state.
Generate a single class file.
Adds a viewid to the item child viewids list.
Remove a creatureresp whitepoint.
Start a photo from a file.
Convenient method for getting a long from an array of bytes.
the unicodeescapelexer - sets the code for the current line and returns the
Called when a mouse event occurs.
removeformatting the specified string.
The result will be equal to the original result. The result will not be equal if the
Prints the current object array to the console.
This method will return true if the node has been removed from the cluster false otherwise.
Writes the data to a csv file.
Create a new organization configuration entry.
Delete an authentication domain.
Adds the source code for a given element.
Entry point for an event.
asynchronous save entity entity entity.
Returns true if the condition is not met.
Resolves the parent - child name of the given object.
Returns a new line with the specified value filled with the supplied default value if the new line
Converts an SQL SELECT statement to a set of relnodes.
Execute a script with the given function name and the given context object.
Create a document builder factory with the specified settings.
Returns a string representation of the specified rate.
Returns whether the session is closed.
Start the thread.
Defines a new type definition.
Escapes the given byte array.
Returns the name of this device as a native string.
Convert a document to a string.
Returns the clientformembers with the given seed addresses.
cast a string to booleanvalue
Returns true if this object has more work to do.
Set the seed of the engineet.
Generates a. class file and writes it to an outputstream.
Checks whether or not the font format should be used.
The main entry point for this example.
Takes a string and replaces it with a non - empty string.
Returns the calctexth height of the specified paint and the specified string.
Check to see if isbeingshutdown is necessary and throw an exception if it is.
Checks whether or not the queued list has been unblocked by dependencies and executes them.
Calls a method on an object. Returns the number of arguments the method was called on
Fire a propertychange event for a property.
This method is used to repaint the marker images.
Capture the contents of a string.
Returns a string representation of the given number.
Implements the procedure described in section 5. 1. 2 of Chen and Tu
Deterine the element data of the document and its child nodes.
Checks that a frame value is valid and adds it to the set of used labels.
Creates a template for the given string.
Determines whether or not a custom area should be shown.
Initializes the signature with the specified private key.
Selects all zones for the specified network and the specifiediatorsandports.
Checks if the given filename contains any of the given extensions.
Write the jar postresource.
Closes the current file.
Sets the type of event listener.
Returns a list containing all the child nodes of the given node.
Sets the current thread s context.
Returns the info value of an array of integers.
Adds a method to the signature.
Add the replication factor to an operation.
Displays an initial after the frame has been created.
Decodes the suffix of the current line.
add a new server transaction
Calculate the spacing between two points.
Does this method contain a specific method?
Set up the tag mapping for the given source and target name and namespace.
Select the attributesetinstance.
Ensures that the file is open. If it doesn t exist it creates a new file
Run the tests to see if the local cache is valid.
Prints an object to the standard output.
Stops the current thread and removes it from the pool.
Reads a number of bytes from the inputstream into the specified buffer.
Convert a transmeta to a graph file.
Close the outputstream.
Add a propertyTermener to the beancontext child with the specified name.
Checks if the TTL has been changed since the last call to this method.
Load the userinfo into the avatar image if necessary.
Returns the direction of a keyevent.
Adds spans to the graph.
Returns whether this object is persistent.
Makes a date from separate Strings for month day year hour minute and second.
Attempt to schedulenew a failed task.
Find the configin working directory.
Attempts to add the specified word to the current line.
Returns true if the preference has been set.
Reads the value of the specified HTTP header and sets it to the specified value.
Returns the string value of the given boolean value.
Waits until all data has been added to the message queue. If verbose is enabled
Add a live string to the query string.
Returns a string representation of the specified URI with the specified encoding.
Returns true if the given key exists.
Sets the line and column of this allocations.
Draws an image.
Returns the number of characters in the given string of the given dimension starting from the specified offset
Start the activitymonitoring.
Returns an array with the coordinates of the specified latitude and longitude at the specified angle.
Initializes the checkbox.
Paints a checkmark with the icon enabled and selected.
Returns the index of the first non - space character in the specified URI or - 1 if
Write a command to a file.
Reload the object with the specified reason.
Sets a new record.
Block a stream of strings.
contentspectoelement Method.
Grows the spine array by the number of elements.
Tries to reconnect to the server.
Returns an unmodifiable collection of gridportrecord records.
Return the current contents of the buffer as a string.
Returns true if the specified standardd event has a changeevent with the specified name.
Reset the xml component list.
Returns the distance from the specified circle to this circle s center.
Sets a command.
Grows the size of the vector.
Converts a string to lower case.
Set the selectionmodifiers and add at the same time add at the same time.
Performs a breadth first search over a set of nodes starting from the specified firstvalue
Configures this object with a reference to a view of the specified type.
Reports wrong number of arguments.
Tries to announce the given groups. If the datapackets are not equal the last
A convenience method to create a drawing attributes object for each property.
Closes the scanner.
Create a new policytree.
Rollback the method for creates a snapshot.
Converts a string to a time.
Detaches an appcompatactivity activity from the attrviewmaps and removes it from
Read the settings for this menu.
Adds a downloadinforun runnable object to the current activity.
Generate a tla and add it to the mappingobject.
Returns true if the specified string is not a valid Unicode string hunk.
Adds a string to the type.
Returns true if this token provides a identifier.
Removeredundantaffix.
Returns the next random int.
Resume the selected day.
Stores the last used time for this cache entry.
Returns true if the element at the topindex of the top and the topindex of the
Extractarcs from an oid.
Performs a test of whether the string is a duplicate.
Computes the variance of the missing class and updates the sumpriors from the
Returns true if the file should be processed.
Adds the specified number of bytes to the end of the array. The array will be
Start a new connection.
Increments the current access count.
Returns true if a == b.
Converts a bitmap to a byte array.
Configure the dialog with the specified coercive parsing data.
Computes the log of a number to a base
Computes the uf6 function of a vector using the sine method.
Sets the title description and extensions to be included in the file descriptor.
Reads a block of data.
Adds a run to the list of runs.
Copy the contents of the given array of converters into the system one.
Adds a state to the sensor.
Initialize with a new socket channel.
Resets the internal variables.
If the current value is non - null invoke the consumer with the current value otherwise do nothing
Send the intensity.
Reads a float.
The glow scheduler.
Fills the array with the same values. The order of elements in the array is not
Calculates the measured width of the items layout using the specified mode.
Tears down the file system and deletes it.
The method execute if the given pe is a psiv Element. If the pe is not
Writes a range of characters.
Convert a time zone string to a time zone string.
Send a message to a group.
The string value.
Remove the tcpserverthread from the running list.
Set the current node of the event.
Returns the number of source chars in the given log.
Takes a license file and deletes it if it exists.
Use this API to testnet3params.
This method is called from the worker thread. It blocks until the worker is stopped or the
Reads data from a datainputstream.
Update the fastscroller bounds.
Sets the title for the dnetsca specifed panel.
Create a path with the given name under the given parent path.
Returns true if the current operating system is Windows.
Return a set of functioninterface objects representing all of the units in the set.
Adds items to a list.
Returns a list of proxy objects with no_proxy set to true.
Add the includes from a given definitions to the linker.
Adds a rankedob observation to the matrix.
Convert a VCF record to a VCF record.
Reads a number of bytes from the underlying input stream.
Returns the ldifentry reader of the specified type.
Update the leftp person info and the entered person info.
Removes the item at the specified position.
Ask the user for a list of licenses to present the user to the application.
Adds a geokey to the index.
Detects geotimeserie within a given window.
Generate a debug string builder for a single itemset.
Write a boolean array as xml.
Adds an outbound rule to the outbound rule.
Set the username and password for this request.
Called when a touch event occurs.
Adds the specified flags to the layout flags.
Check if a cert is in a keystore
Deletes the article with the specified amounttopurge.
Reclaims all child views from the layout.
Set the serverproxy and the proxyid.
Translates the numbers in the specified graphics context to the specified coordinates.
Append a key to the current line.
Transfers data from one stream to another.
Set the value of a property on this object.
Adds two numbers and throws a math runtimeexception if the operation fails.
Writes out a qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified attribute to the current element of the qualified attribute
Adds a checkbox to a container.
Push the current state onto the stack.
Drops an index.
Returns the element at the current position in the queue or null if the queue is empty.
Adds a processor to the pipeline and returns the index of the next processor.
Adds data to the stack at the specified index.
Initialize the map.
Deletes an entry from the pool.
Converts one number to another.
Checks to see if this is an isembeddedbase64 image.
Change the state of the device.
Returns the index of the parselinklabel after matching the link_label pattern.
Return the contents of a file as a string.
Throws an exception.
Check access to the license
Close the file.
Returns the index of the operator.
Converts a string to a list of strings.
Convert booleanarrtostring.
Decode a base64 encoded string to a buffer.
Clears the model.
Returns the nearest neighbor of the specified color in red green and blue. The returned value is
Shuts down all network threads.
Set the byte array as a serial message.
Informs the invoker that the specified number of bytes have been transfered.
Writes a single bit to the stream.
Adds a force to the list.
Convert a metricvalue number to a metricvalue object.
Returns true if the specified sequence overlaps with the specified start and end.
Sets the value of the parameter k1 and b to the same values of the parameter b
This method prepares the record for access.
Returns true if the service is configured false otherwise.
Converts a string to a string array.
Reads a number of bytes from the specified string at the specified offset of the file.
Displays an error message.
Create a backup file.
Pushes v1 and v2 onto the top of the stack.
Executes the command rm - f at the end of the file.
Appends the container configuration to the container config.
This method is for internal use only.
Delete a set of users.
Returns true if the file should be processed.
Removes a region from the set of regions.
Close an inputstream.
Overrides the startelement method to set the id of the current element.
Stops the websocket with the given timeout.
Setter for storage.
Calculates the width of a single item at a given plot.
Starts the camerasource.
Adds a breakpoint listener.
Called by the peer after it has been painted.
Releases all waiters waiting for the specified phase.
Converts a string to a datetimeformat using the given timezone and locale.
Prints a stack trace of the given exception.
overrides the visitor to look for the type parameters of the type
Adds a block to this string.
Returns the po value of a function logarithm of the given value.
Returns the expression corresponding to the given string or null if the string is null or empty.
Adds a channel to the channel store.
Deletes all files in a directory.
Takes an inputstream and another file and pipe it to the outputstream. If the
Release the string.
Returns a new string with the specified leading character removed.
Returns the next element from the queue or null if the queue is interrupted.
Performs the given action on the current thread if the current thread is not the dut
Submits a task for execution.
Adds an attribute string to the set of attributeselections.
Copy the data from the current lastbytepos to the "_num. If the
Sample a value from the action set.
Called when a channel is closed.
Configure the headlesssimulation.
Tells whether or not the given URI is aextwindow.
Returns true if the given class is visible in the given classloader.
Remove an event from the queue.
the attributeschema are set if they are not already set
Returns true if the specified string is the same as this string.
Adds all elements of the given array to the given list.
Removes the specified supercardtoast.
Fails if the vmstat. header_and_data_parse is enabled.
Generates a new key from the given password with the given salt.
Escapes the string with the escape asserts.
Removes the view at the given child index from the parent viewgroup.
Checks if the specified prefix is already declared.
step called from Messagelogger when a message is received from Messag single
Calculates the ph physicalstatus based on the supplied creature creature and ismain
Set vertexprocessor t.
Releases the string to the idle state. If the string is in the idle state
Verify that the slice is valid and throw an exception if it is.
Throws an unsupported operation exception.
Returns a unique string based on the contents of the specified map.
Converts a charsequence to an inputstream using the specified encoding.
Waits for the specified string to be &lt ; &gt ; &gt ;
Delete the given cheque.
Returns the partialcorrelation of a given submatrix.
Adds a column to the report.
Adds and returns the timenanos of the delegate at the specified time.
Checks to see if a given value is within the valid range. If the value is
Returns the specified cell s string representation with the specified layout constant.
Fire a property change event.
Start a process and wait for it to finish.
Returns the underlying socket channel.
Asserts that the other date objects in the same time zone are equal.
Returns a string representation of the specified tag.
This method adds the filenamefilter to the chooser.
The function used to perform registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry registry
Returns a datetime object representing the specified string.
Validate a given model.
Adds an annotation to the page.
Find the provider id for the specified request.
Checks and creates the directory.
Asserts that all the values in the array match the expectations.
Checks to see if redundantop is required.
Prints a float followed by a newline.
Extract a register.
Generate an error message for the authenticationexception.
Builds an array of interceptor instances for the given method.
Removes the allphis from the list of conforms.
Count the number of occurrences of the specified token in the specified target string.
Initializes a set of test cases from a list of tests.
Builds a route builder for the specified resources and methods.
Checks to see if the specified string is a valid gml footprint and if so
Runs a single thread from the command line.
Quantile function of the distribution represented by p w. r. t. a. k
Returns the cipher parameters for the specified cipher key using the specified algorithm parameters spec.
Creates a new instance of the orioneditor class with the given configuration and quickassist
Writes a byte to the buffer at the given offset.
Adds a validation error.
Parses an optionsetting string to a map.
Generates client credentials with the given salt identity and password.
Build the dictionary.
Start the guidedtour configuration.
Run random test.
Adds a listener to the set of listeners.
Clamp the specified value to the specified minimum and maximum.
Override handleClick to handle a click at a particular point in the plot.
Adjusts the index of the forosr specialization of the given instruction.
Returns a string representation of this number.
This method is used to interpose a long array into a vector.
Creates a new file with the given prefix under the current temp directory.
Synchronizes the current authentication data with the authentication data of the currently logged in user.
Create a new element in encryptspace.
Called to update the active views.
Draws a line to the canvas at the specified x offset at the end of the loading
Returns true if the proxy settings for the property _str has been set.
Returns true if this is the same as the specified default.
Convert a string to a map of key - value pairs where the key is the key and
Overrides the onsizechanged method to set the bounds of the view and invalidate the invalidate
Add a new buffer to the internal buffer list. If the current buffer is null then the
Create a websiteaddress from a string.
Makes sure that the current file has the same base name as the file passed in.
Removes all elements from the pendingt elemment.
Adds random integer to an array.
Adds a new pdfpage to the pdfform.
Returns a string buffer.
Adds the statementsequence to the statement.
Called when the activity state has changed.
Returns theelity of the specified spot.
Converts an entity to bytes.
Return the first foo matching the specified uuid.
Rounds a float value to a nearest integer.
Version - specific constructor.
Returns true if the OS name is Windows me.
Returns the datetostring of the input date or null if input is null.
Computes the component size of a given form spec and cellsize.
Return true if both nodes have the same element type.
Appends datato to the current string builder.
Returns the string with the given value.
Resets the internal state of the reader.
Reads a single byte from the inputstream.
Writes a charsequence to a file using the default charset.
Checks to see if idffmeta is enabled for the given authn request.
Compile a prolog to a file.
Remove all listeners
Adds a new selectioninput dialog to this window.
Build the dictionary and store the results.
Convert a classname to a classname replace with _str.
Set the value of a URI.
Adds a solution to thetopopulation.
Converts the content of this buffer to a byte array.
Send a diskcreates spec asynchronously to the server.
Return true if the given host matches the given domain.
Disables the attribute with the given name.
Pushes a handle onto the stack.
Returns a string that encodes the post body with the specified parameters using the specified boundary.
Returns the value associated with the given key.
Writes the string to the output.
Gets the value of the control property.
Decode octets.
array field vector.
Recursively reverse the elements of this vector.
Starts the contacts contractobserver.
Fire a propertyvetoablechange event.
The method to test the LM dirichlet.
Adds the specified sinks to the map at the specified sourceurn.
Sends a user dto entity request to the entity manager.
Generates a DDL statement for a foreignkey and adds it to the DDL statement
Obtains the current time from the system and waits for it to become available.
This method is deprecated because it is not possible to use it directly.
Collects a list of virtualfile objects from a project and all its sub - directories.
Update the current position of the particle based on the provided elapsed time.
Updates the Updates the values and labels of the ticklabels based on the specified length
Returns true if the targetposition is within the bounds of the start and end position.
Asserts that the number of times the array has the same values as the original array.
Shows the item with the specified id.
Adds an option.
Determine the destination page based on the current page and the velocity.
Returns the string form of the object matrix at the given index.
Clones this vector.
Converts a glob - encoded string to a regex string.
Override forcenoloss in order to override the default forcenoloss behavior
Splits the specified string into an array of strings without the specified separator char.
Asserts the contents of the properties on this node equals the contents of the properties on the
Remove an object at the given offset from the source array.
This method is called by the UI thread when a table is not found in the database.
Returns whether or not the specified tabid is istabassociated with the specified tabid
Set the httpstream.
Adds a file to the list of files to be processed.
Returns true if the next character in the string looksliken?
Adds the ipoint first to the partialhull and the ipoint second to the
Reads a short.
Prints an inum.
Create a zyproximitynode for a given degree.
Checks to see if the specified varray uri is z3NA required.
reply the response
Configures the ccanimation.
scroll to the nearest parent path.
Adds a message to the smsmms. The number of messages to add is updated
Generate a random entry in the cache.
Swaps the current state of the Display with the error of the Display.
Returns a list of windows of the given string.
Build a path from a jsonpath.
Add an element to an array.
Returns the current double value of this variable.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Reads data from a file.
Create a new outputstream from a file.
Returns a keyset containing all of the keys in this set.
Add a certificatevalidity to the certificatevalidity list.
Add a policylistener to the cache.
Verifies that the given string is the same as the given code. If the code is
Create a new script engine from a file.
Returns the raw module with the given id.
Extract the element at index position i from the argument list and apply the function to it.
Obtains a jManagersedate from the proleptic year and dayof
Recovers an entry from a keystore.
Create a url classloader with the given base URL.
Little helper method for the basic minimum of 3 numbers.
The wiser.
Concatenates an object array with an other array.
Calculate the truck target for a given size. The truck target will be at the
Shuts down the scheduled executor service.
Clears all state of the builder.
Fills a string with the contents of the previous string.
Splits a list into two based on the number of elements in the list.
Displays an error message if the log level is greater than the current s level.
Adds a property listener to the list of listeners. If the list does not exist
Removes all files and subdirectories from the given path.
Compute the minimum version for the given elements.
Set the value of a dimensioned string.
Adds a range of characters to the value buffer.
Computes the Euclidean distance squared of an instance to a matrix.
Initialize with the given properties.
Adds an element at the specified index.
The multiplexmanager API.
Returns true if the specified element name matches the pattern.
Converts null to non - null value. If the value is null returns the default value
Compare the given tuple keyvalue pair with the last received keyvalue pair.
Draws the component of the track.
Converts a string to a time and returns the time. If the string is null returns
Create an X509 certificate alias for the given key type and set of issuers on
Computes the PDF of a given shape and scale
Set the specified charge to the specified value.
Parse the DXJD syntax into an array of actor instances.
Runs the testaband cbBroker.
Flushes the data to the os_.
Removes the current record.
Generate a token for an i leaf node.
Writes the packet buffer to the channel.
Registers a filename type.
Parses a localeformatted integer.
Used by wsfederationexception to parse the xml string.
Called when a resourcere entry is requested by the container.
Filters the collection of itemscollection from the player s level to the minimum and maximum level.
Returns the index of the specified key in the specified inclusive or stayinbounds array.
Adds the given symbol to the list.
Addescapes to a string.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Converts a base64 string to a long value.
Returns a list of all values with their local time sorted.
Returns the authority score of the specified page.
Completes the graphics stobedrawn and closes the graphics stobedraw
This method is used to browse a file or directory and return a list of all the files
Append a charsequence to the text.
Adds an initialobject to the specified pageid.
Unwraps data from the buffer and compacts it.
Returns true if the specified attribute is more specific than the specified attribute.
Check permission.
Store password.
Removes a child node from this node.
Asserts that the result is zero.
Waits for the process to exit and returns the result.
refresh all the children of the specified set
Override this to handle a failed operation.
Change the state of an annotationdocument.
Remove an edge from the sparseedge list.
Override this method to change the size of the page.
Returns true if this node has a descendant of the specified pattern.
Write a number of bytes from the specified buffer to the file.
Returns the classnames of the specified resource bundle.
Returns true if the class of the given object is a subclass of java. lang. Object
Calculates the number of indents for the current image.
Fails if statement with the same properties is not the same as statement with the same name
Returns true if the two arrays are equal.
Adds a workflow annotation to the current event order.
Add a animation frame to the animation.
Converts a codepoint into a string.
Attempts to delete the minidumpfile from the crashfilemanager
Close the outbound socket.
Extracts a bitmap from a source image with the default options.
Writes the package information to a file.
Return the first event.
Decode an object identifier from an ASN. 1 DER - encoded input stream.
Processes a list of prefixes.
Returns a deep copy of the probabilities array.
Dumps a given number to the given string builder.
Checks to see if the specified character is a tab character and types specifed.
Returns true if o1 equals o2.
Returns true if the given string is a valid type for the current thread.
Skips an iterable of notifications starting from the specified start id.
Returns true if the object has a class of pdxwriter otherwise false.
Writes a byte to a buffer.
Get the status of the queue.
Set the item at the current location.
Draws a rectangle or a sub rectangle at a specific location in the graphics context.
Emits a list add method.
Create a new key from a PEM formatted string.
Returns a new parallel queue with the given source and ordered and parallelism. The source and the
Returns the next available time in the specified time range.
Adds a var to the queue.
Returns the canonical version of the given URL. If the URL does not have protocolname then
Reads a string from the process file.
Calculates the duration of the specified duration based on the specified initial duration and the maximum
Computes the norm of the vector.
Returns the height of the specified measure spec.
Adds a byte to the buffer.
Returns the mean of the vector.
Create a new sprite from the specified sprite arrays.
Close the output stream.
This method creates a synct at a given date and uuid.
Returns true if object a is null and object b is not null.
Initialize the etcd client with the specified directory.
Close the inputstream.
Generate a extremity monitor with random values.
Replaces all occurrences of the specified old char with the specified new string.
New form string.
Returns a typed context that is canonicalized.
Open an other uri.
Waits for the specified zkstatereader to become available with the specified timeout in
Adds the specified element to this Vector.
Checks if theopy is non - null and not a duplicate.
Splits a file into a list of strings.
Returns true if the specified taxa is compatible with the specified list of availabletax
Draws a label at the specified location.
Returns true if this object contains map objects.
Executes all registered actions.
Returns a collection of objects with the specified width.
Add a aggregates mapping to the map. If the aggregates accessor is id then update the
Returns the minimum layout size for the specified container.
Checks if the resource is changed.
Returns thetelurl of the specified sip address.
Generates an evosvm model from the exampleset and the support vector.
Returns true if the Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double Double
Returns a thread - safe sorter that is thread - safe and thread - safe.
Returns a string representation of this character.
Computes the log PDF of a given value
Returns the corresponding format for the given codec.
Writes a range of characters followed by a comment.
Returns the maximum of the set of integer values associated with the specified key.
Find the object with the specified commitcounter.
Starts a new managed bean instance of a propertybundle.
Emit a stack trace for a throwable.
Splits a string into two.
Wake up a child thread so that it will no longer be stopped.
Registers a mbeanserver for the specified container. If the mbeanserver is already registered
Update the table.
Stop the mvideofadingedgestimer.
Remove a listener to be notified when the timeout event is received.
Process the generic properties file.
Adds an object to the tablelockmap. If the tablelock
Returns a random element of a list.
Updates the mapping to a new set and adds it to the map.
Joins an async invocation with the specified timeout for the current thread.
Defines a local variable assignment for the specified field slot.
Opens a database connection.
Generate a message with the specified error message and the specified arguments.
Called when a mouse event occurs.
Decode the specified string with the specified flags.
Evaluates a function with a list of arguments and returns the result of the function.
Returns the keyset of this map.
Output a list to a writer.
Computes the inverse of a vector f.
Overrides the default listoptions with a new list of options.
Appends a hex string to a string builder.
Prints the bootstrap map.
Convert an enumeration to a vector of options.
Adds a token to the list of tokens.
The parameter is the full set of values. The full set of values are full set of
Add tags to the series.
Attempts to load the build number of the current application.
Builds a random left GraphSegment from a left and right GraphSegment using the provided random
Adds focusables to the current item. If the current item does not have focusable
Configure the httpurlconnection to request a new httpurlconnection
Converts a number to a string.
Reads a escaped character from the input string.
Converts an input string to an output string and sends the output to a pack filename.
get the replicatorruntim runtimeexception from the properties file.
Converts a double to a local number format.
Simulates a method.
Converts a list to a long array.
Set the enabled flags for a candcriterium and update the table.
Perform a get remove operation on the delegate string. The result will be a hashset with
Formats a list of strings to a single string with the touppercase characters removed
removenotificationlistener.
Computes the Cumm product of the two arrays.
Recursively expand a list of files and subdirectories into a list of modules.
Creates a string representation of the specified collection of processerrorstateinfo objects.
Get theissuernames of the current chain.
Initialize and start the sharditerator.
Creates a xadatasource from the properties object.
Converts a data point to a point so that it can be used later in the method
Adds a view header view.
Returns true if the specified systemid is a unknown file.
Initialize the demand and collection map from the prepare field names and the rebates field names
Returns the i th Specifier of the specified type.
Calculates the nominal output and iteming attributes of this object using the specified string
Set the value of a font with the tag and style.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Create a socket to the specified host and port.
Flushes the input to the next batch and makes sure that the batch is finished.
Configure okhttp client.
Returns the contents of the specified file as a string.
Create a test suite for this factory.
Load an object from the properties.
Adds an image to the omraster at the specified location.
Dequeue all elements from the running queue.
Fires a propertychange event.
Asserts that two objects are equal.
Returns a string representation of all of the specified flags.
This method is called to format a SQL statement.
Add the string to the current indent.
Adds a childview to this view s layout.
Compiles a list of projects.
This method is used to print a list of all the contact items.
Resolves the specified result with the specified result.
Adjust the name and position of the node so that it has the same name as the original
Create a snapshot of the given type.
Saves the configuration properties.
Returns the number of characters in the specified list that match the specified delimiter.
Builds a URI.
Completely release the render buffer.
Writes the contents of a file to a Kanjiescape output stream.
Set a message for a specific error message.
Start the rendering.
Looks for resources of the given type and class.
Calculates the sum of all entries.
Decrements by a given amount.
Returns the number of nodes in the list.
Returns the connection to the specified thread.
Estimate from a given range of uniforms.
Reads a repository metadata object from a stream.
Returns true if the given data type is a primitivedatatype.
Appends a line to the contents list.
Performs postprocess of the auto - refresh process.
Returns true if the node list contains the given node.
Create a new temporary file and write it to the jar.
Adds a timestamp value to the writeset.
Loads a single entity from the file.
Wait for a worker to exit and remove it from the worker list. If the worker is
Finishes writing to the stream without closing the underlying stream.
Returns true if the object is free to the top of the stack.
Returns true if a binding exists for the given key in the given injector.
Create a new internal service.
Returns the status of a directory.
Setter for outputstream proxy.
Builds the list of messages.
Puts a short at a specific address.
Calculates a digest for a given byte array.
pronounceablefsm.
Set the value for the specified key.
Makes the state of this block with the given values.
Searches for the path with the specified system name and attempts to find the path with the
Remove a component listener.
Returns the field with the specified id or null if there is no field with that id.
Does the given charsequence contain a numeric value?
Asserts that the contents of a given buffer equals the contents of a given buffer. If
Returns true if the given string is indexable.
Send a response to the server.
Decodes a string.
Wait for the mutex to be shutdown.
Adds a new connection to the system.
Returns the distance between the given point and this point.
Converts a string to an integer.
Adds the specified item to the end of this chain.
Update the simpanectrl with a new set of individuals.
Runs the event loop.
Returns a list of all keys in the directory.
Set the dialoguerecorder.
Generate unique identifier.
Reschedule all non - manifestalarms.
Adds a name.
Override this method to supplyAsync with your own function.
Changes to the specified state.
Return the datetostring as a string.
Add a test to theulelist.
Swaps the specified elements of this list at the specified index.
Build a list of namevalue pair.
Allows the closure to be called only once after the closure returns. If the closure is
Returns true if the string is matched by one of the patterns.
Add a new server.
Adds a leaf to this catalog.
Formats a time stamptostring using the given formatmask for the number of
Returns the length of the content of a request.
Draws the current state of the builder to the canvas.
Adds a parameter to the URL for an async request.
Replaces the target character sequence with the replacement character sequence.
Deletes the file and all its contents.
Returns true if the specified object is similarto.
Creates a new focuspoint for the given event type version and trackerid.
Add the given tuple to this tuple.
Adds a message to the Msongs. If the message was already in the M
Get all child elements of the specified class with the specified name.
Emit a parameter for a method.
Returns true if this object has the same hashcode as the specified object.
Get the tv show title.
Parses a JSON string.
Removes a modellistener from this table.
Replaces the specified string with another string.
Adds a permission to a path.
Waits for a runtime outtask to run.
Generates a new entity with the specified mac address and switchdpid and switchport.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid typesignature string.
Clears the contents of the internal array and compares the contents of the internal array with the
Replies if the group or any of its children are visible.
Checks that the number of arguments specified by the argument reference pattern is greater than or equal
Fills this object with randomized values.
Saves a bitmap to a file
Returns true if the method is valid.
Remove a sootclass from the set of srcclasses.
Updates the min and max values based on the given value.
Close a string.
Append a byte array to the end of the buffer.
Checks if the real size of the device is smaller than the updatesize.
Sets the invisible state of the cancel button to the specified value.
Adds a new attribute to this string.
Convert a string to a new object.
Converts the contents of this string to a z - string.
Records a new state.
Writes a sequence of characters to the current UTF - 8 writer.
Set the geoserver connection.
Verify a zipfile.
Caller must be synchronized.
Returns information about this node s state.
Compares the current object to the expected object.
Generate a random seed byte array for the process.
Returns true if we need to check exclude false otherwise.
Convert a hexa string to a byte array.
Generates a list of userauthorizations for a namespace.
Read the header of the file.
Draws a text at the specified x y coordinates.
Returns true if this is less than the specified percent false otherwise.
Make a clone of this object.
Return true if the point p is inside the specified cell of the specified table.
Adds a folder to the stoscan.
Create a new method for a remotedirectorgroup
Calculates the m - value of the Levenshtein configuration.
Creates a new secure socket with the specified port and inet address.
Prints a range of bytes to the output stream.
Delete the specified native id.
Find the index of a key with the specified name.
Returns true if the current time stamp is after the current timemired time.
Checks to see if the package is addto home.
Makes a new hashset for every node in the hashset.
Set properties for a classannotator.
Get the next random number in the sequence.
Puts an inputstream to the cache.
Returns a list with the number of times the specified string was found. If the specified string
Returns the string representation of the selection.
Calculates the excitatory data points.
Informs all irepository listeners that a root is removed.
Inserts a new object into the priority queue.
Override to customize the message.
Returns the command string for the specified command.
Build a abstractdmlquery from the given sqlquery and validate the space before parsing.
Get the index of an element in the array.
Returns the number of elements in this node.
Returns the full qualified name of the current string.
Sorts the tree by featuresequence and number of nodes.
Removes all listeners from the list of listeners.
Decrypt a string.
Computes the R - Path over the array y using the L - Path over the
Recursively adds the objects of the specified clus to the hull and returns the weight
Update a printserviceattributeevent.
Decodes a datatodecode to a file.
Evicts the entry from the pool. If the pool is full the current num to
Generates a number of individuals based on the current fitness functions and the current population size
Get the timestamp of the current session.
Listar a newly created table.
Asserts that the ones and twos are the same.
Appends the specified char to the current writer.
Insert an instruction at the beginning of a list.
Returns a new builder with the same configuration settings as the current builder.
Count the number of occurrences of a string in an array.
This method is called when the process is unprocessed.
Returns a copy of this matrix.
Prints the gotof mode value of this object.
Delete the subject.
Push an elemattributeset onto the stack.
Set the value of the current stack to the target value. If the current stack is not
Adds an unbounded from range.
Send response.
Replaces all the characters in the specified string with the specified character.
Returns the text as a charsequence.
Returns the canonical version of the given path.
Set the current configuration and token provider.
Move to the next record.
Draws a bitmap with a given radius with a paint applied to it.
Gets the value of the m Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms Cms
Start a thread that waits for the result to become available.
Return null if the input is null.
Converts pixels to meters.
Adds the specified character to the current buffer.
Returns the length of a 3 - dimensional vector.
Create a cache instance.
Set up the attributelist panel.
Returns the environment.
Removes a photo.
Returns the index of the first occurence of the specified value in the specified array or -
Computes the best score for each of the matched imatches for the specified classification
Append to the end of the array. The array must be the same length as this array
Adds a failure to the failure list.
Dumps the stack of parse state information for this symbol.
Returns a hash set containing all of the categories in the specified set.
Load the listener with the specified server key.
Uploads a file.
creates a sslsocket from the given socket
Returns a string representation of the specified right - to - left and right - to - right
Remove the object with the given interface from the platform object server.
Convert an inputstream to an exifout filename and write the exifout to the
Sorts the set of records using the given comparator.
Returns true if the exception is caused by a region destroyed exception.
Adds a value to the array.
Adds the arguments and the layer name to the magicvariables bundle.
Handles the setup video by setting the values in the passed in parameter.
Generate a list of users from a cursor.
Converts a string to a date.
Create a document builder from an inputstream.
Returns a string representation of this vector.
Resets the number of messages in the log.
Schedules a task to run every period of time.
Convenience method to set the realm attribute value.
Create a copy of a file.
Returns true if this is the same as the specified object.
Returns the next higher value than the specified value.
Compares two keys to see if they are equal.
Discard whitespace from an array of bytes.
Opens the selector.
Remove a child at the specified index.
Returns the differences between the two specified strings.
Paints the specified component using the specified transform.
Loads all the files in the directory with the given candidate into the current module.
Returns true if the throwable is suppressed from the specified class.
Writes a long to an outputstream.
Updates the messagedigest with the given byte.
Write an object to the outputstream.
Check ifinitiatorforrVisitor for the target host. If the target host is null
Returns a collection of serial messages that are supported by this platform.
Read a configuration file.
Adds a default value to the parameter b with the given key.
Makes a copy of a string array buffer from the specified last read.
Returns true if the device is an instance of android. graphics. device.
Return the contents of an object.
Set the resolveinfo attribute of the ActivityInfo object.
Generates a pair of strings from a pair of strings.
Ends the current formals.
Returns whether the next character in the string is a letter.
Extract the projectname from the uri.
Adds a reference to this model.
Set the stdstatus to the first errorinstatus and the last errorinstatus to the
Adds a property to the require property list.
Searches for a new cell in the pattern and adds it to the stack.
Given a string and a rule return the tagsets in the order they appear in the string
Set the result array to - 1 on the end of the array.
Submits a task for execution.
The result is the result of previous calculation. The result is the result of previous calculation.
Method used to create a xsqlda with the specified row descriptor.
Overwrites a vector with a single value.
Does the given string equal an empty string?
Adds a scrollview listener.
Attempts to get the callbacks associated with this tag.
This method is used to update memory used on update event.
Translates a point to the nearest neighbor.
Updates the level of traffic projections.
Log a stack trace message.
Reads a byte from the stream.
Decode a short to a string.
Draws the background.
Associates the specified value with the specified key.
Adds a layout editor panel to the panel list.
Called to trigger the expander.
Create a new ip interface.
Used to get the list of i editproposal for the currently selected view.
Set the pluginid extensionpointname and attributename.
Checks to see if a namespace exists. If not the default_namespace is used.
Returns a map where the keys are the keys and the values are the values.
Classify all the instances.
Converts the first character of a string to upper case.
Gets the index based on the provided proportionarray using a random number generator.
Checks to see if the width of the rectangle is smaller than the width of the page
Group sibling lists.
Count the number of non - carriage returns in the specified string.
Converts a set of indexes to a set of indices to a set of indexes.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Returns a description of this line as a string.
Add a string to the claimed signer role.
Writes the contents of a map to a stream.
Sleep for the specified number of milliseconds.
Restore the previousout anderrstream.
Constructs a crt from a list of big integer congs and a list of big
Returns the height of the specified measure spec.
Put byte vector.
Waits for the property value of the specified task to be finished and cancelled.
Set the content of the link.
Generates a list of endislands from a given number of chunks.
Inserts a function into the given byte - buffer.
Returns true if the a and b are intersecting.
Moves to the next choice.
Returns true if the current mequip type has a mis type of f_masc
Checks to see if the device has the required intent to run the specified action.
Wraps the remote host and port with the appropriate options. This is a known security
Convenient method to send a connection request.
Checks to see if a given certificate is iss associated with an X509 certificate.
Add a new mapping.
Returns the nearestwords of the specified distance to the specified start word token.
Derive a date and time from the string representation of the string representation of the date.
Adds a new category and a set of titles and values.
Removes all used parameters from the used list.
Merge the specified list of intervals into a new list.
Returns a string representation of the type specified by typerep.
Calculates the SHA1 checksum of a keystorefile.
Attempts to set the panning of a point at the current domain axis to the given
Start and finish a pourstart controller and finish a pour finish controller.
Create an image label for the specified checkbox.
Sends a close event for the current frame.
Removes an entry from this keystore.
Returns a new disjoint set with the specified number of elements.
Writes the cluster data to the printwriter.
Adds a command button to the panel.
Removes an item at the specified index.
Wraps a string with a tokenstream.
Check the current trace of the given polyline.
Deletes the file or folder.
Expands an array into a new double array.
Returns the number of bits necessary to encode the specified value.
Skip the specified number of bytes.
Create a new file and delete the file.
Die Methode liefert den Schrechendetbld s
Returns the value associated with key. Returns null if key is null.
Dumps the swfloaded line of the specified event.
Do the quick reply.
Writes a byte array to the file at the given offset.
Returns true if the config has changed since the last time this was called.
Adds all children of a view to the linkedlist of view groups.
Bind internal.
Change the header of the page.
Create a service for the specified timetable.
Remove an item from the list
An array of users that are allowed to access the API.
Get the finddist distributed device information for the specified device.
Reads a copy of a file.
Shut down all threads associated with this task.
Adds the specified object to the parameter list. If the parameter list already contains the same
Confirms to the specified file with the specified message.
Get the tvshowatasourcetask.
Finds a line at the specified offset.
Clears the current selection.
Returns a new non - json array of the specified component type and length.
Load the filenot found element and its subfiles recursively.
Assureproxyok if the socket is closed.
Adds the specified im message to this message set.
Set the key of this hash array.
Concatenates the given arrays to a new array.
Compares the specified way and the specified string with the specified string.
Reads a byte array from the input stream.
Gets the next power of n of the abstractspined buffer.
Returns the userelativepathtExt string.
Joins an array of URIs.
Closes the current file.
Displays a command line interface.
Clears existing data and tcodes for the specified obdservice.
Make a quadedge between o and d.
Sort the list of strings by their sequence number.
Adds the given key - value pair to the current value if not already present.
Recursively lists all files in the specified directory and subdirectories.
Create a new shape based on the specified size.
Release all resources held by this object.
Attempts to test the configuration of a method. If the method does not exist the configuration
Returns the cached file for this directory. If the directory does not exist it will be created
Return true if the file system contains the specified resourcename.
call the super method to read the external data
Returns a map of the object ids.
Adds a OR criteria to the current criteria set.
Create a new connection factory.
Writes a formatted string using the default locale.
Set the cause of the init method.
Set the ordinal message property key.
Adds a new node to the tail of the current thread and returns it.
Asserts that the given string is bounded.
Paints the specified component.
This method is used to restore a previously saved version of a string to a previously saved version
Read the class from an inputstream.
Return true if the requested host supports the requested negotiator. If the requested host is
the attributes of the iproject configuration.
Add a generalpath to the current path.
Add a new window to the set of windows to be closed.
Performs theancelogger.
Authenticate against a list of discoveries
Returns a hash of the given hex string.
Find the best match for the seed in the shorttext at the specified index.
Returns true if the specified string is run as a number.
Returns the uri type of the given string or - 1 if the string is not a uri
Adds a glue to a jcomponent.
Returns true if the given string is aresourcereference.
Leave the node. If the node doesn t exist wait until it is leave.
Returns an enumeration of the members of the principal.
Add a propertyvalue expression to the select list with the specified propertyname and asname.
Add an interface to this class.
Cut string from indexof.
request http get from registry
Fails if the queue is empty.
Initialize with the specified remote - authenticated user.
Invokes the static methods of the given object and invokes the static methods of the original object
Remove the specified tv show from the root node and all its child nodes.
Check whether the operation is compliance and if not set the message to the error message.
Returns true if o is an assignable from the class c.
Adds the specified element at the specified location.
Calculates the time at which the request was received.
Returns the index of the element in an array.
Invalidates the switchpoint cache.
Create a vdcconfig object from a properties object.
Set the proxy signature for the specified object and method.
Calculates the prediction of an instance.
Calls the provider to finish the current context.
Tells whether or not the given switchport is valid for the given pid and ofport
Fires a cluster change event to all registered listeners.
Adds a container to the batched set of images for the specified request.
Returns the pixel s RGB value as an int between 0 and 255.
Check for carry.
Adds a bottomcomponent to the panel.
Returns true if the given set of file paths are deleted.
Create a directory and optionally cleanup it if it does not already exist.
Emit an init string.
Returns the header value of the specified string from the specified request. If the header value is
Merge this resource item with the passed in result.
Converts a string to a translatetransferables string.
Create a buffer for the imageform at the specified size.
Adds a box b at the given position.
Create a new position at the specified offset.
Pad the specified string with the specified number of characters.
Resets the dtx variable.
Add an activity listener.
Adds a mutetuted username to the database.
Do the parsing of the network response and return the bitmap.
Applies a component consumer to the current component. If the current component is left or right
Gets the status of the selected item.
Closes the stream and releases any system resources associated with it.
create a newparcelable adapter instance with a list of objects
Fill the specified array with random bytes.
Draws a low - phase line to the graphics2d object.
Returns true if this class is a library class.
Return a set of objectnames from filtered named objects.
Check whether a view has cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross cross
Create an endpoint element.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Run the test_MultiplAlignourcelocking_resources. xml file.
This method is called when an XML start element is encountered.
Converts the contents of this buffer to a byte array.
Converts a string value to a calendar using the specified pattern and locale.
Convert the bitmap to a byte array.
Writes a template to a file.
Get the list of options.
Add a transformtreenode to the tree.
Processes the specified hexset by removing the modifier elements from each element and replacing the element
Adds the specified tokenitem to the specified string if it is not already present in the
Returns the index of the specified character in the specified string buffer.
Creates a basic diagnostic formatter with the specified c messages and prefix.
Returns true if the frontier is empty.
Returns whether or not this element is enabled.
Returns the variance of an array.
Extract user details from requestandresponse and store them in the specified requestandresponse object.
Sends location list to the LAN.
Serializes a text node.
Determines if the specified visualposition object isinsidesSoftwrap.
Returns true if the world is not valid.
Clears the map.
Returns the next parseposition in the parse.
Grows the buffer by a given amount.
Flushes the data to the underlying output stream.
Generate a messageformatectionlabel with the specified dataset and key.
Remove a graph listener.
This method is called when the user wants to override the content of the dialog. It is
Executes a command. The command line arguments are expected to be non - null and non
Increment the number at the specified offset.
Convenience factory method to create a ServiceCall instance from an inputstream.
Splits the specified string and returns the number of words the original string was split.
Returns true if the given actions are considered to be failure.
Adds a string to the dictionary.
Returns a deep copy of the array.
Checks to see if the given identifier is already in the list.
Wait for the messages to be received.
Converts the string representation of a date to a date.
copy a file to a directory
Set the pokem server API.
read a number of bytes
Encode a string with default charset
Asserts that the result of the XPath comparison is the same as the result of the XPath
Create an inspace predicate from a list of objects.
Delete a directory and all its contents.
Prepare the list of sort keys.
Returns the experimentertostring of a given instance.
Prints the current system output to the specified output stream.
Creates a new curatorframework instance and starts it.
Adds a string to the cvdescription with the specified mask and a tooltip. If the
Reads characters from the specified string and appends them to the specified string builder.
Converts a mutable attributeset to an html40 attribute.
Close the input stream.
Updates the amount field of the account.
Compares the contents of this instances with the contents of the passed in instances.
Evaluate the string.
Read a Dex file into a byte array.
Add a animator that will be invoked when the activity is being used as a wizard.
Displays a command line and runs the command on the channel with the specified length using the
Adds a subtree to the tree.
This method generates while statements in the while loop of the given tree.
Computes the alpha value of a function given x.
Initialize the activeslotslist from the given string representation.
Converts the specified action type to the specified string.
Returns the key to be hidden.
Removes the im currently registered activity token from the token map.
Returns true if types are equal and all are equal.
Reads a string from the input string.
Throws an assertionerror.
Returns true if this node is a leaf node.
Returns true if all of the characters in the given text are valid.
Stops the specified thread.
Write an object.
Convert a component to a container with equal border layout.
Put all the events in the region.
Loads a layout from a file.
Adds the specified file to the tracker with the specified marker. If the file is null
Takes a path and replaces it with a unix path separator.
Returns true if the parameter with the given name exists.
Returns the size of the window and adds it to the windows for the given window id.
Returns true if the given string is a valid sql99 identifier.
Sorts the specified list using the specified comparator.
Writes the current commit time to the journal.
Returns true if this is the appendtaskname attribute of the task.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Generates a random entry in the cache.
Returns the maximum value in an array.
Returns true if the string is the start of an element.
Reads a long value from the stream.
Removes the instance at the given index.
Extracts the access key of the specified string from the specified s3 uri.
used by the unit tests
Add a boolean value to the array.
Copy an object from one array to another.
Set the siteurllist.
Create a hashset containing the union of the given IPs.
Returns the vertex with the given id as an optional vertex. If the vertex does not exist
Adds a value to the current atomic long and returns the result.
Start the servlet.
Computes the Euclidean norm of the components.
Computes the p - Pageic distance between the missing points.
Writes an entry to a cache outputstream.
Generate a closeableanimated bitmap for the current resourcerele.
Adds a separator to the end of the list of labels.
Returns a copy of this converterset with the given converter added.
Start the document.
Truncate the specified map to a new sorted map.
Dump the index.
Returns true if the reflectionparam of the specified type is equal to the reflectionparam of the
Generate random numbers in an array.
Converts a string to a JSON - encoded string.
Writes the contents of this buffer to the specified outputstream.
Checks the consistency of the set of elements.
Returns an iterator on the elements of this jsonelement list.
Called when a mouse event occurs.
Asserts that any of the provided strings match the current request.
Returns true if this is equivalent to the specified imfmark.
Load all the workspaces screen ids.
Renders the content of the specified object into the specified writer.
format a string without a parser.
Multiply x y and z by a vector by a constant
Changes the linked image.
Computes the distance between a point and another point.
Record the current request end time to the alert log.
Returns true if the given string is not included in the set of filters.
Clears the list.
Returns the index of the specified class.
Loads the contents of a file.
parametertostring string.
Calculates the gridwidths for the specified number radius x center y center textsize
Flushes the journal.
Allocates a new array with a new array of names. If the new array is
Add a property to the request.
Update the member s client address and time.
Indicates whether or not the given ad_table_id is or explicitly assigned to the
Decrements the runnable by one.
Attempts to retrieve the action command from the event.
Serializes an object to a byte array.
Resolves the given string as a module pointer.
Add a new certstore.
Set the classpath for the nar working directory.
Returns the current block of the document.
Substitutes a type with another type.
Checks to see if a motionevent is Scrolling or not.
Asserts that the contents of _str match a webxml resource. The contents of _
Computes the edge between source and destination nodes.
Pushes a value onto the stack.
Create a decorator for an extendedtextlabel.
right - padded a string with a given number of characters.
Returns true if the specified feature and version are issu requested.
Clears the queue.
Reads a quoted string.
Returns a string representation of the model.
Returns a new big integer with the same sign but with a different number of bytes removed.
Assigns a value to an id field.
Writes an integer to an outputstream.
Returns whether this object is open.
performfindlist - > list of genericvalue - > entitylist - > list of generic
Returns the soastostring of a SOAP element.
Close the output stream and delete the lock file.
Initialize the cameram format object.
Return true if object x equals object y.
Writes a boolean to the output stream.
Trains a set of strings.
Find the ldap with the specified limit.
Format a string using the default locale.
Calculates the pythag of two points.
Writes a 32 - bit integer to the outputstream.
The main entry point for the cubeload algorithm. The argument x y z must be
Returns true if the availablefrom date is equal to the availablefrom date and the now date
Called when the button is pressed.
Returns the number of top - level messages to use.
This method is used to remove a from the list of listeners associated with the current thread.
Returns a copy of the current requestlog.
Decode the given string.
Fails if the table does not exist.
Adds a collection of objects to the cache.
Remove a logname from the list of currently logged messages. If the logname is already
This method initialises the internal data structures.
A view of the current application can be used with a view p.
Convert the string representation of a date to a date.
Filter the input string using the specified pattern.
Execute a SQL query.
Writes an array of bytes to the output stream.
Converts a string to a URL encoded string.
Returns the currency object for the given string symbol.
Returns the float representation of the given string.
Returns a new instance of the class contentinterface.
Request the password for sharePasswordd dialogFragment.
Force outof memory.
Add an entry to the cache.
Computes the enlargement Euclidean distance of an exist + addit
Calculates the intersection of this rectangle with the specified rectangle.
Is this a canget int?
Adds a condition node to the waiters list.
Clears the state of this object.
Returns a new string with the longest prefix of all UTF - 8 encoded units removed.
Asserts that two strings are equal. If they are not an AssertionFailedError is thrown
Displays a warning message with a stack trace.
Generates the full form of the given string using the given low string as the prefix.
Clears the current password visit time.
Strip the current locale from its language and country.
Appends a time zone string to the given buffer.
Unbind the globallisteners.
Pad the specified string to the left with the specified number of characters.
Makes a flag indicating if this frame should be displayed or not.
Write a charsequence to a file.
kernel as specified by the parameter s and endindext.
Gets a connection to the database.
Emits a clear with the given field name.
Startrecoarding the panel.
Add an input method listener.
Adds a fixedview to the adapter.
Attempts to load the class from the specified URL.
Add a document to the document writer.
Adds a new command.
Append the string builder to the DDL.
Saves pusher data to shared preferences.
Writes the blocklight buffer to the given output stream.
Executes the query and returns the result as a string
Return the next token matching the specified pattern.
Adds a new duration to the statistics.
Paint the background of a component.
Create a new serviceschema and add the provided default values to it.
Encode product string.
Returns whether or not the current version of the API is a m radar clone of the
Add a list of resourcedirs.
Returns the classnode if the usingclass flag is true. Otherwise returns the class_type
Push the hrefurl on the import stack.
Converts the map of string to a message.
Sorts the collections and returns the test tree.
Add a collection of eventbean objects to an array.
Add a marker with the specified name and threadid.
Replaces all occurrences of a with b in a string c.
The final button should only be visible if the current page is not the same as the previous
Test the PDU for a test case.
Removes all the constraints and constraints from the list.
Returns true if the passed file can be deleted false otherwise.
The Gmpublishing priority.
Tries to validate the shared version of the given tenant. Returns null if the shared version
Rotates the z - coordinate of the word. The z - coordinate of the word is
Start a servicehost based on the class of the supplied service instance.
wakeout a service. If the queue is full then the service is removed from the pool
Counts the number of columns for a given character.
Set the value to be an optional.
Kafkamessagelistener container.
Removes a key by alias from the list of keys and the certificate. If the alias
Returns the string corresponding to the given group.
Translate a plalineint with a given vector.
Called when a rejected command occurs.
Calculates the margin of the menu.
Adds a ChatElement to the chat session. The ChatElement will be added to the
Creates a list of integer objects from a list of integer objects.
The contents of _str are copied to _str. The contents of _str are copied
Returns the generatedalt.
Add a projectorlistener.
Return the next tuple expr with the specified cardinality and set of variables.
Writes the specified string to the specified outputstream.
Adds a message to the list of messages.
Start the executor for the given container.
Convert a string to a date using the given date format.
Accepts all browserinfo entries in the log.
Attempts to load the latest version of the extension. If the extension has already been loaded
Starts the specified node.
Clears the bitnegative from the given string. The result is not changed.
Compares two numbers.
Reads a char from the stream.
Cancels the text before and after the specified one.
Returns a list of options.
Set the proxy hostname.
Verify to see if this class has a set of methods. If so throw an exception.
Removes the element at the tail of this queue and returns its first element.
Create a random string of a certain length.
Removes all unused points from this set.
Generates a new entity with the specified mac address and switchdpid and switchport.
Returns a new double array containing all of the data at the specified index.
Show the version dialog.
Counts the number of times the specified character appears in the specified string.
Adds a color to an imageicon.
Reads all bytes from the specified inputstream and returns them as a byte array.
Searches the target string for the specified string starting at the specified index.
Check if the rebalanceorder of the cfgs is greater than the current rebalanceorder
Starts a new thread.
Overrides the default implementation to remove an env var.
Calculate the calcthreshold of the string.
Return the current scope of the stack.
Asserts that the current rsmd is not issigned.
Returns the index of the last separator in a filename.
Returns true if the supplied point is inside the supplied view ; false otherwise.
Unroll bounds.
Delete a quota with the given id.
Creates a basic auth header map from the username password and the base64 encoded credentials.
Adds a new widget to the Extent model and sets the enabled property to true.
Check the contents of the specified network to see if it is in the cache. If it
Reads an XML file into a Java object.
Returns whether or not this group is all granted.
Execute the runnable.
Sends the next message over the network.
Add a field to the object s attributes.
Returns true if the specified session token is associated with the current session.
Calculates the root - mean - Squared of the real real and predicted values.
Export the table to a buffer.
Method to create the account detailmap for the given glcode big floating point and credit amount
Recompute the root node of a rotateright tree.
Updates the LVL LVL LVL LVL LVL
Updates the statistics with the specified value.
Draws a series of points along a axis.
Checks a class signature.
Selects items from a Fidesmo App with a suffix.
Adds an entry at the root of the project.
Create a source from a url.
The method parses the webxml and merges the contents of it with the original webxml.
Extract the re - terms.
Use this to set up the finalizeon exit flag.
Add a new result.
Register a batch fix.
Adds a file entry to the zip.
Asserts that the address has attributes 1.
Set up the document transformer and start the document.
Dumps the contents of this string to an outputstream.
Registers an observer to be notified when the document changes.
Sends the current heartbeat local to the registered bartender.
Serializes the specified string to the specified outputstream.
Inits the ssl engine.
Set the source for randomaccesssource.
Set programname arg parser
Sets the bit to zero.
Loads a model into a file and writes it to a file.
Sorts the set of mspans and removes them from the collections.
SplitRandomly splits the specified tpro into the specified number of bonds.
Returns the given path with the given prefix removed.
Publishes the message.
Removes the child from this node.
Concatenate two streams
Checks if two strings are equal.
Forceauth for login configuration.
Fetches the userconfig.
Stops theMonitor.
Sends an async message to the server.
Writes a characteristic to the registry at the given address.
Converts a protoelement to a link form.
Read the contents of a filenotfoundexception using the given transformer.
Removes an element from the set.
Send a binary stream to the server.
SortBrokeritems by type.
Tells whether or not the specified host entity should be included in theescapexml
Update the path condition for a specific test.
Writes an index of this file to a file. The index is stored in a file
Return true if the given classloader is a griddeploymentinfo classloader
Removes from the end of the subject the number of times specified.
Returns true if there is a next available inputstream. If there is no available inputstream
Converts a bitmap to a byte array.
Inflate a string with the default prefix.
Adds a warning handler for the current thread.
Prints a string to the output stream.
Writes an attribute to the current file.
Convert attributes of a numericoid to a syntaxdesc.
Write the contents of the buffer to the stream.
Skip a member value.
Recurses all rows of a given lookupevent into a collection of eventbean
Generate the minimal matsim config string.
Gets the next request from the queue.
Convert the location to a location.
Returns a list of files matching the supplied filter from the specified directory.
Returns a string buffer with the contents of the specified table.
Registers child listeners.
Checks to see if this vector is the iss widget or not.
Returns a new list containing all of the instructions that are currently being processed.
Returns true if the node is lockedlocally with the specified owner.
Attempt to move the current line to the given deltay.
Compares to the other.
Delete a line from the selected text.
CDF static version
Returns a dataset based on the contents of the given file but with a single value for the
Generate a generatenative guid for the given source instancesystemname and portnetworkid
Returns true if all of the values in the given row are non - zero.
Reads a string and sets its length to the same length.
Adds a field to the query.
Returns the current date in the given format as a string.
Inits the parameter s stream buffers.
Adds a register to the sensor array.
Returns the value as a number. If the value is null the default value provider is used
Samples the current value.
Applies the given replacement to the contents.
Creates a new keyimpl with the given principal password and algorithm.
Returns the string representation of this relation.
Process a list of packages and generate a list of VM files.
Check if the key has a value of the given direction and if not return false.
Parse the path.
Records a variable to the specified typed string.
Read the content of the panbox file.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid media type.
Export the dependencies of the given jcas.
Fixes a signature for ESC00.
Returns true if the network is connected false otherwise.
Generates a randomable string with the default language.
Add the partitionkeygroupentity to the list of expectedpartitionvalue entities.
Return a string representation of this node.
Registers a runnable to be executed in lowmemorywatcher thread.
Writes the current message to the specified data output.
Extract the softreference from the passed in object. Returns null if the passed in object is
Formats a long as a string.
Uninitialize a component.
Copy a single page to another page.
Writes a byte array to the current position.
Asserts that the backupstatus object is a valid backup status.
Generate a metadataerror page for the given locale and tenant.
Check a list of required states. Throws a illegal stateexception if one of the states
Sort the list of Movie IDs in ascending order.
Set the regular expression to match against against against against against against against against against the keyval
Polls the statistics of a queue.
Make a file accepted by this filter.
Returns true if an edge of the two vertices is intersecting with the provided cell.
Update the text values of the lat lon and alt view according to the provided camera.
Returns the jstypename of the given typeref.
Creates a new state definition.
Removes all listeners from this object.
Read an object from an inputstream.
Returns the shape of a triangle on the right side.
Returns the terminal with the specified name.
Creates a new layoutblock with the specified username and the specified system name.
Sets the jpedal parameters.
Replaces all matches of the given regular expression with the given string.
Returns a char buffer that contains the contents of the specified string.
Updates the mpromovisibility of the current node based on the specified percentage.
Sets the geometry and hashcode of the given bytes.
flush the heapins intervalmanager and create a new Hashmap for every one.
Checks if a file with the given name and version exists.
Finalizes and adds a statement to the result set for the current entity uri.
Show a dialog with the specified options.
Lazily initialize the static fields.
Calls the method.
Calculates and sets the basel context for the given size based on the origin and
read an int value from a jsonarray
This method is used to add a new property listener to the dataset.
Unregisters a preference from this fragment.
Validates the data key and version of the storage object.
Returns a string buffer with the contents of the current string and numbermerges separated by a
Returns an array with the contents of the specified collection of objects in the specified component type.
formatviolations for a given formatter and a list of problem files.
Computes theLabeldistances of a graph given a graph and a root.
Returns the current position in the line.
Adds a frequency to the list.
Parse a single header element.
Returns a list of intervals from the specified interval and the specified timegrain.
Returns true if this is a verb.
Report an error with the specified message and exception.
Creates a new jsonobject and returns it.
Do not call this method directly. It will throw an exception if the element is not in
Download all the files from tmptlogdir to the local file list with the latest generation
read attributes of a windowsfile
Adds all the participants from the specified collection to the password table.
Creates a jPanel with the specified boxlabel buttons checked and action listener.
Assigns the probabilities of each numbervector to the values of the each cluster.
Returns the value as a string ; or null if the value is null.
Sets the kernel at the specified offset with the specified double array.
Inits the worklist.
Get the adapter for the importednames adapter.
Adds a file to the file list.
Called when a treetreetreetreetree event is received.
Returns true if the given object is in the source list false otherwise.
Returns true if the two version numbers are equal.
Callback which gets called when a URL connection is failed.
Add all elements of a schema complex type to the element factory.
Push an annotatorsref onto the top of the stack.
Returns the version component s property.
Wraps an entry in an index query. If the current commandsequence is smaller than
Expungestale entries from the table.
Returns the rest of the given list.
Creates a list of integers from the specified startends.
Close all windows.
Find and create the mapbean for someobj.
Recalculates the timestamp of the task with the specified priority from the production run.
Adds a document type to the document type list.
Returns whether or not a table exists with the given metadata.
Asserts that the element has attributes 1.
Returns the position of the next token in the spec array.
Updates the status of the task queue.
Returns an array with the indices of the indices of the first indices of the second indices of
Checks ifdirectories exist.
Adds the specified port to the already allocated context.
Returns the string from the input stream. If the string is null then the input stream is
Writes a list of long values to a dataoutput
Returns true if the given object is defined in the table otherwise false.
Creates and shows a stage that can be displayed when the primary stage is undecorated.
Clears the queue.
Returns the value associated with the given key or null if there is no such key.
Compares the contents of a file with a full block.
Take the text of the first child element. If the element does not exist create it.
Converts a string to an array of bytes and returns the number of bytes in the array
reply a message with the filename from the request
Add headers to the request.
Add a listener for longselection.
Prints a newline.
Returns the string representation of this hash map.
Sets the clientid and comms for debug purposes.
Attempts to alter the case of the given string.
Returns whether or not the operation is ack required.
Get a string representation of this array.
Adds a reportericon at the specified location.
Draws the selected mirror.
Set the message and cause.
Returns true if the initiator has connectivity to allsystems attached to the exportgroup.
Constructs the derivation of the specified input.
Increments the precision of the string by the given number and adds the result to the
The result of this call will be equal to the result of the radix of the call.
Convert a commontree to an i abstractnode.
Displays a panel in a panel.
Starts a JSON reader.
Compresses the string.
Adds a custom tokenizer factory to the builder.
Computes the averageazimuthlabel offset for the given radius and maxradius.
Adds the specified resource to the specified list.
Display changed configuration.
Extract methods from a class.
This method is used to update the server address of the specified application.
Removes the itemposition from the list.
Gets a chooser of random string.
Returns true if the protecting destination is the same as protecting.
Sort all storage pool metrics
Adds a collection of overlays to the group.
Acquire a resource from a path.
Checks if isolderthanleopard is the current version of the JVM.
Get the list of options.
Escapes a string with XML escaping.
Feeds a vector through the network
Return the file object with the given name from the given directory.
The only difference between solrc client and cloud client is that at least one instance of sol
Get a list of all elements matching the xpath expression.
Create a clcontext from the current platform.
Remove all entries from the tree.
This method is used to queue a playercapere priority queue to the player player player player
This method is used to remove a vetoable referential listener from the vetoable
Update the status message for a new stream.
Parses command line arguments and sets the command if it exists.
Edit a bookmark.
Convert from utf - 32 to string.
Create the bounds.
Records a set of counters for a pattern.
Find a method with a list of parameters.
Returns the index of the first illegal character in a string.
Decodes the contents of the buffer and returns the result. If the end of input is
Checks to see if there are any delayedtrains that are currently active. If so
Adds a new creatureresp whitepoint.
Load the org access list.
Test bytesassource.
Append a certificate to the certificate stream.
Converts an object to a string.
Returns a list of period with the number of occurrences of the specified datetime unit minus the number
Returns the counter with the given key creating a new one if it doesn t exist.
Adds a new content value to a uri.
Deterine the document and its child elements.
Throws an illegal argument exception if mode is not the same as mode.
Expungestale entries are removed from the list.
Start a workitem.
Fire a propertyvetoablechange event.
Overrides the onfullbackup method to add a new file to the mvolumes list
Removes a connection from the tabbed list.
Paint the origingeo point and dest point using the specified graphics context and mapbean them
Replace unix - separators with windows - separators.
Append a string to the current position with the given backoff. The resulting string will not be
Optimizes the trie by removing all rows with the same key.
Return afterlistener as a handler.
Attempts to shutdown the server.
Add a new storageentity with the specified attributes.
Display the specified string as infoline holder.
Writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments.
Asserts that the string is the signer string of the identityscope object. Throws an
Create a method object from a class.
Appends a regex pattern to the string.
Removes the loop begin nodes from the structured graph and sets the disablesafepoint
Called by the databoundview holder to bind the object at the specified position.
Returns a new bigstring with the same contents but the same contents but a different sign.
Adds a new entry to the statistics.
Returns the number of days before num days.
Returns the maximum capacity of the cache.
Writes a external object to the output stream.
Put an object into the heap.
Override paint to paint the grid.
Adds a label and a field to the given panel.
Ontrackpointstart method.
Combines a list of byte arrays into a single one.
commit a set of resources.
Returns true if the gridname tier and maxtier depth exist in the current system and
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this sessionid.
Returns true if the specified playerident is the same as the specified compareto string.
Adds a lenient attribute to the attribute list.
Returns a new string with the number of instances of this instance plus the last instance of the
Returns true if the value is always null.
Removes the item at the specified position from the specified list.
Sets the amPrimarymastheadviewbean.
Returns true if this node is either reacted or not.
Initialize a new layer with the specified number of nodes and their neighbourhoods.
Returns the angle in radians of a coordinate p.
Notifies all registered listeners that a nearest neighbour was moved.
Create a certificate from a byte array.
Called when the specified selection is changed.
Parses this string into a termsack parser.
Returns the formatted string.
Add a server string to the builder.
Retrieve the number of rows matching the query template.
Derive a derived derived derived value from the basecount.
Add a string to the parameter list.
Reads data from the specified inputstream and sets the data to the specified type.
Return the type of the specified value using the specified pattern and locale.
Add a new line to the buffer. If the buffer is full the new line will be
Reads the data from a datainput stream.
Reads data into the buffer.
Inflates the specified byte array.
Returns an array containing all the items from the take.
Draws the legends.
Retrieve the metadata for a specified table.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Reads len bytes from the buffer starting at the given offset.
Flushes all records in the log.
Returns a subset of pages.
Test the position - first longer.
Generates all computeresourcetoinitiators for a given step.
Returns true if this is less than the specified percent false otherwise.
Returns the uri for the object with the specified key.
Reads a short from the file.
Returns a list of inavip configurations for the specified project.
Converts a string to a syllabify.
Removes a frontier from the graph.
Returns true if the given path looks like a file.
Return true if object is the same as this object.
Set the absolute path to the zookeeper file at the given port.
Sets the variable value and relation.
Read stopwordswords from a file.
Returns the string representation of the revision.
Set the broken state and signal all parties.
Returns a new list that contains all points within the specified tolerance. If no points are in
Send alogevent message to the specified component.
Writes the stack trace of a throwable to a stream.
Builds a distributedlog multistreamwriter.
Liefert die Klasse string zurueck ausgegeben
Attempts to load an image element for the format item.
Registers a list of threadregisters.
Sets configuration parameters.
Indicate if this checkbox is isselected.
Adds an array to the end of the array at the specified index.
Returns the score of the core for the specified player indices.
Removes the scanning callback if it exists.
Paints a jcomponent.
Samples the current release count.
Returns true if the specified row is a page break.
Shuts down the executor service pool and returns the pool.
Returns true if the specified character is an identifierpart.
Calculates the location of a point using the Fracplaces algorithm.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified substring in the specified string or - 1
Get the list of options.
Returns a string containing all of the specified indices.
Truncate a string to a specified length.
Clears all pending transactions from the table.
Execute a file with the given arguments.
Calculate the cleandirtyregion of the specified point.
Sorts the fields based on the string array.
Returns true if the connection is in wassuful mode false otherwise.
Start the location service.
Delete the specified resourcetype and dsname from the cluster home.
Start busement with the specified busement object.
Removes the most recently used file from the list of lastusagedates and returns the
Create the tabbed pane.
Generates a random float between lowerlimit and upperlimit.
Creates the SgenitemProvider adapter.
Adds a new tracer to the current tracer list.
Grows the array list by a given amount.
Set the maximum of this number field to the specified value.
The eventson version is equal to 1. 4. The eventson version is equal to
Constructs a new graph.
Returns the last part of the string after apiversion if apiversion is non - null.
Use this method to get the current status of the current item. If the current status is
The incoming object is a hug single interval. The number of times this object was incoming
Converts a file to a string using the specified encoding.
Sets the model as the current model of the B B B B B B B B B
Called by savedatodisk.
Writes an xml valued element.
Tells whether or not a given key should be preloaded.
Generates a random token.
Performs the rules for the basicblock at the specified index.
Run the retryabletask task for the current thread. If the current thread is interrupted
Returns the array value of this array or an empty array if this array is a collection.
Removes a interrupt request from the queue.
Called when the map is failed.
Inflates the drawable specified by the resource id.
Returns the offset to the object field of the specified object field.
Adds an annotation to the string.
Writes a byte array to the file at the given offset.
Encodes the given iv with the given key and returns the result as a byte array.
Converts a timestamp to a long.
Set up this package with the list of generictracks.
Finds an edge which matches the given coordinate p0 and p1.
Acquire the probabilities for the specified string.
Resolves a health issue.
Decode a string with no options.
Returns true if the document can be loaded. If no document can be loaded the try is
Add a value to the current valueset.
Returns true if the specified entity is unparsed.
Flush the stream.
URL encodes a string.
Overrides the parent class to process a focusevent.
Add a property to the request.
Executes the specified task.
Serializes a value to a buffer.
Load the submissions.
Returns the value of the given bit in the given string.
Advances to the next record in the buffer.
Compose component a - b.
Writes all data from the buffer to the outputstream.
Removetreemodellisteners a given treemodellisten
Return the specified string as a uri. If the specified string is already a uri the original
Adds a view to the projectedstream.
Reads a record from the input stream.
Release any resources held by this object and remove it from the candidate list.
Returns a hash code for the specified object.
Adds a parset pattern to the list.
Attaches a bitmap to the device s thumbnail. If the device has already been attached to
Returns the minimum between the two values.
Remove the given mbeanserver from this object.
Attempts to match a string with a given pattern and return the result.
Returns a sourceform for the given annotationvalue.
Returns a new byte - buffer with the specified capacity.
Adds a new entry to the factory s data.
Validate the given collection attribute.
Set the contents of a string nonulling the current position.
Adds an external entity definition to an xml resource.
Set the alpha value.
Create a class descriptor from a field signature.
Checks theExisteticketresponse.
Schedules a task for execution.
Draws a filledellipse on the screen.
Swaps the current cursor with a new cursor.
Increments the flushing lock.
Returns true if the class canber wrapper or string class canber wrapper or idiscord
Generates a generatenative serial number from the given devicetype and serial number
Create a secretkey from a string.
Create a rectangle with the specified source and target location.
Sort the children of a parent node.
Returns the number of uniform random numbers between 0 and lambda ; or - 1 if lambda is
Returns true if the specified string is a valid sound identifier.
Returns an iterator of the iterateserializers for this string representation.
Returns the key if the key is valid. If the key is invalid an IllegalArgumentException is
Returns whether or not this node is likely to be empty.
Initialize the abstract class.
Draw the marc rectangle to the canvas.
Formats a date according to the specified format and locale.
Decodes a byte array.
Set the algorithm to use.
Sorts the specified array of integers using mergesort.
Copy the current accesscontrol level list to the new accesscontrol level list.
Put the content length of this string into the buffer.
Add the response to the avsqueue.
Requests the specified stream from the followeders.
Returns true if the view was removed ; false otherwise.
Returns the next token.
Fills the region with the contents of the given string. The contents of the string are
Serializes the class using the provided serializer.
Rollback the current transaction and remove it from the filecontentstore.
Parse the string representation of a geometry.
Non - blocking call to send data from aionserver thread.
Returns the index of the specified object in the array or - 1 if the object is not
Returns true if the context can execute the command false otherwise.
Computes and sets the imgfile destination.
Overridden to only update the one event if the event type is updated or created.
Called when the user click on a point.
Update the tabids with the specified priority.
This method walks the graph and creates a new key - value mapping from the current key
Show the selected item.
Write external information to the output stream.
Adds an input node to the inputnodes map.
Initialize the driver with the given configuration.
Registers an object read into the shared objectread list.
Adds an extension header to the header map.
Merges the values of this frame with the values of the given frame.
Runs key tool on the specified string.
The main method of this method is to perform the smoothsniff on the specified section.
Update property to value 2.
Unassign the service list to the current string.
Expands a cluster of t to contain a list of points which are not part of a
Returns the address of the elements of the float array.
Create a new thread to handle all the transfer buffer pool and fill it with data from the
Output the fulllines of the string to the output stream.
This method is used to add a new payment to the system.
This method is used to register all unregistered extensions.
Removes all the texts.
Adds the given string as a key to the builder as a deletedis playname.
Create a new type from an AST and a variable declaration.
Delete the file and its contents.
Wait for the cache to be cleared for the specified number of seconds.
Add a Lifecyclelistener to the Lifecyclelisteners list
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given string in the relative paths list.
Return false if force is false.
Returns the number of points on a generalpath where the type of points on the generalpath
Checks to see if the autoscalerpolicy trigger is within the specified time range.
Converts a byte array to a byte array.
Generates a time zone string for the specified string.
Writes a block of code with the given signature to the given outputstream.
Builds a select query from the base table.
Shows an animation.
Returns true if the given string is a uri key.
Receive a number of bytes from the socket.
Adds a ofchannelhandler to this channel and sends the role associated with it.
Sends a byte array to the connection.
Returns a copy of the specified collection.
Convert a http entity to a byte array.
Adds a single argument to the command line.
Set the namespace for an inline URI handler.
Calculates the variance variance of a given point p and a list of krig
Reads an object from a string.
Returns true if the specified string is a Matches for the specified Segments.
Generates a new cipher parameters array.
addemojicongroup to the list of groupEntities
Update the status message and log the current time.
Returns true if the path should be included.
Generate a number of units with the given filter.
Convenient utility method to concatenate two automata instances.
Called when the contents of a list data event are changed.
Create from hvalues.
The method to read an object from the inputstream. The object is read from the local
Fails if the ip address is not the same as the ip address i. e.
Converts a userinput string into a fully qualified path.
Converts an integer to a square number.
Reads a byte from the stream.
Generate a salt and info with the specified salt and length using the supplied Hkdf algorithm
Checks to see if an emote is ignored.
Returns whether or not the property with the given name is allowed.
Reads all xml elements from a file. If the file does not exist a warning is
Fails if the string is the same as the one passed as the argument.
Accepts a file descriptor.
Transcode a file using the default transcoder.
Report progress for the specified inner state.
Returns a new document object.
Set the grainsamples of a given sascore.
This method is used to add a new requestinvocationevent to the back - end.
Draw a datapoint with the specified size.
create a new set with the same size as the current set but with the same number of
Returns an array with the attributes of the selected columns and the number of non - removed columns
Find a field with the given name in an object instance.
Create a sslsession from a byte array.
Adds a dumpfile to the current dumpfile list.
Appends a date - by - name to a date - by - name builder.
Returns a boolean indicating whether this sequence is a pageinrange.
Release resources held by this object.
Convert a collection of dimensionalitemobject to a dimensionalitemobject list.
A convenience method to add aliases to a xcontent builder.
Adds a new table to the catalog.
Remove a configuration listener.
This method is used to reclaim all views from the list.
Do not call this method directly. It s only public so that it can be used by
Schedules the specified task for execution on the specified classloader.
Generate a 2 - byte hash code for an object.
Converts a vector string to a double array.
Get the global info string.
Returns a stream that has the same contents as the a and b as the b stream.
Iterates over the elements of the iterator and finds the next element of the iterator.
Decodexml a document propertiesinterface.
Advances the iterator to the next token.
Adjusts the row heights for the components in the given table.
Get a list of uri s
Parse a string and return an array of format strings.
Update the status of the index column button depending on the number of columns in the table.
Returns the URL forpoisearch of the specified bounding box.
Wait for the thread to finish.
Returns the content of a string with the number of times the string was passed in. The
Processes the specified byte array and returns the result. If the input is null then the
Create a visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible
Execute an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE query.
Returns true if this thread is a lock subject.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Adds an action to the quickactionview.
Displays the contents of the specified file. If the file does not exist it will be
Store the location of the device in the default shared preferences.
Selects the best point for this operation or the best one if the operation is not supported
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Returns the rowtostring of a JSON array.
Removes a database entry.
Returns true if this set contains the specified category false otherwise.
Checks to see if the volume is a full copysource.
Asserts that the contents of the expected object are equal to the contents of the actual object
entitymaintConstraintcheck - gets the detail message - if the userlogin is available in
Fails if the quorum is succeed.
Request permission requested after the specified permissions.
Wake up a thread for a given time.
Prints a string followed by a newline.
Reads a range of characters from the stream.
Read an int from the stream.
Make a call to a non - virtual method.
Returns true if the message contains the given string false otherwise.
Ensures that the given file is a directory in the root folder.
Asserts that the string in the given double array is equal to the string in the current
Returns true if the class is a registered class.
Load the class with the given name.
Waits for this node to become available.
Returns true if the given geometry is all test componentsintecter s target point.
create a new object
Set the endpoint URL with the specified security modes.
Returns the value of the token or null if it is not a valid token.
Set the default timezone for timeseries.
Returns a list of the given elements.
Allocates a new array with the specified size.
Adds a float attribute to the current attribute list.
Makes a request to createDirectory for the specified application and path variables.
Fill an array of ellipses with the given color and angle. The order of the
Overridden in order to override the zoomdomain itself.
Refreshes the mduech exact same as the current mduech exact same as the
Set the dim - th flags.
Create a imagedata object from a buffered image.
Returns whether or not the key length of the string isun datapolicyavailable.
Returns the rsslim field of this record.
Add additional columns to the layout
Fills a string buffer with a list of elements.
Returns true if the writer with the given ID is at least as many of the writer s
Sets the status to non - active.
Returns a random double.
Retrieve the Dshostname Dshostname Dshostname Dshostname
Compares to expect + _num.
Add items to the list.
Returns true if the given string is Windows - compatible.
Process a character.
Adds a child element with the given name and value to the element. If the element
Returns true if all the macctschema elements in the current line are outside of each other
Return attributes of this line as an attributes object.
Reads the contents of a file into a byte array.
Fails ifstreamapi is enabled.
Adds a condition to this split condition.
This method is used to threshold the memory outputstream of a process to a new file.
Removes the interval at the specified positions.
Rebuild the list of active events.
Return a diskstore factory implementation for the created diskstore.
Returns true if the given directory is deleted.
Put the specified number of bytes into the buffer at the specified offset.
Marks a rop reg + category as reserved
Register default resourceres solver.
Process the status code of the given HTTP method.
Releases the entry so that it is no longer available.
Returns the current pipeline.
Initialize the acceptable methods.
Puts an order into the activeorders list.
Puts the data from the buffer into the buffer. If the buffer is already in the
Writes an array of strings to an XML string.
Unify the username from the devnamemap.
Set the connection table and buffered flag.
Store the current stack entry for the given throwable and add it to the stack.
get the value of the secure timestamp generator class property.
Reads the contents of a URL into a byte array.
Returns true if the current time is valid for the specified time.
Creates a random network and returns it.
Converts a number to tokiloby manner.
Create a intent for the class with the specified name. If the class does not exist or
Returns true if this method is a static method.
Asserts that the current string is equal to the supplied string. If the current string is
Unify the separators of a string.
Decrypt a password - protected key.
Adds the platform configs for the specified platform.
Fills the view with the selected items.
Find a field with a given name in an object instance.
Calculates the breakposition of a tokenlist for the specified x0 position.
Converts this instance to a simplex instance. The returned instance will be unaffected
Writes the contents of the given string to the destination file.
Returns true if the specified charsequence contains the specified character.
Returns boolean value of specified setting or the default value if the setting is not set.
Remove an event from the list.
Returns the service of the matching template.
Generate a unique key.
Returns an array containing all the elements in this vector.
Deletes the specified path.
Initialize the pattern.
Add a new line to the printwriter file.
Moves the current attachment points to the new location.
Remove all the elements at the specified offset from this list.
Formats the given double value to the given string.
Truncate a string to the specified length.
Returns a sorted subset of the elements in the specified string.
Checks to see if a legion is in the stranding system.
Adds a string to the index of the specified field of the tuple.
Iterates from this float value down to the specified number and checks if the number is greater
Parses the attributes of the given element.
Reads the entire contents of the stream into a buffer.
Inserts a new vertex with the specified origin and embedder into the supplied list.
returns the inputstream from a string
Adds a new item to the list.
Copies the origacllist into the shareacllist list. The orig
Parses a successful resourcelist parser.
Adds a string to be deleted.
Indicate that the qualifying properties of the document dom should be included in the signature.
Creates a channel and adds it to the list of channels.
Returns the mean of the elements in the given array.
Returns the depth of the pointer
Performs DOMRM test on the properties and returns the result.
Imports the selected file.
Fetches the file cosidlist.
Adds a task to the queue and starts the monitor.
Inserts a node into the tree at the specified index.
Returns the samplemax of the distribution.
Writes a list of strings to a file
Verify if the specified chunk is compatible with the signature of the file at the specified index.
Returns the corresponding Mimetypefrom extension for the given string or null if the
Registers the given methodbinder as an annotated method Binder.
Parses the routefile and returns the resulting document.
Remove a dteddirectoryhandler from the context.
Adds a file to the bundle.
Reads the next error in the stream.
Splits a vector of variablebinds from the original vector of variablebinds.
Write the urbansimparameter configuration to the output file.
Reset the dialog to its original state.
Adds a task to the queue of tasks to be executed after the transaction is closed.
Replace all occurrences of the given regular expression with the given string.
Calls the migration method for all entities.
Add a string to the map. If the old string is different from the new string the
The child thread is set to start a new child thread.
Draws a list of x labels to the canvas.
Returns a string with the Base64 - encoded representation of the given byte array. If the
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Returns a new elsaserializerpo time entry.
Load the contents of a file and a datainputstream. If the inputstream is a
Returns true if the classnode type is a long or double.
Adds all specified sections to the collection.
Removes and returns the next character from the string.
Process a logout request.
Returns true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Accepts a file.
Add a list of options.
Returns the current activity if available. Otherwise throws an illegal state exception.
Start the timer.
Checks to see if the URL is alandingpage.
Convenience method to count the number of times a string appears in a table.
Send a string.
Initializes the manager.
Returns the field with the given id or null if the field is not found.
Returns a string representation of this object.
Gets the path.
Generates a signature for the given request and writes it to the outputstream.
Return true if the next itemis matches the supplied string.
Deserializes an object from a byte array using the specified classloader.
Set the serial number and the start interval and the coveragefactor.
Returns true if the string key exists in a map. If the key does not exist it
Override this method to modify the representation of a cartitem.
Bind a stream to the specified output stream.
Initialize the mapview with the information from the image and width and height of the map.
Computes the sampleskew of a given size using moment3 and sample data.
Extracts a span from a set of spans.
Called when the system finished executing the operator.
Returns true if this object has a delay.
Push the value of a attribute on the stack. If the value is the same as the
Closes the context manager with a positive close threshold.
inputstream reader.
Returns the number of messages to be delivered to the specified consumer for the specified message.
Decode a message.
Voted reclassify an example.
Returns a new hash code for this object.
Return a clone of this iterator.
This is a hack to support the gRPC v2. 0 version of gRPC.
Returns true if the key to add is the key to keytoadd in the keychain
Adds data to the script builder.
Set the angle of rotation of the planes.
Method to write the user registry to xml config file.
Returns the string value of the given double value.
Decodehanzisegment.
generate a record with name address and class
Get the current threadcputime and set it to the current threadcputime.
Look up a string in the table.
Adds a new condition.
Reads a byte array from abyteb token.
Find the classname of the current package and the package name.
Logs a message and a throwable.
Fetches a list of uris.
Reads the data from a file.
Returns the cardinality of the set.
Deescapel literal.
Generate a uri from a http cookie.
Sends an INFO log message.
Adds a non - null value to a list.
Set the title for the document type.
Print a long field.
Replace a string with another string.
Remove a listener from the list.
Start the thread and wait for configuration messages.
Clamp the specified value to the specified minimum and maximum.
Read an object from the object inputstream.
Returns the predblock index for the given source index.
Create a new lockable file and append it to the specified file.
Appends a string representation of this object to the specified writer.
Decode a string with the default options.
Attempts to retrieve a URL from the given location. If the location does not exist or
Parses a string value.
Touppercase a string.
Updates the internal data structures.
Generates a class for the specified string.
Create a new versiontag holder for the given entry event.
Returns the next regular expression that matches the specified pattern.
Removes a node from the cluster.
Return the contents of this object as a string.
Execute the handshakere request.
Calculates the minimum.
Emit a task to the output stream.
Computes the x - level rotation of the given theta.
Sets the status of the object when it is completed. The status will be completed only if
Fills the center of a rect by a given scale.
Returns a charhandler for the given string array. The array must be the same length as
Returns the height of the text to be displayed.
Returns true if the given id is null or blank.
Update the downloadin forunified.
Calculate the valuerangelimit of a string.
Add a version string to the title.
Returns true if the networkinfo is connected to the specified nettype
Removes the item at the specified position.
Returns the position of the source channel after the destination channel with the specified distance and offset.
Adds a startuSubscriptionener to the list.
Convenience method to close aquiet channel.
Start the task.
Create a key.
Checks that the specified string desc is a valid description and throws an exception if it is
Creates a jsoutput object for the specified module.
Returns the text content of this node.
Adds a line to the code.
Set the current string value using a string buffer.
Returns the number of elements in the set.
Execute a command asynchronously.
libertym'" + libertym'" +
Check compliances attributes.
Update the z contents of the mask based on the unmanaged export mask.
Waits for an invitation to respond.
Extracts a single - dimensional array of x with the specified number of iterations.
Returns the number of components in this group.
Rounds the string to the nearest whole number of digits.
Removes all words with less than or equal to the specified frequency.
Return the keyselector of the given type.
Generate the tagmap with the given number of partitions sorted by key.
Takes a shape and a flattening value and returns the path as a double array.
Returns the shortenclass name of the given character.
Adds a new graphic to the pool.
Returns a string buffer containing the contents of this parameter list.
Flips a single component from a buffer to another component.
Adds a property to this entity.
Initialise a googleanaly - level resource. This method should NOT be called directly by
Called when the data has been removed from the system.
Read serviceid from datainput.
Adds an element type element type attribute set to the current element attributes. The element type
Adds a finally block to the bytecode.
get the next meta
Write a collection of JSON strings to a JSON string writer.
Returns a copy of the readcolortable array.
This method is called when the file has been modified. If the file has already been modified
Adds a new private key to a keystore with the specified alias and password.
Returns true if the given file needs reload.
Returns a request source for the given repository definition.
Disables or disables the frame and does nothing if it was already enabled.
Returns true if the specified string is the same as this string.
Write a string to the log.
Adds a nodeport tuple to the quarantinequeue.
Create a sorted list of column sortinfo objects from a given array of dictionary sort models.
Add a feature to the feature list at the specified index.
Sets the bit string of this string to the specified value.
Sorts the individual list according to the given comparator.
Writes the current state of the object to the specified writer.
Use the default executor.
Returns true if the specified method matches the specified method name.
This method is used to reset the status of an exception.
Returns the union of strings in the given arrays. The given arrays must be non - null
Check if the current xpropertyevent is state change in the xa version of the give window
Execute a xobject expression on the current node.
Returns a list of the top n values.
Takes a class signature and returns the number of times the class was found.
Set all tags and metric values for a timeseries metric.
Returns the number of nodes in the graph.
Get the next element in the vector.
Escapes a bytestring.
Repeats the input of the builder at the specified number of times.
Rename the class.
Called when a button3request is pressed.
Set the detail message and cause.
Returns the Euclidean distance.
This method is called when the task is done and the number of failed tests has passed.
Gets the challenge data.
Converts the sslsession to a byte array.
Mersennetwister s hash code.
Verifies the timestamp of the certificate.
Encrypt a password.
Returns the number of rows in the table.
Converts a byte array to hex string.
Writes a checked message to a byte array.
Convenient method to retrieve the inverse transform of the image with the specified limit.
Installs a sound identifier.
Count the number of times a string appears in the table.
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified name in the specified table or - 1
Score track results for the specified searchquery and add them to the specified output collection.
Returns the current time in seconds.
Returns a byte array representation of the given latitude and longitude.
Puts a long volatile value into an object s buffer at the specified offset.
Executes a list of strings.
Draws a circle.
Prints a double followed by a newline.
Writes a 32 - bit integer to the output stream.
Appends the mapping of the specified sequence to the specified string builder.
Adds a listener to the button interface.
Release resources held by this object.
Add an xml attribute to the attributes object at the specified index.
add a property consumer to this component
Copy a number of bytes from a string to an outputstream.
Deserialize the header data.
Deterine the element data of this node.
Returns true if there are no permission requested.
Fetch charset from cache.
Paints a layer in the given graphics context.
Adds a controlroll element.
Implements version 1. 4 and in 1. 4 and in 1. 4 and in
Recalculate the derived color.
Returns a string representation of the specified oid.
Begin the idle count.
Adds a span to the cache.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Repaints all child components of this panel.
Validate the specified string against the specified dnsname. If the specified string is not the same
Reads a comment from the given string at the specified index.
Returns the index of the next character in the specified string builder.
Attempts to guess the content type of an url.
Extract the number of lines to the csvout of the specified csvout string.
Connects to the database.
Check for docache header validation
Returns the ivr zoneset for this networkdevicecontexception.
Wraps all elements of the given string in an immutable array otherwise returns an empty array
Adds all the igroupmember nodes to the list of nodes to be removed from the
Returns a string containing the contents of an accountable string.
Returns a new hash code for this type with the same contents of the other type.
Delete an entity with the specified type category from the server.
Reads a list of strings from the specified reader.
Add the specified cachectx to the current context.
Checks to see if the annotated method is an array or not.
Returns a negative integer zero or a positive integer as this is less than equal to or greater
Returns true if the dependency list is modified false otherwise.
Creates a new imagereplacedelement with the specified width and height.
Returns true if the specified version is greater than or equal to the specified version.
Creates a new datasource based on the properties object.
Finds object in the locations hashset and returns it. If object does not exist in
scroll to the top of the current item
Adds a metaobject to this manager.
Removes a word from the set.
Returns a new big integer with the same sign but the same number of times as the original
Adds an item to the menu.
Wait for all threads to finish and invoke all of them.
Add a configuration value package.
Close the input stream.
Create a new volume with the specified name and the specified number of blocks.
Start the coapEndpoint list.
Retain all of the elements of this list with all of the elements of the other list
If cause is a streamioexception it is thrown. If cause is a streamioexception
Clear the result.
Convert a collection of objects to a string.
Calculate a value between a given minimum and a maximum.
Replace the contents of a string buffer with the contents of an array of strings.
Returns the index of the specified qualifier in the specified array node.
Returns true if the specified frame is a multiple - allowed frame.
Read the configuration from an XML file.
Create a new RPM file and write it to the specified outputfile.
Posts an event to the event queue.
Create a stringAlias for a given keytype and principal.
Process a single Bmp image.
Set the path handler for a given path.
Loads the lines from the file.
Load ignorefile.
Remove an argument from the list and return true if the argument was removed ; false otherwise.
Returns true if the given string looks like a non - numeric type.
pkcs9attribute.
Create a new note and add it to the database.
Verify that all of the messages with the same XIDs are in the list.
Adds a node to the list of next nodes.
Fires a propertychange event on the config dialog.
read a utf - 8 string
add i to l
Clears the state of the grid.
Tests the next token and returns the content as a string.
get the current manager for a component
Return whether or not the given port string is part of the recoverpoint_initiator_
Checks if the specified string is a invalid character.
Sends a message to the output writer.
Overridden to check whether or not the current feature is a name and a exchange type.
Remove a listener that will no longer be notified
Adds a section to the list of sections.
Calculates the partialwrapposition for the specified range.
Adds a vector to this vector.
Write all data from the inputstream to the outputstream.
Adds a addrule to the m rulemap.
This method is called by subclasses when they need to retrieve a specific number from a conversation context
Send a message to all workers.
Convert a string to an array list.
Picks a charset from the property list.
Converts the string toengineeringstring and stores the result in _str.
Clears the set.
Add a new layer to the map.
Read a list of rules from the specified reader.
Walk through all of the strings in the specified object and apply the updates to the managed
Writes a portion of a char array.
Convert a file to episodematchingresult.
Create a typedoperation for an array of the given array type.
Fires a event.
Sets the type of preference.
Expungestale entries into the table.
Returns true if the specified string is a Unicode string.
Returns true if the given string is a char.
Decode and check a rsapro message key.
Returns the time represented by the given calendar object or the time represented by the given calendar object
Returns whether this object is a clientauthentication object.
Create a jPanel with the x_ axis panel and the y - axis panel.
Writes a line and newline to a writer.
Return the child layer at the specified index.
Check permission.
Returns the value of the argument
Remove quotes from a string.
Returns true if the specified namespace is defined in the specified serialization handler.
Obtains a new recordinghandler for the specified element but does not add it to the
Set the content of the db basic container.
Returns the index of the last element of the specified array or - 1 if the element is
Returns a column of the specified size with the specified default value.
Reads a string from the input stream.
Remove a weak key from the queue.
Check Jodatime permissions.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the given matrix is not the same as this matrix.
Imports a change from a sourcechange.
Do a Printwriter for a given document.
Returns a booleanquery that matches the specified string optionally ignoring case.
Set the call chain info.
Start the player.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the given string is null or empty.
Resets the context for the current thread.
Takes an object and converts it to a list of objects.
Logout the user with the specified username.
Create a operation for an existing network interface.
Select the first certificate to be used.
Start a datagram channel with the given inet address port and TTL.
Closes the rrdfile.
Rotateind degree vector.
Converts a URI to a string using the specified character set.
Adds data to the table. If the table already contains a field with the same number
Hides the border.
remove a single b transaction
Adds a point to the set of observations with a given weight.
Adds a tagid to the tagids list. Returns true if the tagids list
Adds the sslsocket to the socket s enabled attribute.
Generate a list of execution entities where the execution is the same as the one in the list
Initializes the iterator to the initial value.
Serialize an expression.
Defines the internal frameLevel settings.
Restores content from clonemode.
Remove a data source from the list of atasourcelisteners.
Get the substring of specified string of specified length.
Clears the nameinunNONNONNONNONNONNONNONNONNONNONNONNON
Un - serialize a data object.
Stops the current thread and waits for it to stop.
Pusht template folder.
Recursively prints the first node of the tree to the stream.
Add an event to the list. If the event time for the event is older than the
Setter for generated tables and schemaelement for the collection type.
Initialize the board.
Called when an interface has been opened.
Adds the given string to the abbreviated map.
Inits theMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMemMem
Create a file object with the locatereplicator runtime environment.
Set the string data for this row.
Reads the data from the input xdd and parses the data to a string.
Appends a float to the string buffer.
Open the given file. The file is read from the current working directory and the file is
Override this method to perform checks to see if the track destination is the same as the destination
Flush and close the output stream.
norm string.
Returns a random instance for the string.
Adds a deployment to the deployments list and returns it.
Override this method to customize the beforestart behavior.
Called when the dlsn was successful.
Shutdown mysqlabandoned connection.
Writes a byte array to the stream.
Parse a string from the specified template using the specified control context.
On create custom from a tag.
Writes to a file with the specified exif interface.
Check to see if there is any imageserver in the database. If so return true.
Returns the current time in nanotime.
Remove a string extension.
Find the sub allocated vector for the specified element.
Adds an observer to this string.
Computes the Euclidean distance between a point and a set of designations.
Formats the specified string using the specified object as a pattern and the specified field position as
Adds a string with the given keyword to the dictionary.
Release a field of an object.
Transforms a list of dashboards to a list of dashboards.
Get the screen executor.
Adds a grouppro target listener to the list of listeners.
Edit a global function comment.
Clear all sessions in the group.
Return true if entrydn already exists.
Converts a string to a char array.
Initialize the native ids.
Hashes a constant name for a constant.
Start a new element with a matching attribute name and a list of attributes.
Returns true if the current value for the key is a string.
Calls the prwithtotalnumpropset method for each vmlist in the list
Get the properties of a matrix.
Adds the antversion table to the hashtable.
Builds the neural network.
Returns true if the characters in left and right are equal.
Returns the sign of the whole string and the number of times the string was loaded.
Returns an enumeration of productions.
Add a structural property to the AST
Override this method to handle the case of an isevent that has not been disabled by
Return the djarinfo information for this jframe.
Transform points in an array of points.
Convert an escaped function to a target string.
Returns a string representation of this port number with the specified string representation.
Adds a listener for the imssession.
Create an ipath from a time stamp.
Prints a user message.
Connects to the socket.
Returns true if the specified string is the same as the specified string.
Handles a failure in a request for a specific member.
Selects a size pair for a given camera.
Generate a list of addressitem objects from a cursor.
Decode a UTF - 8 encoded string.
Returns a map with all of the attributes with the lowercase case as the key and the value
Makes the given method visit this annotation.
Returns a list containing the objects obj1 and obj2.
Read the next part of the file.
Returns true if this is a multil downcastab.
Computes the pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
Returns a translated version of the specified data type for the specified values.
Finds the imin location of a data point.
Move the selected row to the new row.
Adds a file to the jar with a given backing path.
Get the list of runnable to shutdown.
Convert a collection of file paths to a list of strings.
Unlock or install the dialog.
Internal method to offset start timeifn unnecessary.
Get the ceil vector.
Simulates a method.
Remove all the frontier s elements.
Parses the attributes of a typedarray.
Concatenate two byte arrays.
Throws an assertionerror if the string is not valid.
Throws an illegal argument exception with the specified message.
Returns true if the given calendar is before the current calendar.
Builds a viewitemgroup for a login view.
Unmap a volume from a scaleiounmap volumetoscsiinitiator
Gets the value of the collection property.
Adds aquarter arc at the specified location.
Parses the given string content and sets up the internal variables.
Fill a part of a byte array with random data.
Removes all scanning transactions.
Reads a number of bytes from the input stream.
Handles the creation of a managermbean.
Make sure that the shape is not different from the current one.
Returns true if the file could not be read.
Appends the contents of two strings to the end of the array.
Deletes this object.
Converts a byte array into a Java string.
Initialize scratchi and scratchi arrays.
Computes the cell bounds of the grid.
Read an array of bytes.
Calculate the cuboid of the specified point.
Computes the loganodes of the specified vector using the specified delta and pdata
Returns true if the given message is the same as the current message.
Installs the properties.
Writes the given double array to the current position in the buffer starting at the given offset
Loads multiple recipients with the specified type.
Does the given filename have the given extension?
This method is called when the lock time has changed.
Add a new pad stack to the pool.
Returns the command line arguments.
Convenient method to override the startcontentmodel method.
Sets the center point and radius and length units.
Create an inputsource from a string.
Returns the preferences for a userroot.
Converts a socket identifier to a debug string.
Pushes a string onto the stack.
Read a string from a file.
Computes the tile X by subtracting tilegridxoffset and tilewidth.
Set an input field with the specified name type align and connection.
Creates a bshclassmanager and its declaring interpreter.
Swaps the current state of the Display with the error of the display.
Request the lastlogintime of the user.
Splits a string into a stream of words.
Add an appinfo to the activity list.
Returns a new joiner that matches the given field against the given value.
Remove the youtubemarkup from a string.
Creates a string for the dashesarray.
Moves the cursor to the specified position using the specified pattern.
Load a single file from the directory. If the file doesn t exist it will be loaded
Reads a string from an inputstream and returns the result as a string.
Checks if table exists.
Processes a group of characters from the buffer and returns the index of the next group.
Returns true if this string contains the specified script delimiters.
Compress an array of bytes into an outputstream.
Asserts that the specified service is not member of the quorumevent invariant.
Encrypt a block of bytes.
Adds a string to the current line.
Add the collection of connectiongroups to the current.
Load a map from an inputstream.
Adds a linedecoration.
Returns the parselink title of the link.
Adds the specified value to this matrix.
Closes this context.
Returns the number of items currently in the queue.
Create a diagnostic warning.
Processes this pattern and writes the result to the output file.
Delete the selected row from the table. If the selected row does not exist an error message
Returns true if this connection is healthy.
Adds a column to the table at the specified index.
Initialize the tab.
Calculate the norm vector.
Get the value of this enum field as a string.
Returns a unique hashcode of this matrix.
Converts a list of ring edges to a list of nodes where each node is a polygon
Remove an imagesharing listener.
Update the channel size to the number of non - zero bytes.
Write a dump of the current file descriptor to the journal.
Returns true if the specified string matches this matcher.
Mousereleased component.
Computes the numerical value of each class using percent factorper series.
Adds a channel to this manager.
Joins an array of objects to a string.
Returns true if the key has already been stored in the data store false otherwise.
Attempts to create amo if the boundline has a Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta
Returns the number of parameters.
Loads all the strings from an XML file.
Associates the specified value with the specified key in this map. If the map previously contained
Reads the data from a datainput stream.
Returns the dot product of this vector with the specified dense vector.
Emits the instantiation of the subroutine.
Returns the standard deviation of a list of doubles.
Remove all entries from the internal array.
Sets the bitstring to 1.
Compares two dates.
Decodes a single ibindingset from the input stream.
Starts a datagram socket.
Multiply all values by the specified factor.
Returns true if level is lower than current level.
Recursively computes the children of the specified folder.
Quotes a file line and returns the result as a string.
Reads a string from thenet.
Clears the internal data structures.
Remove an image consumer from the queue.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the data set is isn t Serialize at all.
Update theaperture attribute of the Pendings object.
Builds the invocation and caches it.
Computes the computemark of the webresour Closes the marks of the
Fills the array with the same entries but the same sign and number.
Fen out the string at the current position. The result is that the last character in
Generates a list of objects from a list of expressions.
Returns the parserelativedDirectory of the specified string.
Determine the character encoding for the given inputsource. If the inputsource does not have
Generates a URL for a given series and category.
Returns whether or not the current thread is idle.
Generate the begindis play menu for an event.
Decode the 64 - bit variant.
Creates a new database.
Calculates the caFilePath of the unit cell.
Adds a jobgrouptonever delete.
Generates a webdoc document with the given parameters.
Sends a request to the server and logs any errors that may occur.
Adds a field to the multimatchquery.
Encode the query to the specified outputstream. If include_h is true include the query
Signals noacks.
arraytostring.
Copy the contents of the given array to the given target array.
Returns the great - cled distance of the specified location.
Get a list of input splits from the manifest.
Read a number of bytes from a byte array starting from the specified offset and length from the
Adds a operator to the graph. The operator will be removed from the graph.
Remove an individual.
Override this method to modify a variable id.
Repeats a string with a given number of times.
Wait for statechange.
Selects the node that is closest to the input inference graph.
Add userfields to this view.
Converts a string to an integer. If the string is not a color name null is
Returns the bounds of the specified ad - wf node.
Stop a group of worker threads.
Returns a copy of the current stack with all mappings from the top to the bottom.
Computes how many times a given string isransitioned by the current one.
Generate a string representation of a method.
Dumps the contents of the iterator s text.
Removes a string from the queue and returns it.
Prints out definedips to the log.
Completely dispose a encoder for the specified session.
Calculates how many times the first character appears in the second charactersequence.
Parses a string as an object.
Return a stream of timeseriescollection objects.
Registers a mod. If the mod was not already registered it will be overwritten.
Create a new size2d for the arrangenn of this block.
Returns true if the specified message contains the specified content type.
Generates a X. 509 certificate.
Override this method to handle a button 1 request.
check all dependencies of a module
The children removed from the current context are now removed.
Throws an ioexception if the given directory is writeable.
Returns a string builder for this time interval as a string.
Write an object to the outputstream.
Start entity.
Returns true if the given string is a keyword.
Extracts the url from the matcher.
Returns true if this collator has the same class as the specified object.
Do not call this method directly. It will throw an throwable if the string is out of
Renames a type. If the type is an array then the original type is returned.
Writes a list of values to a xml output file
Set the title for the jdialog.
Invalidate all cachenames.
Writes a byte array as an XML string.
Write a list of strings to a file
Cancel requests with a specific tag.
Draw the specified string at the specified x y coordinates with the specified view transform.
subset a generic record to a specified schema
Add operation info to the queue.
Interprets a string as a cell array.
Transform a shape.
Prints the contents of this string list to the specified print writer.
Initialize the panel.
check the revocation status of a given certificate
Returns the compositetype for the specified alpha composite.
Removes the tag from the trackingicon if it exists
Returns a list of all thephon presents in the state table.
Remove the parent file.
Returns true if a - b is better than a - b.
End an element.
Fills the biib.
Write an openbracket to the JSON stream.
Calculate the logarithm of the given value.
Upload a file from the source string to the destination string.
Create a zipfile and write it to a tmp output folder.
Remove a handler for a specific column.
Returns true if the tag is set and the number of images is equal.
Restore the badge to its original value.
touches the current time stamp of the worker thread
Create a new entry. The type of the entry is the type of the entry and the
Adds a msg waiting for the specified type.
Pushes a new stack onto the stack.
Create a string buffer and append it to the buffer s toString method.
Adds a member to this gossip.
Returns a collection of all logfiles.
Is the cases sensitive.
Returns true if the given node has the same attribute_node as this node.
Returns a new hash code for this object.
Makes a new subconfigmeta instance.
Returns true if the given object is a polynomial function2d.
Converts a string R G and B to an integer using the boolean flag.
Called when the pick button is pressed.
Advances the tree as a traversal of the specified tree node.
Adds an element to the settings.
Cancels all pending operations.
Returns the value of the attribute at the specified index.
Returns the value associated with the given key.
Decodes a string.
Extracts the target string from the template string.
Delete this node and all its allocated nodes.
Returns true if all mirrors of the specified annotation type have been added.
Attempts to format the object array with a given format string. If the object array is
Lazily logs the specified class. If the class does not exist returns the current log
Receives a single byte from the buffer.
Convenience method for checking a single resource.
Returns true if the given string is a validimdbid.
Starts the activity to record the video.
Writes a coordinate array to a buffer.
Replies if the exception is an instance of the specified class.
Swaps the elements of the source matrix with the elements of the specified matrix.
Checks if the user has the permission to overlaptaskbar.
Creates a job for the specified cluster.
Returns a list of all classes in the specified file.
Throws an exception if the input string is not a valid character string.
Reads the values from the frame.
Determines whether or not the given access code is compatible with an instantrun.
Adds all elements in the specified array to the transaction.
set the pool for this listener manager
Read an object from an inputstream.
Computes and computes the line segments of the specified line segment by the given distance
Get the element at the specified location.
Create a query rule from a jsonobject and add it to the list of rules.
Compute the tooctets of a string.
Returns a representation of the given double value using the correct rounding mode for the given number of
Flush the output stream.
Checks if iscoctetstringvalid.
Creates a bounds from the specified points.
Add a cleargraphdata button.
Gets the normalizedlevenshteind distance between the two strings.
Write a string to a file.
Returns true if this object is not a typestring.
Unify the separators of the given string.
Adds a notification to the ping operation.
Create a new datastore and attach it to the cluster.
Check the size of the string array and increment the size if necessary.
Adds a new album to the list.
Checks the internal name of the string.
Start a group of images to process. The results are stored in a hashset for later
Returns the quoted version of the given string.
Returns true if this server has the specified leader.
Red least one operation canMerge an editor into the current context
Reports an object to the completion and returns the result. Returns null if the object is
Writes the given protein to the directory.
Test casts.
Writes the contour of the LM to the specified file.
Start a thread with a given timeout.
Finds an element with the given name in the given node s parent.
Create a new re with a unaryarg x as the first argument. If x is empty
Remove an element from the selection.
Called when a mouse event occurs.
Prints a formatted string to the stream for the specified locale using the specified format string and arguments
Transforms an xml source object to the resulttarget and writes the resulttarget to the result
Asserts that the result of the XPath comparison is equal to the result of the XPath comparison
Adds the specified suffix to the suffix list.
Get the list of options.
Closes the currentelector.
Subtracts two numbers.
Add any required attributes for the given names.
Shows the history dialog.
Returns the number of elements in the array.
Reads a number of bytes from an inputstream.
Create a streamable from a publisher.
Set up a new protobuf connection.
Parse the network response and return the bitmap.
Finds the notification with the specified id.
Set the green - factor for a given number of lines.
Converts a doublehashmap to a file.
Returns a completion reached by a given completion reached stage and then uses the identity instance as the
Adds a character to a number.
Clipses the specified string if necessary.
Remove an element from the list.
Adds a fragment to the fragment list and sets its background color to transparent.
Wraps a string in an array with a maximum width.
Create a vertex array from a vertex array.
Publish a message to the client.
Takes a directory and cleans up all its files. If the directory does not exist
Computes the inverse transform of an image using a supplied threshold.
Moves the given source file to the given destination directory with the given createdestdir flag
Load the security properties from a file.
Close an inputstream.
Delete all files from the scanfiles list.
Runs the process builder and checks the output from the process is the expected output.
Start file based merge.
Inserts a documentevent into the buffer. If the buffer is dirty the event is ignored
Parses a date - time exception.
Return true if the specified component at the specified axis are under the specified source component and the
Reads an object from the stack.
Returns a new big integer with the same sign as the current one but with a different sign
plain text.
Returns true if the given calendar is the same as the current calendar.
Start the port manager.
Print a double field.
Converts a YMD image into a bitmap.
Reads a double value from the stream.
Returns true if the given feature is equal to the given version.
Assign a port based on the list of matchingtargetports.
Return the next event from the queue.
Append the points to the buffer.
Updates the status box by removing all tracks from the current list and adding them to the
Set the projects.
Get the list of options.
Open a new CompareEditor.
Adds a resource.
Returns true if the given string is a maybEnumeric string.
Encodes the given string using the preferred encoding.
Adds delta to the current value and returns the next value.
Return the current time as a long in the given time unit. If the time unit is
Appends a key value pair to a list.
Load properties from the specified location.
Calculate the plan weight.
Checks if the given filename contains any of the given extensions.
Find the matching setting for this item.
Create a new node with the given key.
Calculate the logarithm of a given value.
Calculate a vector that is a power of another vector.
Die Methode responsereceive das datagrampack
Calculates theTempt orgb of the specified number of degrees.
Use a custom function to configure the name mapper.
Fills the array with a boolean value. Fills the array with a non - zero
Overrides addall with a collection that contains all elements from the specified collection.
Returns a string representation of this string.
Returns the resourcename of the resource with the given details.
This method is used to update the information of the autotrack Retrieves and the information of
Remove the class columntext.
Joins an array of named values with a separator between them.
Returns the source class of the given attribute.
Completes the current state of the parser by flushing the current state.
Request a group read.
Returns the cookie as a string. If the cookie is null returns null.
Skip bytes.
Resume the frame.
The result is the same as the original result. The result is the same as the original
Adds the top - level callback method.
Set the entire network panel.
Returns true if the XPath function can be found in the given namespace.
Allocates new sections.
Check to see if we should refresh the hard work.
Generates random bytes of the specified length.
Computes the missing weight of a columntable.
Remove the extension from a filename.
Delete the key with the given name.
Normalizes a string by a given amount.
Tells whether or not the given URI scheme is a socket scheme.
Add a leaf node with non - existing parents to the tree.
Adjusts all block listeners from the old range to the new range.
Returns a hex - encoded string of the specified number of bytes from the specified input array.
Returns a new size with the specified maximum area and the specified width and height if the new
The tcpchannel constructor.
Returns an indexable string representation of this class s fields.
Encode a byte array.
Draws a single face in the specified direction.
Adds a file alterationobserver observer.
Computes the logarithm of a number.
Adds the specified number of chunks to the script.
Create an instance of the specified class.
Adds a new action to this element.
Create a polygon with three points.
read a jsonobject from a jsonarray
Waits for a webelement to present.
Assert that the thread is at least as fast as possible and that the number of errors is
Returns whether or not the identifier isvimeourlvalid.
Returns true if the task has been canceled.
Add a subcontextlist to the stack.
Tries to create a new file with the same path as the old file and the new
Dumps options.
Return a jsonnode tree from a resource.
Returns a collection of all denoted words for the specified language.
Removes the specified container and cancels unnecessary requests for it.
Computes the kerneldensity function for a collection of points.
cloneserializes an object and returns the cloneserializes object.
Returns whether or not this node is hasthree.
Set the name of the object.
Run the test query and wait for the thread to finish.
Reads all lines of a file with the specified suffix and adds them to the gaz
Adds a vertex to the graph.
Recompute the current row count with a new one.
Returns a set containing the files specified by this object.
Returns true if the current OS name is a Mac OS name.
Returns true if one of the throwable classes is assignable from the specified set.
Generate a string with all of the messages from the queue. If the queue is full the
Prints a single int value.
Makes a copy of the itemsets with their support ratio.
Returns true if all of the characters in the specified string are letter.
Converts a character to a digit.
Throws an error.
Returns an enumeration with all of the elements added to this vector.
Verifies that all the bytes in the given big integer are the same. This does not
Saves an instance to a file.
Adds the specified querybuilder to the list of filters.
Send a debug message to the log.
Updates the execution timenanos and rows.
tests the creation of a file and a properties file. fails if the file does not exist
Generate a string with all necessary escaping.
Split the traces of the line with a keep_point at the end of the line.
Flips all bits from index to index + length.
Create a request source from a string.
Add users to configuration.
Attempts to flush the buffer to the idle state. If the buffer becomes idle it will
Copies the given source file to the given destination file.
Encode properties to a string.
adds a xmlwriter attribute to the xmlwriter
Asserts that the result of the XPath comparison is equal to the result of the XPath comparison
Deletes the given file or directory.
Create a timestamp from a string.
Returns true if the string starts with a illegal character.
Clear the value map.
Reads a password from the input stream.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Plays the specified file using the specified username.
Run the finalizeon exit flag if the thread is interrupted.
Make an array with the predictable intervals for a given configuration.
Returns the minimum element of the given collection according to the given comparator.
Checks to see if the given shahash matches the given file.
Add a value key name.
Updates this assignment to a new array with the same core as the specified array.
Converts a char to a string.
Returns the specified string as a list.
Draws the specified area.
Add a hole to the linearring. If the holeer is already in the linearring
Registers all components.
Initializes the configuration object for the specified type.
Skips the specified number of bytes from the input stream.
Generate a new 64bithashid.
Create a newub command handler.
Sets the title of the dialog with the given byte array.
Create a figure object from an ixmlelement.
Adds a list of items to the list.
Get the type of the call.
Auxiliary method to map the source.
Create a jfilechal with the given style and extensions.
Computes the computestaticload metrics for the given accessprofile.
Reads a short from the file.
Create a replicationjob for the specified hiveobject
Writes the content to a file.
Returns all the search orders for the specified context.
Returns true if the specified string is not a valid file path.
Returns the pronghorn variant of the specified path.
Computes the variance of the Laplacian s method using a stder
Run the specified list of bootstrappers.
Check index headerid.
Converts this 16 - bit integer to a byte array.
Save the buffer to the log.
Obtains a list of all the available options for a given project.
A completerelative path.
Returns whether or not the given string is files specifier.
insert the expectedpoolsettingstier into the capabilitiespath and add it to the keymap
Transfers data from one stream to another.
Returns the pathpositionat level of the given level.
Returns the number of characters that can be read from the underlying stream.
Add a newnumerictraclass.
Returns a list of groups.
Called by the draggesturerecognized method.
Returns true if the given character is the same as the current character.
Adds a new header line.
Method used to load an iaddress from a result set.
URL - encode a string using the default UTF - 8 encoding.
Gets the url.
Set the namespace to be after the start of an element with the given prefix.
Returns the guesst type of the given file.
Asserts that the number of occurrences of each element in the terms list matches the number of
Returns true if this modifier is public.
Return true if the currentencumbrance is still the same as the passed in value
Returns a transferable representation for the given formats.
Write a length field to the output stream.
Adds a generic font family.
Places the name and value of the node with the unique value of the specified type.
Main entry point for an nso single object.
Returns true if the set of individuals is empty.
Returns a string representation of this object using the specified datetimeform pattern.
Return the dotted class name of this class.
Adds a new extensions dialog.
Plays the next video item in the list.
Instantiates a method with the given name and parameters.
Add nodes from an iterator to the list.
Creates a new rotatestream.
Removes all entries from the m previous history.
Computes the metadata of the source image and the target image from a typed array.
Adds a message to the log.
Create a new string and add it to the action string.
Returns true if this object can be loaded.
Returns true if this matrix is a boolean.
Returns true if the given string is a valid boolean. If the given string is null or
Overrides the default e setting for non - default properties and non - default non - default
Returns a string representation of this object using the specified datetimeform literal format.
This method is used to initialize the list of source codewithline objects.
Returns a clone of the u matrix.
Returns an empty set if there are duplicate error codes.
Returns true if the field is visited in the object.
Removes a downloadinForun format from the current list.
Adds a shingledphrasequeries to the specified booleanquery.
Returns the tokenized version of the token as an XML identifier.
Create a new snapshot.
Store a logfile into the content provider.
Merges the properties of the current map with the properties of the new map.
Add a string to the list of string to be printed out.
Informs the media manager that the media is now playing.
Parse a parameter value.
Skips the specified number of times.
Generates the max distance to all members of the world at the specified radius.
Returns the ecdhecryptography object for the specified supported group.
Adds a header to a message.
Returns the contents of this string as a string.
Recreates a workspacitable table.
Executes a SELECT statement that returns a list of objects with a list of named parameters.
Completes the tag stack and returns the result of the end of the tag stack.
Add a named entity reference to the document.
Links node as last element or returns false if full.
Draws a divider to the canvas at the specified bounds with the specified child index.
Specifies a localized description as a form spec.
Decodes the data using the specified parser.
Writes a big - endian integer to a dataoutput.
Write a double value to the file with the specified name.
Get a creature with the specified level from the list of possible creatures. The
Overrides the before method to validate the old and the new properties are compatible with the old
Deletes an entity from the repository.
Adds a collection of tables to the schema.
Replace the specified string with the specified template and write the result to the specified writer.
Clears the cache.
Returns the index of the specified rounded toolitem.
Adds an attribute to the parameter list.
Call the graph executor for every graph in the graph.
Run a full import.
Return the classname of the specified object.
Starts the system consumer.
Generates the flags for an binary operation.
Returns true if this node is label independent of its cell.
Write a typelist to the stream.
load properties file from resourcename
Close an inputstream.
Create a new transaction.
Reads characters until a non - numeric character is found or end of string is reached.
Packagetopath string.
Returns true if the key is present in the hash map false otherwise.
Returns true if the provided string is a valid fragment ; false otherwise.
Recompute the capacity of the hash table.
Saves the pois from {} to the local file.
Creates an element with the specified color and adds it to the parent element.
The beendone method for a particular tag.
Change the operator of a variable at a specific row. If the row is greater than the
Add a header field with the specified name and value.
check if the uri is unique in redis
Returns whether a view is hidden or not.
This method deletes a file or directory from a directory.
Returns true if the specified component of the specified component is the horizontal or vertical component of the
Constructs a node with the specified name and prefix using the specified transformer.
create the priorityqueue with the word list as keys and the word list as values.
Iterates through the object inputstream calling the closure for each object and calling the closure for
Return the exit status of the toolio system with the given status.
Computes the distance between two points.
Processes the given challenge and sets the state to initiated or failed.
Calculates the difference between a and b.
Adds a new mcostqueue.
Adds an event to the menu.
Establishes the cache if necessary.
Appends text to the end of the span.
Validates a password.
Returns a list of all snapshot in the specified repository.
add a certificate to the certificate holder
Returns a new big integer with the same contents and the same sign but the same number of
Clean statics.
Override this method to paint a background for a tab.
Builds the automaton using the specified bytesref hash.
Computes the bounds of the specified dataset.
Shutdown the server.
Returns the number of non - zero non - zero non - zero non - zero non -
Assigns role to member.
Set corepoolsize and maximum pool size to use for all the threads. Default thread pool
Writes the initial Values to the output stream.
Encodes a collection of string parameters into a string.
Apply the test options for lowcon and highcon and create a new properties object.
Run the next pending command.
Stop the websocket server and wait for all to finish.
Load a document from an XML resource.
This will compare the result with the original result and provide a different result. The result will
Remove the annotation at the specified index.
Replaces the specified old char with the specified new char.
This method will touch a file. If the file does not exist an ioexception is thrown
Adds a wraps callback to the unit tests.
Is the eventobject a cell?
This method is used to verify that all the strings in this big integer are the same.
Add a class annotation.
Attempts to format the given string with the given format. Throws an illegal format exception
Converts a string to uppercase.
The entry is removed from the queue. If the queue is interrupted the thread is interrupted and
Create a zipfile with the specified entrycount and entrysize.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid playlist.
Imports an XML document.
Adds a row to the table. If log_mode is off adds the row to
Creates a new digest method type.
Creates a partition of a collection of vertices.
Specifies the graph factory to use.
Shift all the subflow of the specified beaninstance to the current subflow.
Doin background.
Make all the elements in this list.
This method is called when a text node is deleted.
Load the application environment.
Sets the topic and message for the producer worker.
Called when a tab is created.
Returns true if all functions are allowed.
Loads a new org access user.
Closes the cache.
Create a map of uri - > integer with the non - empty value for the exportmask
Closes the socket and closes the underlying resources.
Computes the maximum of two vectors.
Wait for process output.
Adds a string to the command line.
Returns the first node matching the specified key or null if there is no such key.
Draws the axis.
returns the JSONArray of urlcrawldatum from the fetchlist
Creates a new random color.
Parse the string and return a pair of the category and the fixable.
Used to legacy process a method which has a return type and a parameter.
Sptkpitch reader writer example.
Shut down this thread and release its resources.
Adds a cspstatelistener listener.
Wraps the given message with a space at the end of the given printstream.
Removes all values at the specified index from the matrix.
Asserts the nullability of the result set.
Computes the bounding boxes for the current contour. If the contour is not in the
Adds a JSON object to the list of timelines.
Loads the blob data from the database.
Paints the component.
Make a copy of an array with the specified extracapacity.
Send an event to all listeners.
Update the specified region.
Loads the specified extensions.
Adds the string to the builder at the end of the list.
Returns a limit on the number of results.
Returns true if the specified file exists.
Skip n characters.
Initialize the payment methods.
Converts a filename with the specified maxbytes encoding to the default charset.
copy a file from url to a file
Updates the delegation factor of the current delegation rule to the specified number of delegation rules.
Create a new auth configuration.
Trims all non - numeric characters from the specified string and places the result in the specified
Returns the class s string.
Create a rectangle with the specified width and height as a child of this rectangle. The x
Send the buffer to the client.
Call this method to fire an event.
Finds the psifile with the closest config to the current config.
Returns true if the two strings are equal.
Executes a command.
Populate a blob.
Remove an observed file.
Make the list as immutable.
Appends aull statement to the statement.
Clear the queue.
Updates the current fmradiostation with the data from the data from the data
Adds elements from the specified collection to this array.
Saves the analysis to a file.
Returns an iterator of the available capabilities.
Parses a string to an integer.
buffered header.
Converts a util. date to a string.
Use this to executewith backoff a client.
Check the responsecode field of the URL connection.
Adds a resource source.
Computes the current commitchanges.
Attempts to connect a point to a target item.
Called when a motion event is dispatched to a scene object that has already been registered.
Adds a class to this class descriptor.
Edit an element s column with the specified property name.
Adds a point to this curve with the specified ecfieldelement x and y.
Transforms a DOM tree to a streamresult and writes the result to a string.
Returns the area of a - b - c in terms of angle between a and b.
Performs serializable operations on the literal literal.
Converts a list to an array with empty elements after the specified delimiter.
Returns the minimum element of the given collection.
Adds a new server to the server list.
Fails if the queue is empty.
Adds a new findclubaction element to the calendar.
Extracts the pdfxref information from a line.
Returns an array of strings containing the inet addresses in the specified collection.
Start the profile activity
Starts the animation with the current resolution.
The trxname is the trxname of a productbean.
Checks that all requires are in the same module.
Clears the bit at the specified index.
Deserializes all the objects in the passed in list into a new hashset. If
Append a string to the end of the string.
Adds a catchClause to the statement. If the clause does not exist it will be
Convert a byte array to a browser response
Remove a key from the hash map and commit the transaction associated with it.
Fetch an ordered list of orders from the data.
Get the number of schemas for this string. If the number of schemas is greater than the
Clears the internal state of the stack.
Set the store and create the empty tiles.
Returns true if the chainwork number is greater than the chainwork number in the given store
Generate a token and append the character to it.
Returns true if the given URL points to a jar url.
Return true if the specified object is the same as this object.
Sets the current timestamp for the query. If the current timestamp is different than the current timestamp
Attempts to call an accessor on the specified classname and constructorargs.
Stop the timer.
Add a row to the table.
Decode a string to a byte array.
Return the Return address of the calling frame or the original frame if the calling frame is not
An implementation of thePathimpl s normalizepath method.
Returns true if the given string is a valid mimetype.
Sets the parent stage and the group for the dialog.
Returns the bitmap size of the specified key.
Returns a new matrix where each element is the absolute value.
Remove the attribute with the given string.
Takes a snapshot of the specified camera.
Returns a debuggerexception with the option set to the given node.
Rotates an image. The returned image will have the same width and height but with the
Update the valoare of the specified column.
Recreates the calendar.
Creates a linestring given a set of coordinates.
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements trimmed.
documentation inherited from interface FrameManager. FrameManager. FrameManager
Returns true if the specified eventname is allowed.
Subtract the specified number offlakes from the current one.
Copy a block of bytes from the input array to the output array.
Return true if the specified realm name is required for the specified policy.
Entry point for the command line tool.
Perform a date - time conversion.
Obtain the authority key identifier of a given certificate.
Open a jar file.
Removes all allemails.
Use the returned sslengine object to unwrap the contents of the host and port.
Generate a pwresetadmin log with the specified token.
Determines whether the given character is letter.
Call the function arguments of the argument list visitor.
Create a string with the specified uri and label.
Compares two strings to see if the token indicates a match. If the token is not
Destroys the node manager.
Create a uri from a file.
Start the media player.
Search for the object in the specified list using the specified comparator.
Finishes the work of writing to the output stream.
whatcango is the state_start in the fallelements array?
Remove an object from the list.
Set a cache of strings to use for a specific algorithm.
Marshall an enum value.
Called by the scene manager when the current object is initevents.
Returns true if the specified sequence has been dispatched to all registered midifile writer instances
Method called to calculate the wnaf of a specific width of a big integer.
Map a string to a collection name. If dest is true replace the current string with the
Fill a vector with random values.
Returns the hashcode of this MapEntry or null if this MapEntry doesn t have a hashcode
Called when the thread is stopping to fetch the specified fetcher.
Returns true if the given package name is equal to this one.
Draw the rangemarkers at the specified index in the specified layer.
Decrypt data.
Set the policy that must be applied to every entry in the layer.
Returns true if the specified connection should be closed according to the specified action.
Obtains the HSL colorization of this colorization.
Shuts down the running thread pool and waits up to the specified time for the thread to
Returns true if there are no other threads waiting to acquire the lock.
This method is used to send a command to a FTP server.
Remove the quotes on the given column.
Checks to see if scrolled has changed since the last changed. If it has changed it
Checks to see if the current read is valid and if so returns it. If not
Searches for documents matching a query.
Writes the string to the current file.
Returns a list containing all of the child elements of the given element with the given names.
Generate a new random byte array with the specified number of random bytes.
Returns a string containing a zero - padded number of characters.
Get a list of jobs.
Converts an array of bytes to an array of bytes.
This method is used to open an input stream.
Adds a c curator listener to the current context.
Returns the serialsensorm '" + this node s id.
Tests if the database is a currency.
Create a string from an array of bytes.
Asserts that the other date objects in the same order are in the same order. This
Extract the id from a URI.
Marks a block of a given length as used by this buffer.
Create a cholmatrix from the given matrix.
Reads a string from memory.
Returns true if count == source. Otherwise returns false.
Adds a new value to the list and sets the first time as the new value.
removelegionmember from the db with the specified charname to the player.
Prints the contents of the buffer to the stream.
Returns whether or not the method contains a baf body.
Returns the specified string with all the characters removed.
Removes the current http connection from the http connection and logs it if debug is enabled.
Internal binary search function.
Triggers the cleanup of the given transitschedule.
Returns true if the specified ref object equals the specified test object.
Create a string builder for a patch.
Writes the string to the output stream.
Checks whether the sort size is valid. If not the default value is set to the
Defines the image that will be used to finish the indexing of the image. This is
Delete the current turnout and track lists.
Wraps the result of the operation with an asynchronous operation and returns the results of the
Return the next token from the pattern.
Create a xerces builder factory using the specified settings.
Overrides the default string builder to append the current value to the passed in string builder.
Parse a macro from a file.
The method to delete esinput.
Adds the specified part to the current path if it does not already exist.
Waits for the fsync service to terminate.
Finds the location of the farthest location in a direction where the direction is valid
Computes how much of the image is needed to fit a given width and height scale
Creates the main split pane.
Utility method to clean an existing digicorechain and return it.
Checks to see if the provider is already setup.
Creates a new fsdirectory instance.
Adds two attributes to a node.
Convert a stream to a string.
Split the string representation of a branch name into the parts of the branch name.
Encrypts the specified outputstream using the specified password.
Returns a new string with the specified number of characters padded with the specified character. If the
Reload the swipelistview or the number of opened views.
Resets the internal byte array to its initial state.
Multiply this matrix by a scalar. The result will be a copy of this matrix.
Shuts down the JCR session factory.
Converts an array of bytes to a string.
Sets the parent container and inavifunction for the function.
Converts a hex string to a byte array.
Write a string to the buffer.
Creates a new all permissions object.
Merges all endpoint information from the given network to the given szone.
Prints a message followed by a newline.
Read a chunk of data from an inputstream.
Takes a directory and a list of facetresult objects and returns a list of them.
Create a kdtree tree of the specified inputstream.
Adds a namespace to a qualified name.
Returns a string representation of the specified tag.
Creates an xmlelement2 with the current attributes.
Resets the counters for all partitions.
Rotates this vector by the angle in radian.
Connect to the L2O L2O L2O. If the L2O
Return the value of the response header with the given name.
Returns a map with all of the elements of the given string and set of elements of the
Sign with wsssamltokenprofile element.
set the tab title when the state of the change event is changed.
Adds a URL to the URLList. If the URLList already contains a URL then
Adds a new value to the minterval array with the specified status.
Resets the state of this object to its initial state.
Reload the current page
Returns true if the field is static.
Get the number of outstanding requests to this server.
Converts an array of bytes into a string.
Initialize the logger.
Fill the left part of a view.
Remove a default value from the list. If the list is empty the default values will be
Asserts that the snapshot of the specified string is the same as the original string. The
Merges two mergesignatures.
Overrides the default implementation to return the same hashcode as the original implementation.
Sets the detail message for the current exception.
enter a cnatreeelement in the tree.
Adds an option to this options object.
Pause for a client to join.
Fires a propertychange event if the propertyname is the same as the background property and
Adds an imageresource to this transition.
Scans for classes of the given interface and returns an array of those classes.
Return the next string in the buffer.
Return true if the value of the given mutable block should be updated in fastcubeb
Expands a rectangle to a given amount.
Copy a string to a datagrampacket.
Returns a string that is the same as this string.
Returns whether or not this object is currently in ainitialized state.
Removes a thread hook from the shutting down list.
Starts a transition from one resultpoint to another.
Returns a string representation of the current value.
Checks to see if the provided camera is available and if so returns the available size.
Appends the specified string to this string builder.
Encode a string.
Gets the current looku back table.
Returns the sum of all registered metrics.
Returns true if the specified charsequence is a word boundary false otherwise.
Executes an operation on the primary connection.
Writes an array of characters to the stream.
Creates a table with the specified number of columns and the specified cell cell.
Return the type as a string.
Add a line to the path.
Can handle missing attributes.
Disables the button and the load.
Load an artifact from a file.
Try to acquire the specified number of acquires.
Returns true if the specified string builder contains a non - headerend string.
Returns a list of options.
Sets the tsaction delay.
Create a new modality.
Adds an imultipoint to the path.
Returns true if the specified class is a proxy class.
Verifies that a given authentication success is discovered.
Generate a new report.
Override this to change the visibility of the edit text.
Returns the concurrent map for the given transaction if the transaction is near or local. Otherwise returns
Stops the server.
Decodes a byte array.
Derives the argb color of a given color at a given midpoint.
Add a position to the pool. If the pool does not exist it will be created.
Create a new compound Chain strategy with the specified parameters.
Sets the default thread pool and the executors.
Write a chunk of locator to the file.
Returns the event with the specified id.
Initialize the custom checkers.
Loads the registry properties file.
List the contents of the hashtable.
Convert a string to a date.
Get the MD5 checksum of a file or directory.
Initializes this Keyframe with the specified values.
Check to see if there is a next record in the table.
Trims the current line by removing leading zeros and trailing zeros.
Append an openbracket to the current value.
Returns the specified string beginning at the specified position.
Clears all cached data.
Returns a set containing all the elements in the specified iterator in the order they appear in the
Submits a task to the thread pool for execution of the specified number of times.
Create a jsonObject for a given brokerid and containervmsnumber.
Add a port to the portuse counts map. If the port is not in the map
Pop the top level element stack.
Add a cacheobject to the cache. If the cache is fullremoveone and fullremove
Removes a listener from the specified string.
Fires a changeevent to any registered listeners.
Create the connection name.
Discover a host.
Reads a number of bytes from an inputstream fully into an array of bytes.
Draw the lines for the current connection order to the canvas.
Adds a new or existing node to the open queue.
Converts a file object to a file.
Create a compatible writableraster of the specified size.
Builds a random multisegmentbipartitegraph with the specified number of segments
Executes the specified command.
Update the progress of the diagnostic thread.
Create a new contexthTwo.
Returns true if this is a prefix for the specified charsequence.
This method returns the jspinitializers for the context.
Wraps all files in the given directory and creates a directory using the given prefix.
Returns a string representation of the given array.
Returns true if the specified product category is a child of the specified parent product category.
Adds an input to the batch and returns true if the instance was added.
Returns a collection of all column names of the specified table.
Add a created resource to the resourcelist.
Takes a request for a new event and removes it from the in - memory array.
Return true if this object equals the specified object.
Returns true if the set is mainted.
This method is used to perform the schedulenextalarm query on the system.
Sends a stop request to the server.
Asserts that the given port number is not equal to the current port number. If the
Returns a new array with the result of applying the given function to each element of the arrays
Split a URL path into a set of strings.
This method is used to perform a report for a specific application. It generates a report form
Notifies all registered listeners that a transaction has ended.
Add a job to the jobstorun.
Resets the internal buffer to the specified string.
Adds a constant pool entry.
Set the data for this chart set.
Returns the info set amount.
Cancels the specified property constant.
Deserializes the given bytes to a typeserializer.
This will compare the contents of this big integer with the contents of the specified big integer and
Show the selected neurons.
Encrypts a block of data.
returns true if the class has any parameters
This method is called when a window is being displayed. It is called at the end of
Returns a new string with the same contents removed.
Set the small image and description for the network panel.
webimage a webimage resource.
Convenient method to consolidate the list of receipts for a given installment.
Checks if the given string is a valid email address.
Adds thelinemergedVertex to the graph.
Reads an applicationxml document from a file.
Creates a new connection.
Creates a string buffer with the current string and the number of occurrences of the string.
Adds a subscription to the topic.
Zips a zip file given its location and the name of the file.
Generate a hash map for all the child nodes.
Adds a listener to the maudiopacket.
Sets the specified object as a deltacrlindicatorextension.
Set the relative path to the given file.
Adds a callback to the source object.
Remove all blocks from the section.
Writes a string to a file.
Returns true if the node is a Variable access.
override the onvalueselected method
Create a list of geo objects by segments intersectornear s1 s2 and geo
Adds an action to the action list.
Load data from a datainput file.
Returns the URL of the resource represented by this class.
Signoff the object with the given unique id.
Create a new storagesystem in the database.
Converts a long in a windowsize to a long in the range [ 0 windowsize
Wraps the current string with a list of points.
Report an error.
Sets the association object for the specified key and associates it with the templatesub pattern
Returns an iterator over the elements of the union.
Reads a value from a string table.
Throws an ioexception with the specified error message.
Returns true if the deal is more than the requested number false otherwise.
Adds an X500 principals to the set of issuer principals.
Returns a string that is a key with the given selection count appended to the string column.
Replaces old nodes with new nodes from the registered list.
Add a device to the last run.
Waits for the element to be namespace - aware. If the element isn t a
Adjusts the array to have an absolute value.
Remove an IBIDP processor at the specified index.
Create a linkedlist of t with the specified suffix and the specified value.
Gets the by from locator.
Notifies all registered listeners that a task has been started.
If the method is destroyed throw a deepstreamrecorddestiedexception.
Uploads an ioutils artifact from the given inputstream.
Escapes a string.
Returns an array of Class objects for the given array of objects.
Adds a top level element to the document.
Returns the number of spaces in the specified string starting from the specified index.
Updates the viewpointnode with new data.
Samples the current assignment.
Create a certificate from an input stream.
Attempts to map the tunnel timeout to the next one.
Set a custom property value with the given key.
Renames a table.
set the number of objects to readahead but do not wait for the readahead to finish
Puts a false - positive integer into the set.
Apply the layout of the neurons.
Returns the nice field of the record.
Converts the layer size to a float value.
Returns the method with the specified name and the specified number of arguments.
Fetches the service card information for the specified keyword from the server.
Adds a new number to this model.
Returns a string with all digits and plus characters matching the given matcher.
Compares two methods.
Returns the markersegment with the given tag.
Reads a string from the input stream. Returns null if the string could not be read
Concatenates the specified publisher to the specified source array. The order of the source array
Sends a list of items to the server.
If this feature is the same as this feature we don t need to override this method.
Returns true if this is a valid URI URI. If this is not a valid URI this
The key usage of the specified object.
Generate a list of period.
Creates a new secret key.
Set the value of the property.
Used to parse a jsonobject from a string. If the string is the same as the
Loads the spyversions from the ioutils. xml file.
Use this method to perform a POST request on a userdto service.
Adds a view to the network.
Adds a string to the front of the queue.
Returns true if the specified session has been closed and the version of the database has been updated
Waits until all elements have been processed.
Set the parent of this expression node.
Returns true if this name is a registered name.
Adds a runtimeexception to the runtimeexception table.
Prints a message and exits the system.
Asserts that the actual timestamp is within the epsilon of the expected value. If the actual
Sets the parameters to be passed to the URL parser.
Flushes all cached data to the server.
Adds a new hopsnumber to the list of entities.
Gets the current state of the queue.
Performs a few tests of how to use Instantiation.
Reads entries from the insegment reader.
Return the number of hosts in all initiators from the net2initiatorsmap
add new certificates to a given store
Processes a L LOB.
Starts the prefix mapping of the element with the given namespacestack.
Print a stack trace of this string to the specified print writer.
Converts a list of dataflavour lists to an array of dataflavour
Asserts that the specified string is not already a child of the current string.
Translates attributes of the given string.
Returns the next indexid in the message.
Fill the fieldvalues.
This method checks if the specified endpoint is valid for the specified list of securityinfo objects.
Retain all of the elements of this list with all of the elements of the other list
Convert a set of bytestrings to aByteBuffer.
Adds an index for the specified type with the specified list of column names.
Set the keystorekeypassword.
Set the basepath for the current curator framework to the given basepath. The default
Creates a shortcut for the specified character.
Inserts a new node into the subtree rooted at the specified node.
Reset all counters.
Writes a ceylon configuration to a file.
Sift the current position of the specified class to the specified list of typecompounds.
Update the location of the map with a new point.
Compares a value to this value and returns the number of times the specified value was found
Binds the specified integer property to the specified value.
Remove a column from the table.
Adds a string to the history.
Close the database connection.
Sets the fields of the current object to be the same as the fields of the semb
Remove an action listener for all action listeners.
Returns true if the specified index corresponds to a valid literal string.
Converts a string to a granularity.
Setter for the word iterator.
Closes the index.
Pushes a local file to remote. The monitor will be closed after calling this method.
Converts a type to a string.
Resizes the internal offset table to the specified size.
Split a hex string into an array of bytes.
Print a short field.
Adds all files with the given prefix to the list of files in the given directory.
Remove a bandwidth field.
Called by subclasses when they fail to run.
Returns the current time.
Returns a new string with the same contents of the current string but without any new lines.
Override this method to throw a runtime exception.
Extract properties from an iterable.
Removes a record from the table.
Ensure invisible the component with the given name.
Marks the state of the currently used Protections. If the currently used Protection
Sets the format to use for the section labels.
Splits a line into an array of characters.
Takes a string and a number of seconds and calls the appropriate method for that string.
Reads the next field from the stream and returns it as a tuple.
Compute a string.
Remove a property copy time listener.
Load the dimension attributes from an XML file.
Hashes a signature.
Add a groupname to the trigger group.
Reads a string.
Deletes all files from the tempfiles list.
This method is used to read a bitmap from a file.
Runs the test and asserts that it is at least as fast as it can.
Shrink the area.
Throws an exception if one of the tests is fails.
Adds a new dataitem at the specified time to the statistics collection. If no data
Serializes the given filename to a classifier.
Returns a new instance of the given field id. Returns null if the field id is not
Returns true if the specified field is a partition of the specified field.
Create a size2d for the arrangefn of the specified block.
Invokes the method.
Returns the index of the first occurence of the specified search string within the specified range.
Increments the value associated with k by the given delta.
Sends a packet to a tcpclient
Called when a keyevent occurs.
Fills inthegaps the specified mappedclasses with the specified mode.
Read an object from an inputstream.
Create a script from a list of bytes.
Delete all instances.
Adds an object to the list of listeners.
Performs a 2 - dimensional gc on the two specified arrays.
Return true if the specified date is between the specified start date and the specified end date.
Add a listener that will be notified when the timeout has expired.
Converts a list of strings to an array of strings.
Transforms a string into a string.
Writes a number of bytes to this buffer.
Start a HTTP request to the URL connection.
Writes the specified string to this character stream.
Appends a tag to the XML.
This method is used to override the extrainfo attribute of the XACMLClient object
Adds a collection of contentelement to the toplevel contents list.
Used to call an instance method from within a closure.
Write a range of bytes to the stream.
add an entry to a resourcename
Solve for a set of nodes.
Remove a given number of times from a list of starts.
Creates a newbeant type with the given name and class.
Reverses the contents of the table. If the table does not exist the content of the
Returns true if the caller is the http caller.
Add the string value to the field with the given name.
Deletes a storagedata object from the storage.
Blocks the current thread for a advanced request.
Returns whether or not the given example is valid.
Load the contents of the specified inputstream. If the inputstream is a file inputstream
Adds a new entry to a vNXebase with the specified list of strings.
Removelocators the specified locators.
Returns true if the item instance is currently selected.
Adds an operation to the progress panel.
Adds the specified provider.
Checks to see if the current workercount is the same as the expect.
Create a httpurlconnection from a list of requests.
Set the host and port for this TCP endpoint.
Tears down the connection and checks if there is an available infoschem connection. If
Returns the current stime of this file.
Create a new list of Attempts to program a statementblockrewriter.
Create the j menu.
Writes a string to a dataoutputstream.
Returns true if the specified string is a valid name.
Create the commands to create the tsfile.
This method parses the sensorcontext files and adds the number of core metrics found.
Create a thread that will format an error stream for a process and display it to the specified
Inserts a string into the string builder.
Generate an array of classes for a list of string parameters.
Trim leading and trailing whitespace from the gazentry.
Indicates whether or not the account should be displayed.
Sorts the instances using quick sort.
Flips the image horizontally.
Gets the audit flag.
Determines if the current request is a siprequest or not.
Reads segments from the file.
Project timewithin 24 hours.
Update the minmax for the given byte array.
Takes an element as a child of a struct and deserializes it. If the child
Gets the command line options.
Concatenates two byte arrays.
Reads all input from the specified file.
Create an extendedDismaxconfiguration object.
Writes property value.
Computes the logarithm of the power of the given value.
Add a focuscleared listener.
Adds an itemlistener to the list of listeners.
Returns a list of options.
Creates a Sima channel with absolute and generic type.
Returns the rank of the array with the specified value.
Returns the negation of the given predicate.
Add margintoptocontent child to layout.
Converts a hex string to a byte array.
Send a number of bytes to the connection.
Fetch the schema.
Append the double array to the string builder.
Converts this t to a realarray.
Reads all the key - value pairs from the sequencefile and returns them.
Return true if the seqno is older than the disk log.
Draw a line.
Processes the specified item and returns the result as a string.
Adds a new element to the end of the list.
Returns the cardinality of the node at the specified tailindex.
Writes a cookie to the http servlet response.
casts a value to a long
Finish a gridrow.
This will compare the number of times a key was encoded to the number of times it was
This method is called when the application is shutting down.
Set the time when the object was received from the lastpingsent to the current time
Returns the integer value associated with the specified object literal.
Resets the viewable area.
Asserts that the num of transferrateops and num of transferbps are greater than
Add a x509 certificate manager to the manager list.
Returns an iterator over the treenodes in the tree.
Creates the folder.
Calculates the i - th entry of a matrix.
Main entry point for the client with the specified properties.
Fails if the scale of the table does not exist in the query.
Takes an object and returns a string that is quoted if necessary and adds it to the
Returns true if the retention policy for the specified annotation type is retained at runtime.
Writes the package and its contents to the package table. The contents of the table are
Adds a string to the classpath.
Loads the directories of the specified property file.
Get a null ind point for the specified dimension.
Returns a list of classes matching the specified URL.
Returns true if the given string is isslavog positionsic to the given value.
Shuffles the elements of an element using the provided random number generator.
Override the format method to return a formatted string for the given value.
Converts a string to lower case.
Run asserts on a list of step objects.
Registers a transform.
Terminate this frame. The frame will be removed from the list of active frame ids.
Shrinks the internal array to the current length.
Sets the and condition.
Fills the data queue with new items from the supplied position.
Set the host port and transport of this socket.
Update the spinner to reflect the current state.
Writes a single character to an outputstream.
Set the selected index of a message in the box.
Start the batch insert procedure. The method blocks until the batch insert is completed.
Returns whether or not the specified systemname is allowed to access this object.
Returns true if the specified string is of the specified objectclass false otherwise.
Set an integer property.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the given value is within the buffer. Otherwise returns the
Waits until the thread is interrupted or an ioexception occurs.
Adds delta to the current value and returns the next value.
Attempts to close the given closeable object but only if it is not null. If
Appends a byte array to the end of the file.
Use this to suppress warning messages.
Returns the inet address of the specified host address or null if the address is not valid.
Opens a new connection to the server. The default credentials are used.
Internal helper method to unpack a string.
Put a non - null value into the weak reference queue.
Returns the number of common suffixes between two strings.
Release resources held by this source.
Start the monitor thread.
The method to write a new image to the back - end.
Scales the image by the specified factor.
Read an object from an inputstream.
Converts from camel case to camel case.
Returns the next element from the set or null if there are no more elements.
Add the Movieet addaction.
This method creates the locatistry for the specified port.
Polls through the line parser to see if there is an existing file with the statisticsh
Resets the internal array to its initial state.
Fix whitespace characters.
call this method to call the back - end s for a requestinvocationevent.
Returns true if the entry has expired.
Makes the given visitor visit this method.
Returns a native string array containing the special properties of this object.
Used for one - query execution.
Returns a list of registered string instances.
Returns the dooperation of the parameter.
Used to set progress on an event.
Obtains a j level of the specified epoch day.
Check that all the non - empty cache entries have the same number of non - empty entries
Returns the object with the given key or null if no such object exists.
Adds a language to the language array.
Returns the minimum index of the specified key in the specified stayinbounds array if the specified
Add a user to the database.
Finalization step of block mixk1 and mixk2.
Registers a host with the network.
Attempts to update the flow of the of ofmrcin with the specified priority.
Create a jar and write the contents of the given map to the given file.
Appends the specified cell to the end of the cell string.
Expect that the server is failed to proxy up.
Removes a parameter from this object.
Recalculates all attributes for a given attribute.
Returns whether or not this node is part of the node s children.
Inserts a column into the grid.
Returns the index of the specified string.
Computes the calcrhssize of a production using the auxiliary LHS
Load a command.
Invoke a command.
Computes the logistic product of the responses by using the power of 2. 0
Create a new external client and add it to the call stack.
delete a resourcetelete file
Remove a set of boids from a protection system
Returns the inference by gibbssampling of a given document.
Removes a token from the table.
Adjust the minpreffor spanning comps for each dimension.
Parses the current line of the file.
Puts a byte into the queue. If the queue is full and the new byte is
Returns the network parameters for the given network id.
Add a new certificate to the certificate store
store body into dataoutputstream
Computes the angle between two points.
Appends whitespace to the given writer.
Clear all resourceIndex for a given resourcetypename.
Returns the transaction data as a byte array.
Returns a list of period with the number of occurrences of the specified datetime unit plus the number
Returns an empty set if there are no labels to match.
Resets the unread counts for the specified section.
Adds a category to the list of categories.
Call a method on an object.
Tries to find the best connection to the other node.
Make a copy of the background color with the same number of times as the original color.
Convert the contents of the stream to a list of strings and write them to a stream.
Set the clientid for a consumerbean
Returns the first node matching the specified key or null if there is no such key.
Returns true if this modifier is public.
Registers a task for processing the specified image and returns true if the task was processed
Returns the table row for the current table row. If the table row does not exist a
Create a new s2cellid from the given face i and j.
Updateactions for the project.
Closes the stream.
Truncatetoolong number.
Checks to see if the timem micros is with an absolute value.
Returns an optional histogram of the same type as this instance.
Creates a jlabel with the specified title.
Appends the given string to the current path.
Returns the index of the specified substring within the specified value or - 1 if the value is
Test to see if we should submit a future and throw an exception if we should.
Read a 32 - bit integer from the stream.
Adds a directive to the list ofordirectives to be processed.
Formats the indate using the given string builder.
Clears all previously lapped mappings.
Add a key value pair to the query.
modify an attribute value
Copies the data from one stream to another.
Print an innerclass s members.
Initialize the basicvariables array from the specified column index.
Mousereleased a mouse event.
Runs a command on the filesystem for the specified path within the specified time limit.
Attaches a sipheader to the current context.
Appends a string to the given string builder at the given position.
Stops the application with the given exit code.
Adds t to the current state.
Returns the hashcode of the specified object.
Put all of the values in the given map.
Asserts the values of a pivot field in an object s string representation.
Convert this object to an XML string.
Writes an array of strings.
Walk a directory tree recursively.
Set the span span span spanned by highlighthashtags on the text
Processes a block of bytes.
Replace the specified string with the specified command.
Throws an illegal argument exception if the argument is null.
get content from url
Set the seed for the test. The seed byte array is the same as the seed byte
Flips the imagevertically.
Get the resource name from the command line arguments.
Executes the given code and returns the result. If an exception occurs during the execution of
Pad the specified string to the left with the specified number of characters.
Returns a new hash code for the policy identifier.
set the default charset for the system in and out
Returns true if this is the row and column at the given row and column index should be
Check all non valid non valid non valid non invalid non invalid non invalid non invalid non invalid
Adds the given package to the list.
Called by the remote manager when an action is received.
Checks whether a certificate is valid for the specified collection of crls.
Expand the string table.
Returns a sorted array of all supported element types and sets the maximum channel count.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the current thread isLogginged.
Create a responsecode with the specified name.
Returns a copy of the points in the image. The returned array will be the same length
Appends the given string to this string builder.
Delete a list of servers.
Sorts the elements in the specified array.
Report an error.
Adds a terminal symbol to this symbol table.
Create a temp file if it doesn t exist already.
Send a message to stop recording.
Writes a string with a tag to the file.
Return the hashcode of this path.
Type a new typevariable.
Iterates from this number down to the given number and executes the given closure within the range
Adds an element to the selectClause elements list.
This method is used to remove a VMD file from the list of VMD files.
Returns true if thegeotimeserie isormal.
Sets the start and last time to the current time.
Parses a string into a repositoryexpression.
Closes the output stream.
Adds a sourcesection.
Loads a set ofships from the specified buffered reader.
Returns the version parts of the string as an array.
Computes the type of the object.
Returns true if the a and b are approximatively equal within a tolerance.
Loads a JSON model from a file.
Split the given string on spaces. Returns null if the line is empty.
Create a volume.
Convert a linkedhash map to a hash string.
Returns the success or null if the field is not found.
Return null if the specified block is not a start block.
Checkerror method.
Splits a PDF document by size.
Validates the set of auths named by _str.
Converts a string to a uuid asurn using the default prefix for the uuid.
Returns the next line from the scanner or null if there are no more lines.
Decode a string with no options.
Create a new gradient of the specified size with the specified background and height.
Matches a string against a list of strings.
Create a new uuid with a random parent node.
Asserts the provided map of deliveries with the provided expected state.
Create a facet for a list of files.
Writes a bitmap to a file.
Converts a string into a sentence.
Replace a child element of this element with a new child element.
Generate a hash code for the specified keys.
Flushes the output stream.
Add an entry to a specified list of entryinfo objects.
Updates the current slide state.
Writes the density window to the specified writer.
Method used to get the Method URL from a string.
Returns true if the specified string equals this string.
Flushes the underlying stream.
Create a new server and wait for it to start.
Evaluates the pagination for the specified class.
Set up a new resultfilewriter for the specified algorithm and frequency.
Deregisters a specific service provider.
Sets the timestamp of the newest first comparator to the given date.
Update the item at the specified object.
Set the value of a float property.
Decodes a byte array.
Converts a point in the image space into a point in the image space.
Removes all views from the adapter.
Returns true if the given string is a valid mobile string ; false otherwise.
Converts an error message to a full filename and line number.
Computes the sine of the specified number.
Adds a notification to the panel.
Returns true if attributes are present otherwise false.
Returns the form of the ignore descriptor for the specified class.
Returns a random sample of k elements from the source dbids.
Returns the number of messages to be drawn.
Takes a string of arguments and splits it into an array of strings.
Fails if the string is not the same as the one in the sslcontextimpl s
This method is used to process the events and groups.
Resets the internal state.
This method sets the values of this object to the same values as the supplied namespace and local
Puts a long value into the buffer at the given position.
Deleterset step the specified volumeids.
Makes the bitmap the next thread in the pending list and updates the scheduled list.
Reads a 64 - bit integer and returns it.
Fails if the table does not exist in the database.
Discover the log configuration for the specified log category.
Create a via header.
Returns the contents of the buffer as a string.
Resolve the parameter values for the executable object.
Returns true if the specified char is a valid name char.
Checks to see if the given character is part of the id string.
Returns a hash code for this object.
Set the command handler for the command.
Returns true if the given string is a float.
Informs the scrollbar that a componentevent is resized.
Sets the command line argument.
Removes the specified object from the array at the specified index.
Removes a model from this model.
Read a map from the file.
Computes the logarithm of a given number of trials and observed by the
When the target view is away from the current view this method is called to provide the final
Performs a test for the local instances where the key is the current key and the value
Adds the match and the appliedregion to the result.
Resets the state of the font to its initial state.
Assert that the consumer is called with a message. If the consumer throws an exception the exception
Returns true if this node is an i semitonically correct i semitonically
Throws a runtimeexception if the input is b.
Returns a tag key value map for this object with the given key as the value.
Do postinit of the debugalltoken.
Attempt to retry the given exception and add it to the request.
Return a list of files sorted by comparator.
Adds a string to the file list.
The hinode of this node is the same as the hinode of another node
Add a realm configuration for a given organization.
Concatenates a string with the specified key.
Returns true if the given string is a hierachic string.
Paints a layer in the given graphics context.
Receives a single character from the socket.
buffertobytebuffer.
Writes a single byte to an outputstream.
Processes a local file URL.
Generates the template and volumepercent for a given feedback index.
Resets the internal state of the counter.
Read an int from the stream.
Returns a vector of options.
Add a CRL to the list of X. 509 keys to be added to the list
Adds a tag type to the mapping. If the tag type is already a tag type
Checks if the filetim and endoffset are within the filetim and the
Returns the next string.
Readlyrics3 tag.
Computes the dot product of two vectors.
Returns true if the selected column is not blank or not empty.
Checks to see if the specified string is a Unicode run.
Generate a scriptlog alert close window.
Use the tagnumberer to decide which child of the sentence is to be restored.
Overrides the default parsedomattributes method to add additional attributes to the element.
Returns the distance between the specified two points.
Start thePrinter with the specified number of conditions.
Pad the given string with the given number of places.
Registers an error resultcode with the element.
Adds all the bits from the specified exception set to this exception set.
Returns the sceus{}amstart video version.
Resourceloaderlicenselocator.
Returns true if the exception is an instance of the specified class false otherwise.
Validates all project types and creates a new HashMap with the projecttypes as keys.
add notificationlistener for a given mbean interface
Returns a copy of the internal array with the same contents but with a different sign.
Attempts to consume from the consumer and send messages to the bus.
Delete an attribute or field.
Asserts that the parameter s value is equal to the algorithm s value.
Returns true if the classnode is a class node that is public.
Loads the logfile with the specified license.
Set the escaped tags.
Updates the string with the specified value.
Computes the likelihood of a string for a specific tag.
Returns a copy of this string with the attributestostring append the element and the
Gets the issafemode.
Writes an array of bytes with an offset in the buffer.
Adds the item to the last item list.
Returns true if the first message is not a valid i18n message.
Create a dockerimage from a string representation of a docker image.
Adds a set of channelnames.
Deletes a directory.
Returns the number of active favorites.
Override toint a function to execute a future asynchronously.
Writes a 3 - byte array to the output stream.
Parse string data and return document object.
Returns true if the specified set of production copy names match the specified volume.
Makes sure that the column name is correct.
Decode a string.
Wait before next poll.
Computes the line length of the specified string.
Generates a chart data for the specified data type and writes it to the specified print writer
Add a message.
Converts the object to an XML string.
Converts a collection of objects to a list of strings.
Returns the minimum of the elements in the iterable.
Read a number of bytes from the input array starting at the specified offset.
Append a string to the end of the string table.
Convenience method to consolidate a list of stacks into a single list.
Calculates how many daysold the given time is.
Checks if the specified string is an invalid character.
The result will be equal to the original result. The result will not be equal if the
Convenient method to do a parallel processing of this string. The returned object will be
Fills the array with the ciic result.
Add missing instances at a specific level.
Insert a list of dataobject at the specified partition.
Remove a listener for tab selected events.
The thlexception of a thlexception.
Create and add a new volumestoparkinggroup and add it to the storage
Converts a string to an inputstream using the specified encoding.
Returns true if we are on a pkcs8 cluster.
Generate a x509 public key from an encoded public key string.
Adds a new label rotation anchor and angle to the specified number.
Checks if is running and not cached.
Log a message at the specified log level.
Returns true if this modifier is public of the given mod.
Create a map for a generic value.
Append a JSON string onto the current line.
Delete the user from authenticationinfo.
Reports an error message to the log.
Remove processor from processors list.
Ends the animation and returns the type of the animation that overrides the specified view holder.
Adds a string to the vector.
Returns true if the method m is method m and the list of parameters and return types match
Removes a node from the list of nodes.
Update the route.
Returns the string representation of the attribute.
Check to see if forxstream is available.
Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors.
Gets the batchsize.
Decode a URL from a byte array.
Clears all cached views.
Adds a dataset to this dataset.
End an element.
Set the options.
Add a child at the specified location.
Returns the minimum path sum for a given grid.
Convert the string representation of a date to a time.
dcheckupdate This method is called when the dcheckupdate button is pressed on the frame
Returns a new automaton that minimizes the set of integers represented by the specified automaton
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Adds the column.
Check for a number vector.
Adds a string to a string builder at the specified offset.
Opens a file for writing.
Computes the kernel distance between the two points. x_index and y_att
Close the output stream.
Write a list of files to a file destination
Marks all internal classes of this descriptor.
Returns the angle in radians.
Calculate the sser equivalent of the predicted values and the targetattribute values.
Returns the number of prefixes.
Appends the specified charsequence to the current writer.
Convert a datetime to a string.
Return the value of an attribute. If the attribute does not exist an exception is thrown.
Copy the contents of this array to a new array.
Imports an eckey key into the cache.
Retrieves the information for a single connection group. If the group does not exist a new
Returns true if the number in the buffered reader is containssinglemetric false otherwise.
Returns the separe metatag pattern for the specified string.
Remove columns.
Read the SSOexception configuration file.
Refresh the keycodes for this preference.
Adds a type definition to the set of inherited types.
Multiplies the components of the given histogram by the given value.
Add participants to this store.
Convert a map to a json string.
Prints the context.
Returns the number of methods in this class.
Adds a key to the requestids map.
Saves theslim postmni.
Called to let the device know that it is now a new playstore page.
Creates an icompilation unit element and adds it to a set of existing elements.
Convert a collection of virtualfile to a list of virtualfile paths.
Ensures that securitymanager is non - null.
Used to generate a big decimal rate for a given client id.
Do the interaction.
Create a snmpengineid with the specified port.
Return a list of parsereferential rules.
Encryptandreplacewsselements.
Add a transformation issue to the issue list.
Inserts a child node at the given index.
Calculates the ntlmhash of the given password.
Returns true if the double value is between 0 and the specified number false otherwise.
Replace the specified string parametervalue with the specified macrohandler.
Associates each element of the array with the specified power.
Splits a classname into a list of strings.
Retrieves a string with a namespace context set to a given node.
Set the properties for this result entry.
Generates an empty element and the generatelocators.
Sets the type of the specified class.
Overridden to not call actionperformed on an actionevent.
Apply properties.
Recursively rotates the tree to a root node.
Adds a new node to the cluster.
Returns true if the specified string is a validatenotnullorem Value file
Converts a string to a quoted string array.
Writes a string to the stream.
Read a set of smart thresholdes from the specified file.
Shuts down the thread pool and submitted a new one to it.
Returns a drawing to view a point.
Called when the connection to the server has been established.
Adds a descriptor.
Compile a progress successaction.
Joins the supplied elements with the specified separator.
Puts an unsigned byte to the given byte buffer.
Returns the number of parameters of the given string.
Optimizes the trie by removing duplicate rows.
Returns true if all of the user permissions have been denied.
Returns a string that contains the key of this table.
Create a new datetimeformter object for the specified locale using the specified resolver style
Waits for the externalstorag specified by log_tag to be present and
Pushes a value onto the stack.
Upload the local file to the device and installapp it with the packagename
Read asbytes from an inputstream.
Uninstalls the specified packagename.
Open the toplaylist at the specified position.
Adds names to the builder.
Asserts that the number of entries in the list are the same as the number of entries
Returns the normalized value of the given big decimal value if the given precision is below the allowed
Takes a string and converts it to a DOM result.
Append an object to a URL.
Send event toagent.
Apply the jmso single quotes to the java. util. ResourceBundle.
Index all values from the iterator of the specified field.
Closes the specified outputstream.
Add a search listener.
Returns whether or not this node is iss iss iss iss iss iss iss Single - to -
This method creates a cache entry with the current time as the timestamp of the cache entry.
Opens the specified file.
Removes and adds a photo to the list of images to be selected.
This method is called when a pre tick button is pressed.
Maps a char to a byte.
Returns the result of invoking the target method.
Wraps the given string if it is not already a keyword.
Adds an additional entry to the set of issue matchers.
Find the scope of annelement.
Generate a regopenkey with the specified securitymask.
Removes a listener from the list of listeners.
Replies the previous token.
Loads the specified imageresource and loads the specified repaint listener with the specified width
Returns true if the given name is a compound name.
The result is the same as invokeall but the result is not the same as invokeall
Set the config manager as a reference to the internallistener.
Sign a hash.
Set the time period.
Create the edit menu.
Remove a history changed listener.
Set the current state of the model.
Returns true if this object is a multi - part multi - part resource.
Returns a boolean indicating whether or not the signature is issigned.
Create a parsetext object from a string.
Returns the number of parts in this node.
Makes a simple database.
Adds a filechoosable filefilter to the given chooser.
Unbinds the service when the stop button is pressed.
peek at the current index to see if the current index is within one of the delimiters.
Eliminarusu Auftrages.
Adds a new layer at the end of the existing layer list.
Makes a copy of the string but checks to see if the values are the same.
Computes the Levyorm of two vectors.
Returns the index of the first non - whitespace character in the specified string or - 1 if
Read the content from the input stream.
Set the primitive value.
Creates the cash based grid for a given outline account and all of it sries.
Copies the content of this string into the specified byte array.
cleartime a calendar.
Computes the PDF of the data point at the given index.
Append a non - negative integer to a string buffer.
Draws a number of text elements.
This method can be used to test the find method for a directory with a specific limit.
Switches the controlkeys for the given keycode and adds a keychar to the input
Returns the hashcode of this set.
Stripleading period for a string.
Returns true if the specified string is a required config directory.
Removes all labels from the list.
The method used to calculate the z rotations of the matrix.
Converts the specified time in milliseconds to the number of nanoseconds since the epoch.
Override the default behavior of supplyAsync with a custom function instead of a callback.
Create a balancedwebresource with the given username password and list of hosts.
Create a signature for an array.
Writes a newline to the current line.
Increases the size of the internal buffer by the given amount.
Enumerated attribute from the training instances.
Returns true if the page is more than pagesize false otherwise.
Adds a worker to the pool if it hasn t already been added to the pool.
Removes the frontier from the set of nodes and updates the metrics.
Creates a font with the specified parameters.
Checks to see if the current heap is the same as the supplied one.
Returns a string that is a copy of the current value but with a copy of the current
Returns the value of the given callable except that the return value is interpreteronly.
Add a selector for a protocol.
Add a header with the given name and value.
The method to read a skel.
Returns a set of nonmonogamoussamples for the given collection of families
Create the cenevao version of the glbindVertexarray and the version of the
Returns true if the given file contains the given content.
Loads an array of boolean values from a file.
Updates the demandJSON data with a new date and time.
Adds an animation to the animation list.
Removes all data from the storages system and persists it to the database.
Reads all words and adds them to the hashset.
Returns true if the specified string exists in the specified range.
Unwatches a file.
Adds a property to the criteria
Removes the column with the given name.
Returns the unm managed Protectionset with the native guid. Returns null if the native guid
Converts a string into a number of bytes.
Checks the contents of the input stream for equals and equals.
Atomically applies the function over the elements of the current set and returns the previous element after
Release the stoptimers.
Returns true if the service should be moved.
Helper method to get the message for the first throwable in the arguments array.
returns a rafdirectory of the specified path with the specified lock factory.
Adds the minutes to the list of values and labels.
Recompose the variable list.
Fires a propertychange event for the property.
Returns an array of ints sorted by ascending order.
Execute an SQL INSERT UPDATE or DELETE statement.
Compute the dotext normal of the specified text.
This method is called when the database connection is created by the sqlexception engine.
Adds a collection of indices to the index.
Returns a boolean indicating whether this is a secureCookie.
load jsonstream list of object models from inputstream
Create a multistepex holder from a vector of paths.
Add the word len of the given channel to the given channel. Returns the number of times
Set up a table with the same name as this table. The table must have the same
Prunes the non - exceptionalout of the basic blocks.
Converts the current string to a spaced string.
Returns the content type of the given byte array at the specified offset.
Performs a benchmark for a non - caching setup.
Adds a line to the path.
Process the output of the process.
Send the start of the line to the outputstream.
Add a record to this record.
Checks if the specified character isvowel of the specified string.
Prints a stack trace to the specified print writer.
Reads the data from a datainput stream.
Remove the element at the specified index.
Adds a row to the panel.
Adds additional elements to the builder.
Adds a new point to the path.
The result will be cast to the resultant result. The resultant result will be cast
opencounter datainputstream.
Adds a new predicate to the formula.
Reads the next word from the tokenizer.
Appends a string to a string buffer.
Returns true if the specified file exists.
A convenience method that calls the associated Associations method on the associated instances.
Replaces the first occurrence of sub with with with with with.
Return the current location of the JVM.
Adds a string to the object.
Returns the first child element of the given element with the given names.
Entry point for the HTML test application.
Returns the hashcode of this string.
Asserts that all the HELPERS from the array are equal. The order of the
Normalize an array.
Writes a message to a file.
Returns a new hash code for this model.
Returns a random float in [ start end ).
Writes a byte array to the file.
Checks to see if a configuration is changed and if so sets the msystemlocale to
Get the keymap for a given key.
Returns true if the given string is gmtish.
Returns the massage uri of the given string.
Deletes a key from this set.
Appends the full match of the given string to the given string builder.
Start the processing.
Extracts a row from the row array. The row number must be the same as the
Remove chars from a string.
Generate a list of all column names and add them to the table.
Copies the contents of an inputstream to an outputstream.
Check and setupstreamsdrawer.
The result of the operation is the same as the original object i. e. the original
Make a copy of a component.
Computes the Zetastatic method for a given set of values.
This method overrides the method in the super class to calculate the total pending balance for a specific
Load the profile for a given user
scrollby by the supplied increment
Returns true if the specified charsequence symbol should be quoted.
Returns the commitcounter of the specified file name.
Loads a document from a text - based file.
Returns a new node with the token as the root and the empty node as the new node
Returns true if the assignid is a head - of - departments.
Munger singlel parties with the given strings.
Returns an array of statvalue objects for the specified file and archivematches.
Add a cluster number to the cluster list.
Called to print the closesubpath string.
Adds a tv show specifed string to the current tv show list.
Saves the records in a file.
set the value for the dataType property. The type of the attribute is one of the values
Clean up a task.
Creates a new file with the specified parent and returns it.
Make a point to the top left or bottom of the map.
Sends an event to the plugin.
The columnindextom Element is the number of columns in the table. If the column
Create a list of fixedrecord objects.
Add attributes if not exist.
Recompose the JSONArray of attributes for an elem attributeset.
Splits the given string on the given regular expression and returns the result as a list.
Removes all files with the given path from the specified directory.
Finds the index of the last key in the list or null if the list is empty
Adds to the end of the array a specified number of bytes.
Returns the total number of files in the directory specified.
P panabs the vector by the given amount.
Asserts that the object is not the same as the original object. The original object is
Returns the string representation of the parameter s documentation.
Computes the mean for a list of doubles.
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Reads data from a URL.
This method is used to removem both the loaded messages and the listener to enable the
Converts a string to an HTML entity.
Writes a byte array to the stream.
Unlock the current process.
Builds an array map from a list of storagesystem objects.
Encrypt a plaintext as a byte array.
Finds the field with the given id. Returns null if the field is not found.
Override deinstall to remove a listener.
Returns true if the token is https.
Samples a record.
Create a new tenantparam.
Throws an internalerror with the given message.
Draws this string node.
Creates a new image file name instance for the specified format.
Apply a pinch zoom listener to an imageview.
Returns the value of a specific option or the default value if the option is not set.
Returns whether or not the current line is a valid recurrence.
Ensure that the array capacity is at least the given minimum.
Returns the detailbase for the specified method.
Closes the output stream.
Acquires the lock on the current thread.
Override this method to override the default constructor.
Update the transaction with the specified id.
Switch to the setup file.
Load the client object for the given clientid.
Adds a property to this field.
This method is called from outside the constructor. It sets the flength array to the number
Returns an empty map if the string is null or empty if the string is not a valid
Draws a series of points and values.
listen modlog.
Returns true if the given string is a valid class name.
Initializes the CLOCK with the latest information from the file. If the file is already
Checks to see if the specified system time is older than the specified time.
Remove the breakpoint storage from the current breakpointmanagerlistener and all listeners.
This method is used to replace the creation template of an existing entity.
Reads an object from the object inputstream.
Adds an item to the set.
Converts a byte array to a hexadecimal string.
Create a new scserver.
Verify that all the bytes of the current string are the same.
Runs the minimal completion of the f. The f is completed with a non - null
Change the value of a given postresourceel to the value of the given path.
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements trimmed.
Returns the potiontype object for the given potiontype name.
Removes a mesh from the managed list.
Generate a new source and its translation list.
Posts a runnable to the event loop handler.
Returns true if the map is closed.
Inserts a new time step. The time step is added as the insert index to the
Adds an instruction to the list of instructions.
Ensure that the buffer is at least as large as the specified capacity.
Removes a name from the map.
Read a collection of objects from a datastream.
Adds a targeted - by - swarm to the list of hitbyswarm
Returns true if the specified key exists.
Set the omscalingraster image.
Copies the specified inputstream to the specified outputstream with the specified confid and
Writes the header of the document to the PDF file.
Generate a string from the codepoints after the specified closing character.
Write a non - primitive or non - void return value to the outputstream.
Private helper method to format a link to a string.
Sets the cause of the exception.
Checks to see if the given utils are compatible with the current system. If not the
Reads all patterns from the file and creates a new list of patterns.
Lsdirectories a directory.
Add the string to the buffer with the children of this node.
Converts an integer to base 64 and appends it to the appendable.
Remove the specified cell from the current grid.
Removes a foreignkey from this set.
Inserts an int into the string buffer at the given offset.
Gefaehrdungsumsetzung gefaehrdungs
Normalizes the path.
Adds the specified element to this sequence.
Pushes an integer onto the stack.
Converts a string node to a lookup map.
Performs a update of the table specified by _str with the contents of the current table
Obtains an completable future for a history read.
Validates the URI table to make sure it is valid.
Notifies the worker that the thread has finished writing.
Converts an offset to physical address.
Do the internal entity search.
Determines whether the given logname and operation are authorized to access the given credential.
Returns the next object in the array.
Adds new messages to the queue.
Sets an onrational permission request object.
Creates a new genericpr cache entry with the given username password and list of read and write
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Roll the array to a 1d6 array.
Converts a number of octets to a number of octets.
Add a tagging panel to this frame.
Returns the height of the specified marker.
Consume a client.
Computes the Euclidean distance between the two specified objects.
Method to find the sameaschaining of the specified object.
Copies all rows from the specified table for the specified schema.
Create a dot representation of this inference context.
Resizes the internal data structures so that it can be re - used.
Returns true if there is a next inetsocketaddress in the list.
Converts a percentiletox value to a log10 value.
Extract the queuename from the specified string.
Finds the symbol with the given type and id in the current context. If not found
Returns the angle between the touch state s and current state.
Converts a byte offset from the data in the array to a real - time int.
Remove quotes inside a string.
Generates a messageformat string using the specified dataset and series.
Matches strings with the specified pattern against the specified string.
Adjust the size of this panel.
Returns the finddirect field with the given name and fielddes field. Returns
Sets this field as the current date in the specified time zone using the default locale.
Internal util method.
Adds a default value to the parameter b with the given key.
Read a boolean value from a jsonarray
Converts a method into a method of the specified type and calls the appropriate visit method of
Converts a byte array to a PDF file.
The main class to generate a number of files from the command line. The number of files
Waits for the next non - null or non - empty object to be available.
Constructs the signature of the specified set of tables.
Fills the array with all non - zero bytes.
Returns the index of the last character in the specified charsequence or - 1 if no such
Calccoordinates of a single glyph.
Returns a java. util. date for the given julian.
Remove an object from the top of the stack and return true if the object was removed.
Writes astruct prop node to the stream.
A utilitytable for a network with a query var and assignment evidence.
Convert a list of strings totonumeric scores.
Advances to the next image.
Reads the data from the datainputstream and converts it to an array of bytes.
Find the best activity for the specified list of partial route.
Writes a single integer to the file.
Returns true if the pool isinitialized.
Called when the user click the register link on the view.
Register an extravalid subject.
Trims the current line from the specified string.
Returns the distance between p1 and p2.
Appends an instance to the existing fmb. The instance must be of the same type
Returns an iterator over the elements in the order list.
Verify that domains are not used by the DDI.
Create a new hashtable which contains only those points that intersect the provided circle.
The method is the same as the method.
Attempts to find the type of an annotated class.
Converts a scene model from one input stream to another.
Returns a map where the keys are the keys and the values are the values.
Writes a char array to the output stream.
Loads the specified voice and creates the appropriate Voice object if it does not already exist
Append a double to the end of the map.
Adds an incremental Matches listener.
Reads a four - byte integer from the stream.
Generate a collection of certificates from an inputstream.
Return true if the path is files existondest but not src.
Convert order expressions.
Starts a new block at the specified position.
Inserts a product into the history table.
Configures the jlabel with the selected color and the specified font.
Removes alllimitlines from the buffer.
Remove all elements from the given stream.
Create a metering region for a normalized region.
Flushes the output stream.
Create a vector with the components in the specified array.
overrides the visitor to make sure that the inner class has the same name as the outer class
Returns the lontop pixels for the given longitude and zoom level.
Checks if the specified avlist contains aographic location for the file.
Prints a register.
Removes a session from this session set.
Returns the string representation of this string builder.
Returns a dirty child iterator.
Enable the optout task.
Implementation of the hmact64 algorithm.
Returns true if this string matches the specified string.
Write a byte array to the output stream.
Returns whether or not the given sootclass is anrcclass.
Process theldif.
Prints the progress for a specific row.
The object has already been destroyed. Check if the object is no longer needed and drainper
Load the records for the specified session.
Create a checkbox with the specified text and image.
Adds a batch of requests to the server and returns the batch id of the batch that
Dequeues the buffer at the specified index to the specified output buffer.
Creates a new job definition with the specified jobtype jobname description maxage restarts and
Returns the field with the given id or null if there is no such field.
Puts a long value into memory at the specified address. If the address is un aligned
Create aminimal split for a given folder.
Sign a DOM element.
Display the selected cfield.
abstractsdfwriter factory method.
Attempts to guess the best fireplan for the specified shFooter and targetable entity.
Map a dataobjectfields to a dataobjectfields.
Computes the number of files posted by the specified arguments.
Clear the list of searchables.
Adds an action listener to the list of listeners.
Add a certain number of values to a given material.
The order of the string returned by this method is the same as the order of the parameter
Returns the clonelist with the specified key in the specified vector. Returns null if the
Converts a string to a byte array using the specified encoding.
Returns true if the given string looks like anabg.
Start the process and wait for it to finish.
Adds a meta character and its replacement.
Returns the matching items for the specified template.
Finds the history of a given job.
Returns the string represented by the specified character or the original string if the character isprintable
Update pendingnodes.
Returns the current string as a string buffer.
Draws a lighter button at the specified x y coordinates.
This method will write a string at the current time for the specified column of the matrix.
Returns true if the inputstream is a white - space string. If the inputstream is
Sets the resource.
Sets the request routing.
Receives a datagram.
Forceelete an attributeat at a specific position.
Adds labels for the specified locale to this index.
Throws an unsupported operationexception for a key.
Sets the pluginloader for the specified server instance.
Adds a separator to the current log.
Determines whether or not the sdcard invocation exists in the system.
Returns the module list.
Writes the image to the outputstream.
Attempts to round the specified value to the nearest integer using the specified random number generator.
Converts the types of the given properties to the corresponding types.
Returns a list of registerdescription objects.
Set the name prefix for the thread.
Asserts that the given string is encoded as a gangliametric message. The
Add a new server transaction.
Waits for a thread to retry after a certain amount of time.
Performs one - then - two comparison of the properties of the symbol used in the declaration
Asserts that the result is a hashmap with boolean values.
Returns a boolean indicating whether this node isbusy.
Parses the next line of data and writes it to the given outputstream.
Resets the connection to its unknown state.
Asserts that the contents of _str are the same as the contents of _str.
Decodes a diffpart.
Removes all child nodes of the specified node.
Unlinks node p with trail.
Calculate the mixfriction of two points.
serialize an object to JSON
Returns true if the referenced register is the same as the given offsets. Otherwise returns false.
Check if a volume is a usenative volume and if it is a new size.
Update the rosterentry.
Returns the oizp of the given number.
Returns a new terminal size that is the same as this and the specified terminal size.
Returns true if gzip is allowed for the given request.
Creates a thread - safe buffer with the specified size. If the buffer is unbounded it
Method used to display a list of conversations.
Read a octet from the input stream.
Enqueues a job.
Fills the array with all non - zero bytes.
Start an XML element.
Draws a string.
Reads a number of characters from the stream.
Increments the mc nonce counter by one. If the mc nonce is the same as
Attempts to match the specified rpsystemid against the specified storagepool ids. If
Calculates the TT for a given player s price.
Add search history to the searchfield list.
Returns a list of files with all non - source files removed.
Joins the elements of an array into a single string.
Write a single integer to the output stream.
Sets the fields to be included in the current entity query.
Replaces a string with another one.
Log networkstreammerger request.
packciphersuites a string array to a string array
Adds a new file filter for the given description and file extension.
Ensures that the tuples array is large enough for the given row.
Returns true if the specified string is an instance of the specified string false otherwise.
Removes all children of a node with a specific type.
Lazily sets the value at the specified offset to the specified new value.
Returns whether or not the given Savepoint object is valid.
Returns a list of columns from the given result set using the provided table editor.
Writes the contents of a collection of strings to a file.
Clears all cached data.
Resets theuidvalidity time.
Write the header of the page to the output stream.
This is the main entry point for the pipedinputstream or pipedoutputstream class
Removes a room.
Computes the disjunction of anenergizeditem by a given amount.
Returns an array containing all of the elements in this list.
Adds all the elements in the specified collection to the selection.
Returns true if the specified feature is on or off.
Return the backup set of a specified node.
Set the URL of the image to load.
Builds a new identity matrix.
Converts a digest to a hexadecimal string.
Create a new line bidi with the specifiedlinestart andlinelimit values.
Checks if the packagetomatch is valid for the specified context and auth data
Paints the internalframet at the specified location.
Add a graphlistener.
Restart andinstall if necessary.
Align real and pred to corresponding real and pred.
Returns true if the current product is a category.
Creates a table with allstatstable components for the specified dataset and locker.
Append a file to the end of the file list.
Get a list of strings that will be whitelisted.
Returns true if the given string is a isscoped name.
Set up the input stream.
Loads properties from a config file.
Print a single boolean field.
Writes a list of views to a string writer.
Clears the internal list of all removedataelisteners.
Loads a audiomap. xml file.
Adds a generic attribute to the generic attribute list.
Adds the specified fahrzeitevents to the specified list of fah
Create a new instance of the given provider class.
Checks that a UUID is valid.
Creates a new outputstream for writing to the specified channel.
Run the server manager.
Converts a stream of ioexception to a default object and writes it to the outputstream
Create a literal extensioniv for a string.
Adds a header to the response.
Adds a new leaf atom to this node.
Converts a double value to a normalWord.
Removes a name from the internal buffer and removes it from the internal buffer.
Add a new entry entry to the filter model.
Start a new big integer with the given number. The number of bytes in the array is
Creates a dialog with the specified alias and password as a String and adds it to the parent
Returns the sum of all entries for the given sqlexpression.
Calculates the x - coordinate of the Element
Finishes the progress bar.
Writes the string to the xml writer.
Add days to the object.
Copies the content of the current file into a new file.
Get the list of options.
Removes the specified entry from the specified dataset.
Runs a read test for the given input using the given compression mode.
Closes the current thread.
Remove the specified object from the queue.
Generates a writableraster with the specified width and height.
The command to execute the scheduler command.
Adds a document to the already existing document.
Returns the first provider with the key as key.
Returns the simplesystem permission set for this node.
Adds a curvey point to the current vector.
Read buckets from the shared preferences.
Reads a single character.
Adds an offer to the list of acceptedoffers. If the offer has already been
Verifies that the provider of the given key matches the provider s signature.
Inject dependencies to the activity scope graph.
Waits until the object becomes available to write. If the object becomes available to write
Reads a localdate.
Remove a listener for selection events.
Writes an integer to the socket.
Read the contents of an inputstream.
Convert a list of type parameters to a list of maps.
Perform a freespace command and return the number of times the command was completed.
Reads the data from an inputstream and closesilently.
Returns true if the goal is within one of the valid moves of the inode n and the
Use this method to read a penntreebank file.
Attempts to unwrap the SSLv2 certificate from the given array of bytes. If the
Close the socket.
This method applies rowchangedata.
Normalize a namedlist.
Returns true if the given value is infinite.
Get the inprogress logsegment name for the given ledgerid firsttxid and log
Add a double to the list.
The receiveredundancy is determined by the number of bytes read from the min buffer.
Output a Doctypedecl element with the specified name.
Checks to see if a vector is valid.
Resolves a url with the given target.
Returns the maximum depth of the specified node.
Returns an array of URL objects for the specified path.
Generate the final object array and store the input and output in the new object array.
Fire connection closed event to listeners.
Writes an int to the buffer at the specified offset on the specified object.
Sets the field number.
Creates a uri with the specified path and protocol.
Adds a plot for this plot with the specified axes names.
Adds a column to the model.
Sets the dimension of the target map.
Adds an element to a document.
Flush the buffer to the underlying file.
Adds the specified character at the beginning of this list.
Adds an instance of the specified class.
Read a number of bytes from the buffer.
Checks to see if there are components in the window. If not the close button is
Processes the run started tag of the identifier.
Inserts a character at the specified offset.
Adds a new root element to this protoelement tree.
Expands the widget at the specified level to the specified element. If the elementortre
Appends a cell to the end of the cell string.
Override this method if you want to modify a page configuration.
Resize the canvas to the specified maximum size. If keepproportions is true
Returns true if the given charsequence is normalized form.
Returns the string representation of this attribute.
Unescapes the empty string.
Saves an entity to the database.
Reads the files and version from a datainput and returns a copy of the files and
Write the name to the output stream and newline if needed.
redeem a token.
Returns the level of the given color by the given factor.
Returns the string representation of the given operand size.
Returns the filename of the given class with the given suffix.
Writes the specified process var to the map with specified recursion level.
Throws an exception if the number of qualns is not the same as the number of
Formats a float array d to a string builder.
Pack a string into an array.
Removes all the viewpoints from the specified array.
Clear the current monpageLeafeners.
Updates the breakpoint condition and the background color.
Removes a view from the ignored view list.
Write the header to the outputstream
Checks to see if the resource is currently on the system time.
Returns the maximum number of items to fill a specific value.
Clear all categories and values.
Sets the section selected to the given section index.
Combines a list of sox files with a single callback.
Stops the Scrollinginstance.
Computes the kahanobject over the other.
Makes a response to mime_html
Return the next event in the stream. If there are no more events an xmlstreamexception
Replaces the endpoint in the URL with the provided endpoint string.
Create the okpath.
Add a member value to the constant pool.
Add whitespace to a list of strings.
Returns the localized packagename of the specified widget node or null if the node is not
Processes aftyp atom and returns true if the atom was processed successfully.
Parses the given string into a HashMap of strings separated by the given separator.
Deletes the resource at the URL with the provided status code and the expected status code.
Perform a runningsum operation on the current set.
Return a deep copy of the variable table.
Create a new configuration object with the specified prefix and key prefix.
creates a map from the set of names to the corresponding names of the current resourc
Returns a column with the specified number of values.
Add the unique identifier to this string.
Attempts to executepotentialwork the object data to the imageview
Adds a bitmap to the queue.
Adds a listener that will be invoked after server start.
Returns the number of bytes available to read. If there are no more bytes available to read
Create a new object with the specified parameters. Throws an illegalArgumentexception if the object
Adds a row to the datatostore.
Determines whether the specified host is the same as the specified domain.
Calculates entropy for a given set of datazs and a set of dataws
Intended to be called only from event handling.
Calculate the color of the object.
Reads characters from the text.
Adjusts the indentation of the current block.
Returns a code fragment representing the declared type of the field.
Set the dialogues system.
Adds a button to a container with the specified text and alignment.
Returns true if the specified tag is defined and the specified object is the same as the specified
Helper method to get the businessobjectdatakeytostring string from a businessobjectdata
Get the usage for the typetoken.
Returns the enclosing call of the specified method or null if it is not a grcall
Generates a copy of a isoimage from an existing file.
Create a new actionable event.
Specifies the rational field of the symbol table.
removenotifications by type
Converts a atom to a atom and removes it from the atom s parent and child atom
Add the specified uuid to the specified ssfnode.
Returns the offset of an object field.
Converts the stringbuilder to an XML string.
Dispose of the run button.
Concatenates the specified publisher to the specified source array.
Shuts down the server and releases all resources associated with it.
Returns true if the given string is a valid localid for the given string.
Binds the serversocketbar to the specified port.
Checks whether the given node should be interrupted after waiting for another thread to cancel it.
Resets the outputbuilders.
Writes all the carriers to the specified file.
Removes a listener from the resourcelisteners list.
Fails if the application has mainactivity.
Add the given name to the message buffer and append the specified candidate to the message buffer.
Write the header of a random accessfile.
Returns a string representation of this object s vendor.
Set the match and confidence.
Internal helper method to treeify the keys in the specified array.
Adds all elements of the specified array to the current node. If the number of elements
Adds a drawer listener.
Start the activity to edit a note.
Creates a new entry and adds it to the list.
Show the autohider component of the given view.
Returns a string representation of the specified time using the specified separator character sequence as the separator.
olve p times p with the specified rate.
Collapses all occurrences of the given string to _str.
Read an object from a stream.
Calculates the columnumnt.
Opens a file with the specified type.
The children removed from the current context are now removed from the current context.
Processes a syllable item and returns the number of times the syllable was
Remove all instances from the specified amino acid with respect to the specified component.
Draws a normal message
Kill a locotext field
Start a listen key.
Parse a set of flags from a string.
Verify a signature.
Adds a string to the list of match strings.
Returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch.
Converts a string to a byte array.
Stop a job.
Returns the coefficient of the variance of this group.
Returns a string representation of this variable string.
Set the version of the skeleton to the default.
upgrade a single attribute from the old to the new oldest version
Takes a string and adds it to it if it is the same.
Emits a ensurecollection.
Unregisters a client from the server.
Replaces all the occurrences of the given string with the quotes of the given string.
Allocates a new container with the specified resource capacity and padding.
Returns true if the given URI is a local resource ; false otherwise.
Waits until the specified path is available. Returns the path or null if the path
Returns true if this is an instance of iszoneloader resource.
Validates a message and throws an exception if the message does not match the expected type.
Close all open files.
Return the MD5 checksum of the specified message.
The job to run.
Delete the peoplecontainer.
Asserts that the current num - th messages are in the recent messages list.
Adds a new event to the queue.
Add the error message to the error messages list.
Ensure that the buffer is at least the specified size.
Writes a string value to the output stream.
Query a request and return the response as a string.
Returns true if the two linkshavesamelinkstats are identical.
Generates a string that contains a unique identifier.
Remove a provider.
Parse a single element.
Returns a string representation of the specified money object.
Removes an instance from the list.
Reads the properties.
Log a warning message.
Reads a string from an inputstream.
Fill in a vector with a vector of size size t.
Unregister a transactionservice plugin.
Sorts the array using the isort method.
Asserts that the current session node is the same model class as the previous session node.
Find and initialize the mapbean for the specified object.
Removes all elements from the graph
Returns the number of productions currently in use.
Create a new boxedunit.
Writes an object to the outputstream
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Sets the value of the field with the given name on the specified object type. The field
Method that processevents the event.
Removes a listener from the set of registered listeners and returns true if the listener was removed
Adds a message to a URI.
Start the rendering.
Returns a clone of a calendar where the day of the year is the same as the day
Binds to a remoteangularobject client.
Remove all the elements in the list with the specified indexes.
Create a new cprojecttree.
Returns true if this object is an object.
Returns how much time has elapsed since the last call to this method.
Called by modssilent to request a modssilent channel.
Returns true if the object contains the specified value.
Renames a database file.
Handle errorviolations.
Remove a sensor from the selection.
Prints the names of the way and the attributes of the default entityview info.
Returns a string buffer.
Method to construct a new object reference.
Returns true if there is a next proxy in the list.
Returns true if the node is a camerapicked node.
Returns the hashcode of this object.
Create a builder for a measurement mappings.
Extract a single ZIP file to a destination directory.
Adds a string to the configuration file if the string is a string in the config_
Creates a gotolined dialog with the specified text component.
Add headers to the request and write the bytes to the outputstream.
Checks to see if the image is a multiple of mbytes. If it is the
Asserts that the system property _str has a value of expected. If the system property
Gets the number of bytes to be filled with.
Returns true if this object equals the specified object.
Notify wifistate.
Checks if the value for the given key exists in the array.
Remove a diagram modification listener.
Create a new connectivity grid.
Returns a string containing the specified string plus the specified number of times. If the specified string
Clear the hostcontext of this object.
Sets the p - normalization of the string.
Start the stage.
Called when a datapoint is added to the chart.
Create a new namedrange that has the same start and end as this and the specified other
Creates a new tailer.
Returns true if the current OS name is macos.
Returns the number of values currently in the cache.
Dviewasn1dump of the given jdialog.
Trim all string from right
Adds an object to the message.
Disposes the menu.
Calculate the distance from point_b to point_a.
Recursively adds the word and token at the given index to the given string. If the
Returns a new array with the specified number of elements filled with zeros.
Submit a permission request.
test settinganull deployable property
we don t want to expose it to the user.
Create a new deletesub command handler.
Remove all cycles from the graph.
Returns a string representation of this matrix.
Return the element that matches the frommatch pattern and countmatch pattern in the given context.
Tries to kill the process.
Encode a charbuffer.
Create a new metrics instance.
Return the class for the specified objectstream class. If the objectstream class does not exist
Returns true if the given point is part of this shape false otherwise.
Adds an element to the end of the buffer.
Returns whether or not this object is in useantization mode.
Load the levelfile with the specified column name.
Validate a file.
Write the content of the stack to a dataoutputstream.
Apply the given mask to the given string and return the result.
Computes the total duration of the event.
Return the frame header length of the frame.
Returns a buffered image of the specified type.